Title: Complete genome sequence of producer of the glycopeptide antibiotic Aculeximycin Kutzneria albida DSM 43870T, a representative of minor genus of Pseudonocardiaceae Abstract: Background:                       Kutzneria is a representative of a rarely observed genus of the family Pseudonocardiaceae. Kutzneria species were initially placed in the Streptosporangiaceae genus and later reconsidered to be an independent genus of the Pseudonocardiaceae. Kutzneria albida is one of the eight known members of the genus. This strain is a unique producer of the glycosylated polyole macrolide aculeximycin which is active against both bacteria and fungi. Kutzneria albida genome sequencing and analysis allow a deeper understanding of evolution of this genus of Pseudonocardiaceae, provide new insight in the phylogeny of the genus, as well as decipher the hidden secondary metabolic potential of these rare actinobacteria.                  Results:                       To explore the biosynthetic potential of Kutzneria albida to its full extent, the complete genome was sequenced. With a size of 9,874,926 bp, coding for 8,822 genes, it stands alongside other Pseudonocardiaceae with large circular genomes. Genome analysis revealed 46 gene clusters potentially encoding secondary metabolite biosynthesis pathways. Two large genomic islands were identified, containing regions most enriched with secondary metabolism gene clusters. Large parts of this secondary metabolism "clustome" are dedicated to siderophores production.                  Conclusions:                       Kutzneria albida is the first species of the genus Kutzneria with a completely sequenced genome. Genome sequencing allowed identifying the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of aculeximycin, one of the largest known oligosaccharide-macrolide antibiotics. Moreover, the genome revealed 45 additional putative secondary metabolite gene clusters, suggesting a huge biosynthetic potential, which makes Kutzneria albida a very rich source of natural products. Comparison of the Kutzneria albida genome to genomes of other actinobacteria clearly shows its close relations with Pseudonocardiaceae in line with the taxonomic position of the genus.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of an inactive aflatoxin biosynthesis gene cluster in Aspergillus oryzae RIB strains Abstract: To help assess the potential for aflatoxin production by Aspergillus oryzae, the structure of an aflatoxin biosynthesis gene homolog cluster in A. oryzae RIB 40 was analyzed. Although most genes in the corresponding cluster exhibited from 97 to 99% similarity to those of Aspergillus flavus, three genes shared 93% similarity or less. A 257-bp deletion in the aflT region, a frameshift mutation in norA, and a base pair substitution in verA were found in A. oryzae RIB 40. In the aflR promoter, two substitutions were found in one of the three putative AreA binding sites and in the FacB binding site. PCR primers were designed to amplify homologs of aflT, nor-1, aflR, norA, avnA, verB, and vbs and were used to detect these genes in 210 A. oryzae strains. Based on the PCR results, the A. oryzae RIB strains were classified into three groups, although most of them fell into two of the groups. Group 1, in which amplification of all seven genes was confirmed, contained 122 RIB strains (58.1% of examined strains), including RIB 40. Seventy-seven strains (36.7%) belonged to group 2, characterized by having only vbs, verB, and avnA in half of the cluster. Although slight expression of aflR was detected by reverse transcription-PCR in some group 1 strains, including RIB 40, other genes (avnA, vbs, verB, and omtA) related to aflatoxin production were not detected. aflR was not detected in group 2 strains by Southern analysis.	1
Title: Characterization of the function of the ver-1A and ver-1B genes, involved in aflatoxin biosynthesis in Aspergillus parasiticus Abstract: The ver-1A gene was cloned and its nucleotide sequence was determined as part of a previous study on aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) biosynthesis in the filamentous fungus Aspergillus parasiticus SU-1. A second copy of this gene, ver-1B, was tentatively identified in this fungal strain. In this study, ver-1B was cloned by screening an A. parasiticus cosmid library with a ver-1A probe. The nucleotide sequence of ver-1B was determined. The predicted amino acid sequence of ver-1B had 95% identity with ver-1A. A translational stop codon, found in the ver-1B gene coding region, indicated that it encodes a truncated polypeptide. To confirm the function of the ver-1 genes in AFB1 synthesis, a plasmid (pDV-VA) was designed to disrupt ver-1A and/or ver-1B by transformation of the AFB1 producer A. parasiticus NR-1. One disruptant, VAD-102, which accumulated the pathway intermediate versicolorin A was obtained. Southern hybridization analysis of VAD-102 revealed that ver-1A but not ver-1B was disrupted. A functional ver-1A gene was transformed back into strain VAD-102. Transformants which received ver-1A produced AFB1, confirming that ver-1A is the only functional ver-1 gene in A. parasiticus SU-1 and that its gene product is involved in the conversion of versicolorin A to sterigmatocystin in AFB1 biosynthesis. A duplicated chromosomal region (approximately 12 kb) was identified upstream from ver-1A and ver-1B by Southern hybridization analysis. This duplicated region contained the aflR gene, which is proposed to be one regulator of AFB1, synthesis. A similar gene duplication was also identified in several other strains of A. parasiticus.	1
Title: Cloning and functional expression of an esterase gene in Aspergillus parasitcus Abstract: Within the 80 kb aflatoxin pathway gene cluster characterized earlier, and between adhA and norA genes, we have identified an estA gene encoding an esterase from wild type strain Aspergillus parasiticus SRRC 143. The 1,500 bp genomic DNA and 945 bp cDNA sequences were determined for estA. Outside of the aflatoxin pathway gene cluster, an additional copy of the estA gene (named estA2) was also cloned from the same A. parasiticus strain. Comparison of the estA and estA2 sequences showed 9 substitutions within the 314 amino acid residues of their gene products, and no apparent defect was identified in the estA2. The estA gene is a homolog of the stcI gene identified in A. nidulans involved in the biosynthesis of sterigmatocystin and dihydro-sterigmatocystin for the conversion of versiconal hemiacetal acetate to versiconal. Reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) experiments demonstrated that the estA is constitutively expressed. And only this estA gene, which is located within the aflatoxin pathway gene cluster, is expressed; no expression of the estA2 gene was detected under both aflatoxin conducive and non-conducive conditions. Possible reasons for the preferential expression of the estA over the estA2 gene have been discussed.	1
Title: Characterization of a partial duplication of the aflatoxin gene cluster in Aspergillus parasiticus ATCC 56775 Abstract: A partial duplication of the complete aflatoxin gene cluster containing homologues of aflR-aflJ-adhA-estA-norA-ver1and omtB was identified from Aspergillus parasiticus ATCC 56775. The genes, verA-avnA-verB-avfA, between ver1 and omtB in the complete gene cluster, however, were not found. One-hybrid assays showed that the duplicated aflRgene ( aflR2) encoded a protein that could activate transcription just as that encoded by aflR1,the aflR gene in the complete gene cluster. Two-hybrid assays showed that AFLR2 also interacted with a putative coactivator, AFLJ1, at comparable levels to AFLR1. Deletion of aflR1 resulted in the loss of production of aflatoxin precursors, which suggested that aflR2could not completely replace the function of aflR1. Point mutations found in adhA2, pre-termination in ver1B and norA2,and a large deletion in omtB2 probably render these duplicated genes to become nonfunctional. A close examination of the history of isolates reported to have a partial duplication suggested that duplication of the aflatoxin cluster is not a prevalent event.	1
Title: Aflatoxin biosynthesis cluster gene cypA is required for G aflatoxin formation Abstract: Aspergillus flavus isolates produce only aflatoxins B1 and B2, while Aspergillus parasiticus and Aspergillus nomius produce aflatoxins B1, B2, G1, and G2. Sequence comparison of the aflatoxin biosynthesis pathway gene cluster upstream from the polyketide synthase gene, pksA, revealed that A. flavus isolates are missing portions of genes (cypA and norB) predicted to encode, respectively, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase and an aryl alcohol dehydrogenase. Insertional disruption of cypA in A. parasiticus yielded transformants that lack the ability to produce G aflatoxins but not B aflatoxins. The enzyme encoded by cypA has highest amino acid identity to Gibberella zeae Tri4 (38%), a P450 monooxygenase previously shown to be involved in trichodiene epoxidation. The substrate for CypA may be an intermediate formed by oxidative cleavage of the A ring of O-methylsterigmatocystin by OrdA, the P450 monooxygenase required for formation of aflatoxins B1 and B2.	1
Title: Variability in nitrogen regulation of aflatoxin production by Aspergillus flavus strains Abstract: Aflatoxins are toxic and carcinogenic metabolites of several Aspergillus species. The effect of nitrate on aflatoxin production and expression of the key regulatory genes involved in aflatoxin biosynthesis, aflR and aflJ, were compared among isolates of the S(B) and S(BG) strains of A. flavus. Aflatoxin production by two of the three strain S(B) isolates did not differ significantly between the two media tested, whereas for S(BG) A. flavus isolates, the level of aflatoxins in buffered nitrate medium was as much as 20-fold lower than in ammonium salts medium. Expression of aflR was not significantly affected by growth of cultures in nitrate medium for most of the isolates. However, on nitrate medium, expression of aflJ was 2.6-fold higher for the S(B) isolates than it was on ammonium salts medium, whereas for the S(BG) isolates aflJ expression was 2-fold lower on nitrate than on ammonium salts medium. This difference may result from the presence in the aflJ/aflR intergenic region of S(BG) isolates of fewer putative binding sites (HGATAR sites) for AreA, the positive-acting, wide domain transcription factor involved in regulation of nitrogen metabolism.	1
Title: Degeneration of aflatoxin gene clusters in Aspergillus flavus from Africa and North America Abstract: Aspergillus flavus is the most common causal agent of aflatoxin contamination of food and feed. However, aflatoxin-producing potential varies widely among A. flavus genotypes with many producing no aflatoxins. Some non-aflatoxigenic genotypes are used as biocontrol agents to prevent contamination. Aflatoxin biosynthesis genes are tightly clustered in a highly conserved order. Gene deletions and presence of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in aflatoxin biosynthesis genes are often associated with A. flavus inability to produce aflatoxins. In order to identify mechanisms of non-aflatoxigenicity in non-aflatoxigenic genotypes of value in aflatoxin biocontrol, complete cluster sequences of 35 A. flavus genotypes from Africa and North America were analyzed. Inability of some genotypes to produce aflatoxin resulted from deletion of biosynthesis genes. In other genotypes, non-aflatoxigenicity originated from SNP formation. The process of degeneration differed across the gene cluster; genes involved in early biosynthesis stages were more likely to be deleted while genes involved in later stages displayed high frequencies of SNPs. Comparative analyses of aflatoxin gene clusters provides insight into the diversity of mechanisms of non-aflatoxigenicity in A. flavus genotypes used as biological control agents. The sequences provide resources for both diagnosis of non-aflatoxigenicity and monitoring of biocontrol genotypes during biopesticide manufacture and in the environment.	1
Title: Characterization of the Aspergillus ochraceoroseus aflatoxin/sterigmatocystin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Production of carcinogenic aflatoxins has been reported from members of Aspergillus section Flavi, Aspergillus section Nidulantes and a newly proposed Aspergillus section Ochraceorosei that consists of Aspergillus ochraceoroseus and A. rambellii. Unlike members of section Flavi, A. ochraceoroseus and A. rambellii have been shown to accumulate both aflatoxin (AF) and the aflatoxin precursor sterigmatocystin (ST). Alhough morphologically distinct from A. nidulans, molecular characterization of A. ochraceoroseus AF/ST genes and physiological characteristics of AF/ST production indicated that A. ochraceoroseus is more closely related to A. nidulans than to A. flavus. Knowing that the A. nidulans ST gene cluster is organized differently from the A. flavus AF gene cluster, we determined the genetic organization of the AF/ST biosynthetic cluster in A. ochraceoroseus. Sequencing of overlapping lambda clones and genomic PCR fragments obtained by gene-walking techniques demonstrated that the A. ochraceoroseus AF/ST gene cluster is organized much like the A. nidulans ST gene cluster except that the region from aflN to aflW is located directly upstream of aflC and in reverse orientation such that aflW represents the distal end and aflY the proximal end of the cluster. The A. ochraceoroseus cluster genes demonstrated 62-76% nucleotide identity to their A. nidulans ST cluster gene homologs. Transformation of an A. nidulans aflR mutant with the A. ochraceoroseus aflR restored ST production in A. nidulans transformants. PCR amplification of A. rambellii genomic DNA demonstrated that the AF/ST gene cluster is organized in the same manner as that of A. ochraceoroseus.	1
Title: An iterative type I polyketide synthase PKSN catalyzes synthesis of the decaketide alternapyrone with regio-specific octa-methylation Abstract: A biosynthetic gene cluster containing five genes, alt1-5, was cloned from Alternaria solani, a causal fungus of early blight disease to tomato and potato. Homology searching indicated that the alt1, 2, and 3 genes code for cytochrome P450s and the alt4 gene for a FAD-dependent oxygenase/oxidase. The alt5 gene encodes a polyketide synthase (PKS), named PKSN, that was found to be an iterative type I complex reduced-type PKS with a C-methyltransferase domain. To identify the PKSN function, the alt5 gene was introduced into the fungal host Aspergillus oryzae under an alpha-amylase promoter. The transformant produced a polyketide compound, named alternapyrone, whose structure is shown to be 3,5-dimethyl-4-hydroxy-6-(1,3,5,7,11,13-hexamethyl-3,5,11-pentadecatrienyl)-pyran-2-one. Labeling experiments confirmed that alternapyrone is a decaketide with octa-methylation from methionine on every C(2) unit except the third unit.	1
Title: Illuminating the diversity of aromatic polyketide synthases in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Genome sequencing has revealed that fungi have the ability to synthesize many more natural products (NPs) than are currently known, but methods for obtaining suitable expression of NPs have been inadequate. We have developed a successful strategy that bypasses normal regulatory mechanisms. By efficient gene targeting, we have replaced, en masse, the promoters of nonreducing polyketide synthase (NR-PKS) genes, key genes in NP biosynthetic pathways, and other genes necessary for NR-PKS product formation or release. This has allowed us to determine the products of eight NR-PKSs of Aspergillus nidulans, including seven novel compounds, as well as the NR-PKS genes required for the synthesis of the toxins alternariol (8) and cichorine (19).	1
Title: Analysis of the ambruticin and jerangolid gene clusters of Sorangium cellulosum reveals unusual mechanisms of polyketide biosynthesis Abstract: Ambruticins and jerangolids are structurally related antifungal polyketides produced by Sorangium cellulosum strains. Comparative analysis of the gene clusters and characterization of compounds produced by gene knockout strains suggested hypothetical schemes for biosynthesis of these compounds. Polyketide synthase (PKS) architecture suggests that the pyran ring structure common to ambruticins and jerangolids forms by an intramolecular reaction on a PKS-bound intermediate. Disrupting ambM, encoding a discrete enzyme homologous to PKS C-methyltransferase domains, gave 15-desmethylambruticins. Thus, AmbM is required for C-methylation, but not pyran ring formation. Several steps in the post-PKS modification of ambruticin involve new enzymology. Remarkably, the methylcyclopropane ring and putative carbon atom excision during ambruticin biosynthesis apparently occur on the PKS assembly line. The mechanism probably involves a Favorskii rearrangement, but further work is required to elucidate these complex events.	1
Title: Amphotericin biosynthesis in Streptomyces nodosus: deductions from analysis of polyketide synthase and late genes Abstract: Background:                       The polyene macrolide amphotericin B is produced by Streptomyces nodosus ATCC14899. Amphotericin B is a potent antifungal antibiotic and has activity against some viruses, protozoans and prions. Treatment of systemic fungal infections with amphotericin B is complicated by its low water-solubility and side effects which include severe nephrotoxicity. Analogues with improved properties could be generated by manipulating amphotericin biosynthetic genes in S. nodosus.                  Results:                       A large polyketide synthase gene cluster was cloned from total cellular DNA of S. nodosus. Nucleotide sequence analysis of 113193 bp of this region revealed six large polyketide synthase genes as well as genes for two cytochrome P450 enzymes, two ABC transporter proteins, and genes involved in biosynthesis and attachment of mycosamine. Phage KC515-mediated gene disruption was used to show that this region is involved in amphotericin production.                  Conclusions:                       The availability of these genes and the development of a method for gene disruption and replacement in S. nodosus should allow production of novel amphotericins. A panel of analogues could lead to identification of derivatives with increased solubility, improved biological activity and reduced toxicity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of anatoxin-a and analogues (anatoxins) in cyanobacteria Abstract: Freshwater cyanobacteria produce secondary metabolites that are toxic to humans and animals, the so-called cyanotoxins. Among them, anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a are potent neurotoxins that are agonists of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. These alkaloids provoke a rapid death if ingested at low doses. Recently, the cluster of genes responsible for the biosynthesis of these toxins, the ana cluster, has been identified in Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506, and a biosynthetic pathway was proposed. This biosynthesis was reconstituted in vitro using purified enzymes confirming the predicted pathway. One of the enzymes, AnaB a prolyl-acyl carrier protein oxidase, was crystallized and its three dimensional structure solved confirming its reaction mechanism. Three other ana clusters have now been identified and sequenced in other cyanobacteria. These clusters show similarities and some differences suggesting a common evolutionary origin. In particular, the cluster from Cylindrospermum stagnale PCC 7417, possesses an extra gene coding for an F420-dependent oxidoreductase that is likely involved in the biosynthesis of dihydroanatoxin-a. This review summarizes all these new data and discusses them in relation to the production of anatoxins in the environment.	1
Title: Structure of the prolyl-acyl carrier protein oxidase involved in the biosynthesis of the cyanotoxin anatoxin-a Abstract: Anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a are two potent cyanobacterial neurotoxins biosynthesized from L-proline by a short pathway involving polyketide synthases. Proline is first loaded onto AnaD, an acyl carrier protein, and prolyl-AnaD is then oxidized to 1-pyrroline-5-carboxyl-AnaD by a flavoprotein, AnaB. Three polyketide synthases then transform this imine into anatoxin-a or homoanatoxin-a. AnaB was crystallized in its holo form and its three-dimensional structure was determined by X-ray diffraction at 2.8 Å resolution. AnaB is a homotetramer and its fold is very similar to that of the acyl-CoA dehydrogenases (ACADs). The active-site base of AnaB, Glu244, superimposed very well with that of human isovaleryl-CoA dehydrogenase, confirming previous site-directed mutagenesis experiments and mechanistic proposals. The substrate-binding site of AnaB is small and is likely to be fitted for the pyrrolidine ring of proline. However, in contrast to ACADs, which use an electron-transport protein, AnaB uses molecular oxygen as the electron acceptor, as in acyl-CoA oxidases. Calculation of the solvent-accessible surface area around the FAD in AnaB and in several homologues showed that it is significantly larger in AnaB than in its homologues. A protonated histidine near the FAD in AnaB is likely to participate in oxygen activation. Furthermore, an array of water molecules detected in the AnaB structure suggests a possible path for molecular oxygen towards FAD. This is consistent with AnaB being an oxidase rather than a dehydrogenase. The structure of AnaB is the first to be described for a prolyl-ACP oxidase and it will contribute to defining the structural basis responsible for oxygen reactivity in flavoenzymes.	1
Title: Insights into the reaction mechanism of the prolyl-acyl carrier protein oxidase involved in anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a biosynthesis Abstract: Anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a are two potent cyanobacterial neurotoxins. We recently reported the identification of the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of these toxins as well as the in-vitro reconstitution of the first steps of this biosynthesis. We now report experimental evidence supporting the proposed reaction mechanism of AnaB, a flavoprotein homologous to acyl-CoA dehydrogenase. AnaB catalyzes the two-electron oxidation of prolyl-AnaD, which is proline linked to the acyl carrier protein holo-AnaD, to dehydroprolyl-AnaD using oxygen as the second substrate. AnaB is thus an oxidase. By using liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), we have identified and characterized dehydroprolyl-AnaD, the AnaB product. We estimated an apparent catalytic constant of 1 min(-1) for AnaB catalysis. We synthesized several deuterium-labeled prolines and enzymatically transformed them into their corresponding prolyl-AnaD. These deuterium-labeled prolyl-AnaDs were oxidized in the presence of AnaB, and the deuterium labeling in the remaining substrate and in the product was determined by LC-MS/MS. The data supported a reaction mechanism starting with a rapid enolization followed by a slow oxidation to give the conjugated imine, which in turn was isomerized to pyrroline-5-carboxyl-AnaD. We also showed that cis- and trans-4-fluoro-L-prolyl-AnaD and 3,4-dehydro-L-prolyl-AnaD were transformed into pyrrole-2-carboxyl-AnaD by AnaB. Thus, the 4-fluoro-analogues experienced a β-elimination supporting the AnaB-catalyzed aza-allylic isomerization. We identified by sequence alignment the AnaB active site base, Glu244. We produced, purified, and characterized the E244A AnaB mutant, which is inactive, supporting the catalytic role of E244 as a base.	1
Title: The genome sequence of the cyanobacterium Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506 reveals several gene clusters responsible for the biosynthesis of toxins and secondary metabolites Abstract: We report a draft sequence of the genome of Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506, a cyanobacterium that produces anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a, two neurotoxins, and cylindrospermopsin, a cytotoxin. Beside the clusters of genes responsible for the biosynthesis of these toxins, we have found other clusters of genes likely involved in the biosynthesis of not-yet-identified secondary metabolites.	1
Title: In vitro reconstitution of the first steps of anatoxin-a biosynthesis in Oscillatoria PCC 6506: from free L-proline to acyl carrier protein bound dehydroproline Abstract: Anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a are two potent cyanobacterial neurotoxins. We recently reported the identification of the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of these toxins in cyanobacteria and proposed a biosynthetic scheme starting from L-proline and involving three polyketide synthases for which the starter would be (S)-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate bound to an acyl carrier protein, AnaD. We now report the in vitro reconstitution of the first steps of this biosynthesis in Oscillatoria PCC 6506. We identified in PCC 6506 the gene coding for an Sfp-like phosphopantetheinyl transferase and purified the gene product, OsPPT, that catalyzed the transfer of the phosphopantetheinyl arm to the serine 41 of AnaD. The pure adenylation protein AnaC loaded L-proline on holo-AnaD and was specific for L-proline (K(m) = 0.97 mM, k(cat) = 68 min(-1)) among the 20 natural amino acids. Among six close structural analogues of L-proline, including (S)-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate, we only found 3,4-dehydro-L-proline to be an alternate substrate for AnaC (K(m) = 1.5 mM, k(cat) = 29 min(-1)). The putative prolyl-AnaD dehydrogenase, AnaB, purified to homogeneity as a histidine-tagged protein, showed an absorption spectrum characteristic of FAD-containing proteins. It oxidized prolyl-AnaD to dehydroprolyl-AnaD as shown by tryptic digestion of the protein followed by liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry. Alignment of the amino acid sequence of this dehydrogenase with related enzymes showed that AnaB belongs to the acyl-CoA dehydrogenase superfamily and thus probably catalyzes an alpha-beta-dehydrogenation of the thioester-bound proline followed by an aza-allylic isomerization to yield (S)-pyrroline-5-carboxyl-AnaD, the proposed starter for the subsequent polyketide synthase, AnaE.	1
Title: Evidence that biosynthesis of the neurotoxic alkaloids anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a in the cyanobacterium Oscillatoria PCC 6506 occurs on a modular polyketide synthase initiated by L-proline Abstract: Anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a are potent neurotoxins produced by cyanobacteria such as Oscillatoria PCC 6506. Sequencing of the genome of this strain is underway, and we have identified a 29 kb DNA fragment containing a sequence called ks2 that we previously showed to be specific to Oscillatoria cyanobacteria producing anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a. Bioinformatic analysis of this 29 kb fragment revealed a cluster of genes, which were annotated. The function assigned to the products of eight contiguous genes, from anaA to anaH, provides a clue to the biosynthesis of anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a. Proline is first loaded on an acyl carrier protein and its five-membered cycle oxidized to the pyrroline oxidation state. This activated ring is then successively loaded on three polyketide synthase modules for elongation, reduction, cyclization, and methylation. The final step is the hydrolysis of the thioester with subsequent decarboxylation. GC-MS and NMR analyses of homoanatoxin-a produced by PCC 6506 using labeled precursors confirm that proline is very likely the starter of these polyketide synthases. Using specific PCR amplifications, we have also shown that the anaC, anaE, anaF, and anaG genes are always present in the genome of cyanobacteria producing anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a and absent in nonproducing strains. Histidine-tagged AnaC was purified to homogeneity and showed to catalyze the loading of proline on purified histidine-tagged AnaD that had been previously transformed into its holo form using the Bacillus subtilis Sfp phosphopantetheinyl transferase. All of these data provide strong evidence that we have successfully identified the gene cluster responsible for the production of anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a in Oscillatoria PCC 6506.	1
Title: Identification of a polyketide synthase coding sequence specific for anatoxin-a-producing Oscillatoria cyanobacteria Abstract: We report the identification of a sequence from the genome of Oscillatoria sp. strain PCC 6506 coding for a polyketide synthase. Using 50 axenic cyanobacteria, we found this sequence only in the genomes of Oscillatoria strains producing anatoxin-a or homoanatoxin-a, indicating its likely involvement in the biosynthesis of these toxins.	1
Title: Anatoxin-a synthetase gene cluster of the cyanobacterium Anabaena sp. strain 37 and molecular methods to detect potential producers Abstract: Cyanobacterial mass occurrences are common in fresh and brackish waters. They pose a threat to water users due to toxins frequently produced by the cyanobacterial species present. Anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a are neurotoxins synthesized by various cyanobacteria, e.g., Anabaena, Oscillatoria, and Aphanizomenon. The biosynthesis of these toxins and the genes involved in anatoxin production were recently described for Oscillatoria sp. strain PCC 6506 (A. Méjean et al., J. Am. Chem. Soc. 131:7512-7513, 2009). In this study, we identified the anatoxin synthetase gene cluster (anaA to anaG and orf1; 29 kb) in Anabaena sp. strain 37. The gene (81.6% to 89.2%) and amino acid (78.8% to 86.9%) sequences were highly similar to those of Oscillatoria sp. PCC 6506, while the organization of the genes differed. Molecular detection methods for potential anatoxin-a and homoanatoxin-a producers of the genera Anabaena, Aphanizomenon, and Oscillatoria were developed by designing primers to recognize the anaC gene. Anabaena and Oscillatoria anaC genes were specifically identified in several cyanobacterial strains by PCR. Restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) analysis of the anaC amplicons enabled simultaneous identification of three producer genera: Anabaena, Oscillatoria, and Aphanizomenon. The molecular methods developed in this study revealed the presence of both Anabaena and Oscillatoria as potential anatoxin producers in Finnish fresh waters and the Baltic Sea; they could be applied for surveys of these neurotoxin producers in other aquatic environments.	1
Title: Improving the coverage of the cyanobacterial phylum using diversity-driven genome sequencing Abstract: The cyanobacterial phylum encompasses oxygenic photosynthetic prokaryotes of a great breadth of morphologies and ecologies; they play key roles in global carbon and nitrogen cycles. The chloroplasts of all photosynthetic eukaryotes can trace their ancestry to cyanobacteria. Cyanobacteria also attract considerable interest as platforms for "green" biotechnology and biofuels. To explore the molecular basis of their different phenotypes and biochemical capabilities, we sequenced the genomes of 54 phylogenetically and phenotypically diverse cyanobacterial strains. Comparison of cyanobacterial genomes reveals the molecular basis for many aspects of cyanobacterial ecophysiological diversity, as well as the convergence of complex morphologies without the acquisition of novel proteins. This phylum-wide study highlights the benefits of diversity-driven genome sequencing, identifying more than 21,000 cyanobacterial proteins with no detectable similarity to known proteins, and foregrounds the diversity of light-harvesting proteins and gene clusters for secondary metabolite biosynthesis. Additionally, our results provide insight into the distribution of genes of cyanobacterial origin in eukaryotic nuclear genomes. Moreover, this study doubles both the amount and the phylogenetic diversity of cyanobacterial genome sequence data. Given the exponentially growing number of sequenced genomes, this diversity-driven study demonstrates the perspective gained by comparing disparate yet related genomes in a phylum-wide context and the insights that are gained from it.	1
Title: Engineered biosynthesis of hybrid macrolide polyketides containing D-angolosamine and D-mycaminose moieties Abstract: The glycosylation of natural product scaffolds with highly modified deoxysugars is often essential for their biological activity, being responsible for specific contacts to molecular targets and significantly affecting their pharmacokinetic properties. In order to provide tools for the targeted alteration of natural product glycosylation patterns, significant strides have been made to understand the biosynthesis of activated deoxysugars and their transfer. We report here efforts towards the production of plasmid-borne biosynthetic gene cassettes capable of producing TDP-activated forms of D-mycaminose, D-angolosamine and D-desosamine. We additionally describe the transfer of these deoxysugars to macrolide aglycones using the glycosyl transferases EryCIII, TylMII and AngMII, which display usefully broad substrate tolerance.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the maytansinoid antitumor agent ansamitocin from Actinosynnema pretiosum Abstract: Maytansinoids are potent antitumor agents found in plants and microorganisms. To elucidate their biosynthesis at the biochemical and genetic level and to set the stage for their structure modification through genetic engineering, we have cloned two gene clusters required for the biosynthesis of the maytansinoid, ansamitocin, from a cosmid library of Actinosynnema pretiosum ssp. auranticum ATCC 31565. This is a rare case in which the genes involved in the formation of a secondary metabolite are dispersed in separate regions in an Actinomycete. A set of genes, asm22-24, asm43-45, and asm47, was identified for the biosynthesis of the starter unit, 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid (AHBA). Remarkably, there are two AHBA synthase gene homologues, which may have different functions in AHBA formation. Four type I polyketide synthase genes, asmA-D, followed by the downloading asm9, together encode eight homologous sets of enzyme activities (modules), each catalyzing a specific round of chain initiation, elongation, or termination steps, which assemble the ansamitocin polyketide backbone. Another set of genes, asm13-17, encodes the formation of an unusual "methoxymalonate" polyketide chain extension unit that, notably, seems to be synthesized on a dedicated acyl carrier protein rather than as a CoA thioester. Additional ORFs are involved in postsynthetic modifications of the initial polyketide synthase product, which include methylations, an epoxidation, an aromatic chlorination, and the introduction of acyl and carbamoyl groups. Tentative functions of several asm genes were confirmed by inactivation and heterologous expression.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Apoptolidins in Nocardiopsis sp. FU 40 Abstract: The apoptolidins are 20/21-membered macrolides produced by Nocardiopsis sp. FU40. Several members of this family are potent and remarkably selective inducers of apoptosis in cancer cell lines, likely via a distinct mitochondria associated target. To investigate the biosynthesis of this natural product, the complete genome of the apoptolidin producer Nocardiopsis sp. FU40 was sequenced and a 116 Kb region was identified containing a putative apoptolidin biosynthetic gene cluster. The apoptolidin gene cluster comprises a type I polyketide synthase, with 13 homologating modules, apparently initiated in an unprecedented fashion via transfer from a methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein loading module. Spanning approximately 39 open reading frames, the gene cluster was cloned into a series of overlapping cosmids and functionally validated by targeted gene disruption experiments in the producing organism. Disruption of putative PKS and P(450) genes delineated the roles of these genes in apoptolidin biosynthesis and chemical complementation studies demonstrated intact biosynthesis peripheral to the disrupted genes. This work provides insight into details of the biosynthesis of this biologically significant natural product and provides a basis for future mutasynthetic methods for the generation of non-natural apopotolidins.	1
Title: A gene cluster containing two fungal polyketide synthases encodes the biosynthetic pathway for a polyketide, asperfuranone, in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: The genome sequencing of Aspergillus species including A. nidulans reveals that the products of many of the secondary metabolism pathways in these fungi have not been elucidated. Our examination of the 27 polyketide synthases (PKS) in A. nidulans revealed that one highly reduced PKS (HR-PKS, AN1034.3) and one nonreduced PKS (NR-PKS, AN1036.3) are located next to each other in the genome. Since no known A. nidulans secondary metabolites could be produced by two PKS enzymes, we hypothesized that this cryptic gene cluster produces an unknown natural product. Indeed after numerous attempts we found that the products from this cluster could not be detected under normal laboratory culture conditions in wild type strains. Closer examination of the gene cluster revealed a gene with high homology to a citrinin biosynthesis transcriptional activator (CtnR, 32% identity/47% similarity), a fungal transcription activator located next to the two PKSs. We replaced the promoter of the transcription activator with the inducible alcA promoter, which enabled the production of a novel polyketide that we have named asperfuranone. A series of gene deletions has allowed us to confirm that the two PKSs together with five additional genes comprise the asperfuranone biosynthetic pathway and leads us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for asperfuranone. Our results confirm and substantiate the potential to discover novel compounds even from a well-studied fungus by using a genomic mining approach.	1
Title: From genetic diversity to metabolic unity: studies on the biosynthesis of aurafurones and aurafuron-like structures in myxobacteria and streptomycetes Abstract: The myxobacterial polyketide secondary metabolites aurafuron A and B were identified by genome mining in the myxobacterial strain Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1. The compounds contain an unusual furanone moiety and resemble metabolites isolated from soil-dwelling and marine actinobacteria, a fungus and mollusks. We describe here the cloning and functional analysis of the aurafuron biosynthetic gene cluster, including site-directed mutagenesis and feeding studies using labeled precursors. The polyketide core of the aurafurones is assembled by a modular polyketide synthase (PKS). As with many such systems described from myxobacteria, the aurafuron PKS exhibits a number of unusual features, including the apparent iterative use of a module, redundant modules and domains, a trans acting dehydratase and the absence of a terminal thioesterase domain. Four oxidoreductases are encoded within the gene locus, some of which likely participate in formation of the furanone moiety via a Baeyer-Villiger type oxidation. Indeed, inactivation of a gene encoding a cytochrome P(450) monooxygenase completely abolished production of both compounds. We also compare the complete gene locus to biosynthetic gene clusters from two Streptomyces sp., which produce close structural analogues of the aurafurones. A portion of the post-PKS biosynthetic machinery is strikingly similar in all three cases, in contrast to the PKS genes, which are highly divergent. Phylogenetic analysis of the ketosynthase domains further indicates that the PKSs have developed independently (polyphyletically) during evolution. These findings point to a currently unknown but important biological function of aurafuron-like compounds for the producing organisms.	1
Title: Iteration as programmed event during polyketide assembly; molecular analysis of the aureothin biosynthesis gene cluster Abstract: Analysis of the type I modular polyketide synthase (PKS) involved in the biosynthesis of the rare nitroaryl polyketide metabolite aureothin (aur) from Streptomyces thioluteus HKI-227 has revealed only four modules to catalyze the five polyketide chain extensions required. By heterologous expression of the aur PKS cluster, direct evidence was obtained that these modules were sufficient to support aureothin biosynthesis. It appears that one module catalyzes two successive cycles of chain extension, one of the first examples of a PKS in which such iteration or "stuttering" is required to produce the normal polyketide product. In addition, lack of a specified loading domain implicates a novel PKS priming mechanism involving the unique p-nitrobenzoate starter unit. The 27 kb aur gene cluster also encodes a novel N-oxidase, which may represent the first member of a new family of such enzymes.	1
Title: Biosynthetic origin of the rare nitroaryl moiety of the polyketide antibiotic aureothin: involvement of an unprecedented N-oxygenase Abstract: The antibiotic aureothin is a rare natural nitroaromatic compound produced by Streptomyces thioluteus. By labeling experiments, we demonstrate for the first time that p-nitrobenzoate (PNBA) serves as a polyketide synthase starter unit. Cloning, heterologous expression, and inactivation experiments reveal that this unusual primer is synthesized from p-aminobenzoate (PABA) by means of AurF, a novel N-oxygenase.	1
Title: Formation of the aureothin tetrahydrofuran ring by a bifunctional cytochrome p450 monooxygenase Abstract: The polyketide antibiotic aureothin, produced by Streptomyces thioluteus, is equipped with a rare exomethylene-tetrahydrofuran moiety. Cloning, heterologous expression, and inactivation experiments reveal that AurH, a bifunctional cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, is required and sufficient for the stereoselective synthesis of the furan ring, involving the subsequent formation of two new C-O bonds.	1
Title: Functional analysis of the aureothin iterative type I polyketide synthase Abstract: The modular-type polyketide synthase (PKS) that is involved in aureothin (aur) biosynthesis represents one of the first examples in which a single PKS module (AurA) is used in an iterative fashion. Here we report on the heterologous expression of an engineered AurAB fusion protein that unequivocally proves the iterative nature of AurA. In addition, point mutations reveal that aur PKS module 4 participates in polyketide biosynthesis despite its aberrant acyltransferase domain.	1
Title: Non-colinear polyketide biosynthesis in the aureothin and neoaureothin pathways: an evolutionary perspective Abstract: Aureothin and neoaureothin (spectinabilin) represent rare nitroaryl-substituted polyketide metabolites from Streptomyces thioluteus and Streptomyces orinoci, respectively, which only differ in the lengths of the polyene backbones. Cloning and sequencing of the 39 kb neoaureothin (nor) biosynthesis gene cluster and its comparison with the aureothin (aur) pathway genes revealed that both polyketide synthase (PKS) assembly lines are remarkably similar. In both cases the module architecture breaks with the principle of colinearity, as individual PKS modules are used in an iterative fashion. Parsimony and neighbour-joining phylogenetic studies provided insights into the evolutionary process that led to the programming of these unusual type I PKS systems and to prediction of which modules act iteratively. The iterative function of the first module in the neoaureothin pathway, NorA, was confirmed by a successful cross-complementation.	1
Title: Structure and action of the N-oxygenase AurF from Streptomyces thioluteus Abstract: Nitro groups are found in a number of bioactive compounds. Most of them arise by a stepwise mono-oxygenation of amino groups. One of the involved enzymes is AurF participating in the biosynthesis of aureothin. Its structure was established at 2.1 A resolution showing a homodimer with a binuclear manganese cluster. The enzyme preparation, which yielded the analyzed crystals, showed activity using in vitro and in vivo assays. Chain fold and cluster are homologous with ribonucleotide reductase subunit R2 and related enzymes. The two manganese ions and an iron content of about 15% were established by anomalous X-ray diffraction. A comparison of the cluster with more common di-iron clusters suggested an additional histidine in the coordination sphere to cause the preference for manganese over iron. There is no oxo-bridge. The substrate p-amino-benzoate was modeled into the active center. The model is supported by mutant activity measurements. It shows the geometry of the reaction and explains the established substrate spectrum.	1
Title: In vitro reconstitution and crystal structure of p-aminobenzoate N-oxygenase (AurF) involved in aureothin biosynthesis Abstract: p-Aminobenzoate N-oxygenase (AurF) from Streptomyces thioluteus catalyzes the formation of unusual polyketide synthase starter unit p-nitrobenzoic acid (pNBA) from p-aminobenzoic acid (pABA) in the biosynthesis of antibiotic aureothin. AurF is a metalloenzyme, but its native enzymatic activity has not been demonstrated in vitro, and its catalytic mechanism is unclear. In addition, the nature of the cofactor remains a controversy. Here, we report the in vitro reconstitution of the AurF enzyme activity, the crystal structure of AurF in the oxidized state, and the cocrystal structure of AurF with its product pNBA. Our combined biochemical and structural analysis unequivocally indicates that AurF is a non-heme di-iron monooxygenase that catalyzes sequential oxidation of aminoarenes to nitroarenes via hydroxylamine and nitroso intermediates.	1
Title: Four-electron oxidation of p-hydroxylaminobenzoate to p-nitrobenzoate by a peroxodiferric complex in AurF from Streptomyces thioluteus Abstract: The nonheme di-iron oxygenase, AurF, converts p-aminobenzoate (Ar-NH(2), where Ar = 4-carboxyphenyl) to p-nitrobenzoate (Ar-NO(2)) in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic, aureothin, by Streptomyces thioluteus. It has been reported that this net six-electron oxidation proceeds in three consecutive, two-electron steps, through p-hydroxylaminobenzoate (Ar-NHOH) and p-nitrosobenzoate (Ar-NO) intermediates, with each step requiring one equivalent of O(2) and two exogenous reducing equivalents. We recently demonstrated that a peroxodiiron(III/III) complex (peroxo- -AurF) formed by addition of O(2) to the diiron(II/II) enzyme ( -AurF) effects the initial oxidation of Ar-NH(2), generating a mu-(oxo)diiron(III/III) form of the enzyme (mu-oxo- -AurF) and (presumably) Ar-NHOH. Here we show that peroxo- -AurF also oxidizes Ar-NHOH. Unexpectedly, this reaction proceeds through to the Ar-NO(2) final product, a four-electron oxidation, and produces -AurF, with which O(2) can combine to regenerate peroxo- -AurF. Thus, conversion of Ar-NHOH to Ar-NO(2) requires only a single equivalent of O(2) and (starting from -AurF or peroxo- -AurF) is fully catalytic in the absence of exogenous reducing equivalents, by contrast to the published stoichiometry. This novel type of four-electron N-oxidation is likely also to occur in the reaction sequences of nitro-installing di-iron amine oxygenases in the biosyntheses of other natural products.	1
Title: Interchenar retrotransfer of aureothin intermediates in an iterative polyketide synthase module Abstract: The course of the enigmatic iterative use of a polyketide synthase module was deduced from targeted domain inactivation in the aureothin assembly line. Mutational analyses revealed that the N-terminus of AurA is not involved in the iteration process, ruling out an ACP-ACP shuttle. Furthermore, an AurA(KS°, ACP°)-AurA(AT(0)) heterodimer proved to be nonfunctional, whereas aureothin production was restored in a ΔaurA mutant complemented with AurA(KS°)-AurA(ACP°). This finding supports a model according to which the ACP-bound polyketide intermediate is transferred back to the KS domain on the opposite PKS strand.	1
Title: Rational design of modular polyketide synthases: morphing the aureothin pathway into a luteoreticulin assembly line Abstract: The unusual nitro-substituted polyketides aureothin, neoaureothin (spectinabilin), and luteoreticulin, which are produced by diverse Streptomyces species, point to a joint evolution. Through rational genetic recombination and domain exchanges we have successfully reprogrammed the modular (type I) aur polyketide synthase (PKS) into a synthase that generates luteoreticulin. This is the first rational transformation of a modular PKS to produce a complex polyketide that was initially isolated from a different bacterium. A unique aspect of this synthetic biology approach is that we exclusively used genes from a single biosynthesis gene cluster to design the artificial pathway, an avenue that likely emulates natural evolutionary processes. Furthermore, an unexpected, context-dependent switch in the regiospecificity of a pyrone methyl transferase was observed. We also describe an unprecedented scenario where an AT domain iteratively loads an extender unit onto the cognate ACP and the downstream ACP. This aberrant function is a novel case of non-colinear behavior of PKS domains.	1
Title: Exploiting enzymatic promiscuity to engineer a focused library of highly selective antifungal and antiproliferative aureothin analogues Abstract: Aureothin is a shikimate-polyketide hybrid metabolite from Streptomyces thioluteus with a rare nitroaryl moiety, a chiral tetrahydrofuran ring, and an O-methylated pyrone ring. The antimicrobial and antitumor activities of aureothin have caught our interest in modulating its structure as well as its bioactivity profile. In an integrated approach using mutasynthesis, biotransformation, and combinatorial biosynthesis, a defined library of aureothin analogues was generated. The promiscuity of the polyketide synthase assembly line toward different starter units and the plasticity of the pyrone and tetrahydrofuran ring formation were exploited. A selection of 15 new aureothin analogues with modifications at the aryl residue, the pyrone ring, and the oxygenated backbone was produced on a preparative scale and fully characterized. Remarkably, various new aureothin derivatives are less cytotoxic than aureothin but have improved antiproliferative activities. Furthermore, we found that the THF ring is crucial for the remarkably selective activity of aureothin analogues against certain pathogenic fungi.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyketide anthelmintic macrolide avermectin in Streptomyces avermitilis Abstract: Analysis of the gene cluster from Streptomyces avermitilis that governs the biosynthesis of the polyketide anthelmintic avermectin revealed that it contains four large ORFs encoding giant multifunctional polypeptides of the avermectin polyketide synthase (AVES 1, AVES 2, AVES 3, and AVES 4). These clustered polyketide synthase genes responsible for avermectin biosynthesis together encode 12 homologous sets of enzyme activities (modules), each catalyzing a specific round of polyketide chain elongation. The clustered genes encoding polyketide synthase are organized as two sets of six modular repeats, aveA1-aveA2 and aveA3-aveA4, which are convergently transcribed. The total of 55 constituent active sites makes this the most complex multifunctional enzyme system identified to date. The sequenced DNA region contains 14 additional ORFs, some of which encode polypeptides governing other key steps in avermectin biosynthesis. Between the two sets of polyketide synthase genes lie two genes involved in postpolyketide modification, one of which encodes cynthochrome P450 hydroxylase that probably catalyzes furan ring formation at C6 to C8a. Immediately right of the large polyketide synthase genes is a set of genes involved in oleandrose biosynthesis and its transglycosylation to polyketide-derived aglycons. This cluster includes nine genes, but one is not functional in the biosynthesis of avermectin. On the left side of polyketide synthase genes, two ORFs encoding methyltransferase and nonpolyketide synthase ketoreductase involved in postpolyketide modification are located to the left of the polyketide synthase genes, and an adjacent gene encodes a regulatory function that may be involved in activation of the transcription of avermectin biosynthetic genes.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the orthosomycin antibiotic avilamycin A: deductions from the molecular analysis of the avi biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57 and production of new antibiotics Abstract: Background:                       Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57 is the producer of avilamycin A. The antibiotic consists of a heptasaccharide side chain and a polyketide-derived dichloroisoeverninic acid as aglycone. Molecular cloning and characterization of the genes governing the avilamycin A biosynthesis is of major interest as this information might set the direction for the development of new antimicrobial agents.                  Results:                       A 60-kb section of the S. viridochromogenes Tü57 chromosome containing genes involved in avilamycin biosynthesis was sequenced. Analysis of the DNA sequence revealed 54 open reading frames. Based on the putative function of the gene products a model for avilamycin biosynthesis is proposed. Inactivation of aviG4 and aviH, encoding a methyltransferase and a halogenase, respectively, prevented the mutant strains from producing the complete dichloroisoeverninic acid moiety resulting in the accumulation of new antibiotics named gavibamycins.                  Conclusions:                       The avilamycin A biosynthetic gene cluster represents an interesting system to study the formation and attachment of unusual deoxysugars. Several enzymes putatively responsible for specific steps of this pathway could be assigned. Two genes encoding enzymes involved in post-PKS tailoring reactions were deleted allowing the production of new analogues of avilamycin A.	1
Title: Analysis of a C-methyltransferase gene (aviG1) involved in avilamycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57 and complementation of a Saccharopolyspora erythraea eryBIII mutant by aviG1 Abstract: Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57 is the principal producer of avilamycin A. aviG1, a putative methyltransferase gene, was detected in the avilamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. To determine the function of aviG1, a targeted gene inactivation experiment was performed. The resulting chromosomal mutant, carrying an in-frame deletion in aviG1, was deficient in avilamycin production. aviG1 was used to complement an eryBIII mutant of the erythromycin A producer Saccharopolyspora erythraea [Gaisser, S., Bohm, G. A., Doumith, M., Raynal, M. C., Dhillon, N., Cortes, J. & Leadlay, P. F. (1998). Mol Gen Genet 258, 78-88]. The presence of erythromycin A in the culture supernatant of the complemented mutant indicated that L-mycarose biosynthesis could be restored and that AviG1 could take over the function of the C-methyltransferase EryBIII.	1
Title: Novel avilamycin derivatives with improved polarity generated by targeted gene disruption Abstract: The oligosaccharide antibiotics avilamycin A and C are produced by Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tu57. Both consist of a heptasaccharide chain, which is attached to a polyketide-derived dichloroisoeverninic acid moiety. They show excellent antibiotic activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Both molecules are modified by O-methylation at different positions, which contributes to poor water solubility and difficulties in galenical drug development. In order to generate novel avilamycin derivatives with improved polarity and improved pharmacokinetic properties, we generated a series of mutants with one, two, or three mutated methyltransferase genes. Based on the structure of the novel avilamycin derivatives, the exact function of three methyltransferases, AviG2, AviG5, and AviG6, involved in avilamycin biosynthesis could be assigned.	1
Title: Genes involved in formation and attachment of a two-carbon chain as a component of eurekanate, a branched-chain sugar moiety of avilamycin A Abstract: Eurekanate belongs to the important class of branched-chain carbohydrates present in a wide variety of natural sources. It is a component of avilamycin A, a potent inhibitor of bacterial protein synthesis targeting the 50S ribosomal subunit. The present work provides experimental proof for the function of two genes of the avilamycin biosynthetic gene cluster, aviB1 and aviO2, that are both involved in avilamycin structure modification. The functions of both genes were identified by gene inactivation experiments and nuclear magnetic resonance analyses of extracts produced by the mutants. We suggest that both AviO2 and AviB1 are involved in the biosynthesis of eurekanate within avilamycin biosynthesis. Moreover, two other genes (aviO1 and aviO3) have been inactivated, resulting in a breakdown of avilamycin production in the mutants ITO1 and ITO3, which clearly shows the essential role of both enzymes in avilamycin biosynthesis. The exact functions of both aviO1 and aviO3 remained unknown.	1
Title: Genes encoding enzymes responsible for biosynthesis of L-lyxose and attachment of eurekanate during avilamycin biosynthesis Abstract: The oligosaccharide antibiotic avilamycin A is composed of a polyketide-derived dichloroisoeverninic acid moiety attached to a heptasaccharide chain consisting of six hexoses and one unusual pentose moiety. We describe the generation of mutant strains of the avilamycin producer defective in different sugar biosynthetic genes. Inactivation of two genes (aviD and aviE2) resulted in the breakdown of the avilamycin biosynthesis. In contrast, avilamycin production was not influenced in an aviP mutant. Inactivation of aviGT4 resulted in a mutant that accumulated a novel avilamycin derivative lacking the terminal eurekanate residue. Finally, AviE2 was expressed in Escherichia coli and the gene product was characterized biochemically. AviE2 was shown to convert UDP-D-glucuronic acid to UDP-D-xylose, indicating that the pentose residue of avilamycin A is derived from D-glucose and not from D-ribose. Here we report a UDP-D-glucuronic acid decarboxylase in actinomycetes.	1
Title: The active conformation of avilamycin A is conferred by AviX12, a radical AdoMet enzyme Abstract: The antibiotic avilamycin A is produced by Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57. Avilamycin belongs to the family of orthosomycins with a linear heptasaccharide chain linked to a terminal dichloroisoeverninic acid as aglycone. The gene cluster for avilamycin biosynthesis contains 54 open reading frames. Inactivation of one of these genes, namely aviX12, led to the formation of a novel avilamycin derivative named gavibamycin N1. The structure of the new metabolite was confirmed by mass spectrometry (MS) and NMR analysis. It harbors glucose as a component of the heptasaccharide chain instead of a mannose moiety in avilamycin A. Antibacterial activity tests against a spectrum of Gram-positive organisms showed that the new derivative possesses drastically decreased biological activity in comparison to avilamycin A. Thus, AviX12 seems to be implicated in converting avilamycin to its bioactive conformation by catalyzing an unusual epimerization reaction. Sequence comparisons grouped AviX12 in the radical S-adenosylmethionine protein family. AviX12 engineered with a His tag was overexpressed in Escherichia coli and purified by affinity chromatography. The iron sulfur cluster [Fe-S] present in radical AdoMet enzymes was detected in purified AviX12 by means of electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy.	1
Title: Insights into the synthesis of lipopolysaccharide and antibiotics through the structures of two retaining glycosyltransferases from family GT4 Abstract: Glycosyltransferases (GTs) catalyze the synthesis of the myriad glycoconjugates that are central to life. One of the largest families is GT4, which contains several enzymes of therapeutic significance, exemplified by WaaG and AviGT4. WaaG catalyses a key step in lipopolysaccharide synthesis, while AviGT4, produced by Streptomyces viridochromogenes, contributes to the synthesis of the antibiotic avilamycin A. Here we present the crystal structure of both WaaG and AviGT4. The two enzymes contain two "Rossmann-like" (beta/alpha/beta) domains characteristic of the GT-B fold. Both recognition of the donor substrate and the catalytic machinery is similar to other retaining GTs that display the GT-B fold. Structural information is discussed with respect to the evolution of GTs and the therapeutic significance of the two enzymes.	1
Title: Structure and function of the antibiotic resistance-mediating methyltransferase AviRb from Streptomyces viridochromogenes Abstract: The emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains is a widespread problem in medical practice and drug design, and each case requires the elucidation of the underlying mechanism. AviRb from Streptomyces viridochromogenes methylates the 2'-O atom of U2479 of the 23S ribosomal RNA in Gram-positive bacteria and thus mediates resistance to the oligosaccharide (orthosomycin) antibiotic avilamycin. The structure of AviRb with and without bound cofactor S-adenosyl-L-methionine (AdoMet) was determined, showing that it is a homodimer belonging to the SpoU family within the SPOUT class of methyltransferases. The relationships within this class were analyzed in detail and, in addition, a novel fourth SpoU sequence fingerprint is proposed. Each subunit of AviRb consists of two domains. The N-terminal domain, being related to the ribosomal proteins L30 and L7Ae, is likely to bind RNA. The C-terminal domain is related to all SPOUT methyltransferases, and is responsible for AdoMet-binding, catalysis and dimerization. The cofactor binds at the characteristic knot of the polypeptide in an unusually bent conformation. The transferred methyl group points to a broad cleft formed with the L30-type domain of the other subunit. Measurements of mutant activity revealed four important residues responsible for catalysis and allowed the modeling of a complex between AviRb and the RNA target. The model includes a specificity pocket for uracil but does not contain a base for deprotonating the 2'-O atom of U2479 on methylation.	1
Title: The avilamycin resistance determinants AviRa and AviRb methylate 23S rRNA at the guanosine 2535 base and the uridine 2479 ribose Abstract: Avilamycin is an orthosomycin antibiotic that has shown considerable potential for clinical use, although it is presently used as a growth promoter in animal feed. Avilamycin inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunit. The ribosomes of the producer strain, Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57, are protected from the drug by the action of three resistance factors located in the avilamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Two of the resistance factors, aviRa and aviRb, encode rRNA methyltransferases that specifically target 23S rRNA. Recombinant AviRa and AviRb proteins retain their activity after purification, and both specifically methylate in vitro transcripts of 23S rRNA domain V. Reverse transcriptase primer extension indicated that AviRa is an N-methyltransferase that targets G2535 within helix 91 of the rRNA, whereas AviRb modified the 2'-O-ribose position of nucleotide U2479 within helix 89. MALDI mass spectrometry confirmed the exact positions of each of these modifications, and additionally established that a single methyl group is added at each nucleotide. Neither of these two nucleotides have previously been described as a target for enzymatic methylation. Molecular models of the 50S subunit crystal structure show that the N-1 of the G2535 base and the 2'-hydroxyl of U2479 are separated by approximately 10 A, a distance that can be spanned by avilamycin. In addition to defining new resistance mechanisms, these data refine our understanding of the probable ribosome contacts made by orthosomycins and of how these antibiotics inhibit protein synthesis.	1
Title: Evernimicin binds exclusively to the 50S ribosomal subunit and inhibits translation in cell-free systems derived from both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria Abstract: Evernimicin (SCH 27899) is a new antibiotic with activity against a wide spectrum of gram-positive bacteria and activity against some gram-negative bacteria. Previous metabolic labeling studies indicated that evernimicin specifically inhibited protein synthesis in Staphylococcus aureus. Using a susceptible Escherichia coli strain, we demonstrated that evernimicin also inhibited protein synthesis in E. coli. In cell-free translation assays with extracts from either E. coli or S. aureus, evernimicin had a 50% inhibitory concentration of approximately 125 nM. In contrast, cell-free systems derived from wheat germ and rabbit reticulocytes were inhibited only by very high levels of evernimicin. Evernimicin did not promote transcript misreading. [(14)C]evernimicin specifically bound to the 50S subunit from E. coli. Nonlinear regression analysis of binding data generated with 70S ribosomes from E. coli and S. aureus and 50S subunits from E. coli returned dissociation constants of 84, 86, and 160 nM, respectively. In binding experiments, performed in the presence of excess quantities of a selection of antibiotics known to bind to the 50S subunit, only the structurally similar drug avilamycin blocked binding of [(14)C]evernimicin to ribosomes.	1
Title: Genetic localization and in vivo characterization of a Monascus azaphilone pigment biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Monascus spp. produce several well-known polyketides such as monacolin K, citrinin, and azaphilone pigments. In this study, the azaphilone pigment biosynthetic gene cluster was identified through T-DNA random mutagenesis in Monascus purpureus. The albino mutant W13 bears a T-DNA insertion upstream of a transcriptional regulator gene (mppR1). The transcription of mppR1 and the nearby polyketide synthase gene (MpPKS5) was significantly repressed in the W13 mutant. Targeted inactivation of MpPKS5 also gave rise to an albino mutant, confirming that mppR1 and MpPKS5 belong to an azaphilone pigment biosynthetic gene cluster. This M. purpureus sequence was used to identify the whole biosynthetic gene cluster in the Monascus pilosus genome. MpPKS5 contains SAT/KS/AT/PT/ACP/MT/R domains, and this domain organization is preserved in other azaphilone polyketide synthases. This biosynthetic gene cluster also encodes fatty acid synthase (FAS), which is predicted to assist the synthesis of 3-oxooactanoyl-CoA and 3-oxodecanoyl-CoA. These 3-oxoacyl compounds are proposed to be incorporated into the azaphilone backbone to complete the pigment biosynthesis. A monooxygenase gene (an azaH and tropB homolog) that is located far downstream of the FAS gene is proposed to be involved in pyrone ring formation. A homology search on other fungal genome sequences suggests that this azaphilone pigment gene cluster also exists in the Penicillium marneffei and Talaromyces stipitatus genomes.	1
Title: Characterization of the bafilomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces lohii Abstract: New hope for old bones: The plecomacrolide bafilomycin has been explored for decades as an anti-osteoporotic. However, its structural complexity has limited the synthesis of analogues. The cloning of the bafilomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from the environmental isolate Streptomyces lohii opens the door to the production of new analogues through bioengineering.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of macrolactam BE-14106 involves two distinct PKS systems and amino acid processing enzymes for generation of the aminoacyl starter unit Abstract: BE-14106 is a macrocyclic lactam with an acyl side chain previously identified in a marine-derived Streptomyces sp. The gene cluster for BE-14106 biosynthesis was cloned from a Streptomyces strain newly isolated from marine sediments collected in the Trondheimsfjord (Norway). Bioinformatics and experimental analyses of the genes in the cluster suggested an unusual mechanism for assembly of the molecule. Biosynthesis of the aminoacyl starter apparently involves the concerted action of a distinct polyketide synthase (PKS) system and several enzymes that activate and process an amino acid. The resulting starter unit is loaded onto a second PKS complex, which completes the synthesis of the macrolactam ring. Gene inactivation experiments, enzyme assays with heterologously expressed proteins, and feeding studies supported the proposed model for the biosynthesis and provided new insights into the assembly of macrolactams with acyl side chain.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the angiogenesis inhibitor borrelidin by Streptomyces parvulus Tü4055: cluster analysis and assignment of functions Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the angiogenesis inhibitor borrelidin has been cloned from Streptomyces parvulus Tü4055. Sequence analysis indicates that the macrolide ring of borrelidin is formed by a modular polyketide synthase (PKS) (borA1-A6), a result that was confirmed by disruption of borA3. The borrelidin PKS is striking because only seven rather than the nine modules expected for a nonaketide product are encoded by borA1-A6. The starter unit of the PKS has been verified as trans-cyclopentane-1,2-dicarboxylic acid (trans-1,2-CPDA), and the genes involved in its biosynthesis identified. Other genes responsible for biosynthesis of the nitrile moiety, regulation, and self-resistance were also identified.	1
Title: Evidence from engineered gene fusions for the repeated use of a module in a modular polyketide synthase Abstract: Functional evidence for programmed loss of co-linearity on the borrelidin modular polyketide synthase (PKS) is presented.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the angiogenesis inhibitor borrelidin by Streptomyces parvulus Tü4055: insights into nitrile formation Abstract: The 18-membered polyketide macrolide borrelidin exhibits a number of important biological activities, including potent angiogenesis inhibition. This has prompted two recent total syntheses as well as the cloning of the biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces parvulus Tü4055. Borrelidin possesses some unusual structural characteristics, including a cyclopentane carboxylic acid moiety at C17 and a nitrile moiety at C12 of the macrocyclic ring. Nitrile groups are relatively rare in nature, and little is known of their biosynthesis during secondary metabolism. The nitrile group of borrelidin is shown here to arise from the methyl group of a methylmalonyl-CoA extender unit incorporated during polyketide chain extension. Insertional inactivation of two genes in the borrelidin gene cluster, borI (coding for a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase) and borJ (coding for an aminotransferase), generated borrelidin non-producing mutants. These mutants accumulated different compounds lacking the C12 nitrile moiety, with the product of the borI-minus mutant (12-desnitrile-12-methyl-borrelidin) possessing a methyl group and that of the borJ-minus mutant (12-desnitrile-12-carboxyl-borrelidin) a carboxyl group at C12. The former but not the latter was converted into borrelidin when biotransformed by an S. parvulus mutant that is deficient in the biosynthesis of the borrelidin starter unit. This suggests that 12-desnitrile-12-methyl-borrelidin is a competent biosynthetic intermediate, whereas the carboxylated derivative is a shunt metabolite. Bioconversion of 12-desnitrile-12-methyl-borrelidin into borrelidin was also achieved in a heterologous system co-expressing borI and borJ in Streptomyces albus J1074. This bioconversion was more efficient when borK, which is believed to encode a dehydrogenase, was simultaneously expressed with borI and borJ. On the basis of these findings, a pathway is proposed for the formation of the nitrile moiety during borrelidin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthesis gene cluster for the pyrrole polyether antibiotic calcimycin (A23187) in Streptomyces chartreusis NRRL 3882 Abstract: The pyrrole polyether antibiotic calcimycin (A23187) is a rare ionophore that is specific for divalent cations. It is widely used as a biochemical and pharmacological tool because of its multiple, unique biological effects. Here we report on the cloning, sequencing, and mutational analysis of the 64-kb biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces chartreusis NRRL 3882. Gene replacements confirmed the identity of the gene cluster, and in silico analysis of the DNA sequence revealed 27 potential genes, including 3 genes for the biosynthesis of the α-ketopyrrole moiety, 5 genes that encode modular type I polyketide synthases for the biosynthesis of the spiroketal ring, 4 genes for the biosynthesis of 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid, an N-methyltransferase tailoring gene, a resistance gene, a type II thioesterase gene, 3 regulatory genes, 4 genes with other functions, and 5 genes of unknown function. We propose a pathway for the biosynthesis of calcimycin and assign the genes to the biosynthesis steps. Our findings set the stage for producing much desired calcimycin derivatives using genetic modification instead of chemical synthesis.	1
Title: The calicheamicin gene cluster and its iterative type I enediyne PKS Abstract: The enediynes exemplify nature's ingenuity. We have cloned and characterized the biosynthetic locus coding for perhaps the most notorious member of the nonchromoprotein enediyne family, calicheamicin. This gene cluster contains an unusual polyketide synthase (PKS) that is demonstrated to be essential for enediyne biosynthesis. Comparison of the calicheamicin locus with the locus encoding the chromoprotein enediyne C-1027 reveals that the enediyne PKS is highly conserved among these distinct enediyne families. Contrary to previous hypotheses, this suggests that the chromoprotein and nonchromoprotein enediynes are generated by similar biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: Organizational and mutational analysis of a complete FR-008/candicidin gene cluster encoding a structurally related polyene complex Abstract: The complete gene cluster for biosynthesis of a polyene complex, FR-008, spans 137.2 kb of the genome of Streptomyces sp. FR-008 consisting of six genes for a modular PKS and 15 additional genes. The extensive similarity to the partially characterized candicidin gene cluster in Streptomyces griseus IMRU3570, especially for genes involved in mycosamine biosynthesis, prompted us to compare the compounds produced by Streptomyces sp. FR-008 and Streptomyces griseus IMRU3570, and we found that FR-008 and candicidin complex are identical. A model for biosynthesis of a set of four structurally related FR-008/candicidin compounds was proposed. Deletion of the putative regulatory genes abolished antibiotic production, while disruption of putative glycosyltransferase and GDP-ketosugar aminotransferase functionalities led to the productions of a set of nonmycosaminated aglycones and a novel polyene complex with attachment of altered sugar moiety, respectively.	1
Title: Chalcomycin biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces bikiniensis: novel features of an unusual ketolide produced through expression of the chm polyketide synthase in Streptomyces fradiae Abstract: Chalcomycin, a 16-membered macrolide antibiotic made by the bacterium Streptomyces bikiniensis, contains a 2,3-trans double bond and the neutral sugar D-chalcose in place of the amino sugar mycaminose found in most other 16-membered macrolides. Degenerate polyketide synthase (PKS)-specific primers were used to amplify DNA fragments from S. bikiniensis with very high identity to a unique ketosynthase domain of the tylosin PKS. The resulting amplimers were used to identify two overlapping cosmids encompassing the chm PKS. Sequencing revealed a contiguous segment of >60 kb carrying 25 putative genes for biosynthesis of the polyketide backbone, the two deoxysugars, and enzymes involved in modification of precursors of chalcomycin or resistance to it. The chm PKS lacks the ketoreductase and dehydratase domains in the seventh module expected to produce the 2,3-double bond in chalcomycin. Expression of PKS in the heterologous host Streptomyces fradiae, from which the tyl genes encoding the PKS had been removed, resulted in production of at least one novel compound, characterized as a 3-keto 16-membered macrolactone in equilibrium with its 3-trans enol tautomer and containing the sugar mycaminose at the C-5 position, in agreement with the structure predicted on the basis of the domain organization of the chm PKS. The production of a 3-keto macrolide from the chm PKS indicates that a discrete set of enzymes is responsible for the introduction of the 2,3-trans double bond in chalcomycin. From comparisons of the open reading frames to sequences in databases, a pathway for the synthesis of nucleoside diphosphate-D-chalcose was proposed.	1
Title: Genetic characterization of the chlorothricin gene cluster as a model for spirotetronate antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for chlorothricin (CHL) was localized to a 122 kb contiguous DNA from Streptomyces antibioticus DSM 40725, and its involvement in CHL biosynthesis was confirmed by gene inactivation and complementation. Bioinformatic analysis of the sequenced 111.989 kb DNA region revealed 42 open reading frames, 35 of which were defined to constitute the CHL gene cluster. An assembly model for CHL biosynthesis from D-olivose, 2-methoxy-5-chloro-6-methylsalicyclic acid, and chlorothricolide building blocks was proposed. This work represents cloning of a gene cluster for spirotetronate antibiotic biosynthesis and sets the stage to investigate the unusual macrolide biosynthesis including tandem Diels-Alder cyclizations, Baeyer-Villiger oxidation, and incorporation of an enoylpyruvate unit.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a bacterial iterative type I polyketide synthase gene encoding the 6-methylsalicyclic acid synthase Abstract: Unusual polyketide synthases (PKSs), that are structurally type I but act in an iterative manner for aromatic polyketide biosynthesis, are a new family found in bacteria. Here we report the cloning of the iterative type I PKS gene chlB1 from the chlorothricin (CHL) producer Streptomyces antibioticus DSM 40725 by a rapid PCR approach, and characterization of the function of the gene product as a 6-methylsalicyclic acid synthase (6-MSAS). Sequence analysis of various iterative type I PKSs suggests that the resulting aromatic or aliphatic structure of the products might be intrinsically determined by a catalytic feature of the paired KR-DH domains in the control of the double bond geometry. The finding of ChlB1 as a 6-MSAS not only enriches the current knowledge of aromatic polyketide biosynthesis in bacteria, but will also contribute to the generation of novel polyketide analogs via combinatorial biosynthesis with engineered PKSs.	1
Title: Insights into bacterial 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase and its engineering to orsellinic acid synthase for spirotetronate generation Abstract: The enzymes 6-methylsalicylic acid (6-MSA) synthases (6-MSASs) are involved in the building of an aryl moiety in many bioactive secondary metabolites produced by fungi and bacteria. Using the bacterial 6-MSAS ChlB1 in the biosynthesis of spirotetronate antibiotic chlorothricin (CHL) as a model, functional analysis of its dehydratase (DH) and ketoreductase (KR) domains by site-specific mutagenesis revealed that selective ketoreduction is not essential for polyketide chain extension. Promiscuity of the ketoacylsynthase domain in beta functionality recognition allows for engineering ChlB1 to an orsellinic acid (OSA) synthase (OSAS) by inactivating KR at the active site. The engineered ChlB1 is compatible with the enzymes for late-stage tailoring in CHL biosynthesis, featuring specific protein recognitions that facilitate variable aryl group incorporation. The resulting spirotetronates, which bear an OSA-derived aryl group, exhibited antibacterial activities comparable to those of the parent products.	1
Title: Identification and molecular genetic analysis of the cichorine gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: We recently demonstrated that the phytotoxin cichorine is produced by Aspergillus nidulans. Through a set of targeted deletions, we have found a cluster of seven genes that are required for its biosynthesis. Two of the deletions yielded molecules that give information about the biosynthesis of this metabolite.	1
Title: A cryptic type I polyketide synthase (cpk) gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: The chromosome of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), a model organism for the genus Streptomyces, contains a cryptic type I polyketide synthase (PKS) gene cluster which was revealed when the genome was sequenced. The ca. 54-kb cluster contains three large genes, cpkA, cpkB and cpkC, encoding the PKS subunits. In silico analysis showed that the synthase consists of a loading module, five extension modules and a unique reductase as a terminal domain instead of a typical thioesterase. All acyltransferase domains are specific for a malonyl extender, and have a B-type ketoreductase. Tailoring and regulatory genes were also identified within the gene cluster. Surprisingly, some genes show high similarity to primary metabolite genes not commonly identified in any antibiotic biosynthesis cluster. Using western blot analysis with a PKS subunit (CpkC) antibody, CpkC was shown to be expressed in S. coelicolor at transition phase. Disruption of cpkC gave no obvious phenotype.	1
Title: Deletion of a regulatory gene within the cpk gene cluster reveals novel antibacterial activity in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Genome sequencing of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) revealed an uncharacterized type I polyketide synthase gene cluster (cpk). Here we describe the discovery of a novel antibacterial activity (abCPK) and a yellow-pigmented secondary metabolite (yCPK) after deleting a presumed pathway-specific regulatory gene (scbR2) that encodes a member of the gamma-butyrolactone receptor family of proteins and which lies in the cpk gene cluster. Overproduction of yCPK and abCPK in a scbR2 deletion mutant, and the absence of the newly described compounds from cpk deletion mutants, suggest that they are products of the previously orphan cpk biosynthetic pathway in which abCPK is converted into the yellow pigment. Transcriptional analysis suggests that scbR2 may act in a negative feedback mechanism to eventually limit yCPK biosynthesis. The results described here represent a novel approach for the discovery of new, biologically active compounds.	1
Title: Type II thioesterase ScoT is required for coelimycin production by the modular polyketide synthase Cpk of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Type II thioesterases were shown to maintain efficiency of modular type I polyketide synthases and nonribosomal peptide synthetases by removing acyl residues blocking extension modules. We found that thioesterase ScoT from Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) is required for the production of the yellow-pigmented coelimycin by the modular polyketide synthase Cpk. No production of coelimycin was observed in cultures of scoT disruption mutant. Polyketide production was restored upon complementation with an intact copy of the scoT gene. An enzymatic assay showed that ScoT thioesterase can hydrolyse a 12-carbon acyl chain but the activity is too low to play a role in product release from the polyketide synthase. We conclude that ScoT is an editing enzyme necessary to maintain the activity of polyketide synthase Cpk. We provide a HPLC based method to measure the amount of coelimycin P2 in a culture medium.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and characterization of an ML-236B (compactin) biosynthetic gene cluster in Penicillium citrinum Abstract: Cloning of genes encoding polyketide synthases (PKSs) has allowed us to identify a gene cluster for ML-236B biosynthesis in Penicillium citrinum. Like lovastatin, which is produced by Aspergillus terreus, ML-236B (compactin) inhibits the enzyme 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. Genomic sequencing and Northern analysis showed that nine predicted genes for ML-236B biosynthesis were located within a 38-kb region and were transcribed when ML-236B was produced. The predicted amino acid sequences encoded by these nine genes, designated mlcA- mlcH and mlcR, were similar to those encoded by the genes for lovastatin synthesis, and were therefore assumed to be involved either directly or indirectly in ML-236B biosynthesis. Targeted disruption experiments provided evidence that two PKS genes in the cluster, mlcA and mlcB, are required for the biosynthesis of the nonaketide and the diketide moieties, respectively, of ML-236B, suggesting that the gene cluster as a whole is responsible for ML-236B biosynthesis in P. citrinum. Bioconversion of some of the predicted intermediates by an mlcA-disrupted mutant was also investigated in order to analyze the ML-236B biosynthetic pathway. The molecular organization of the gene cluster and proposed functions for the ML-236B biosynthetic genes in P. citrinum are described.	1
Title: Effect of increased dosage of the ML-236B (compactin) biosynthetic gene cluster on ML-236B production in Penicillium citrinum Abstract: The gene cluster responsible for ML-236B (compactin) biosynthesis has recently been characterized from P. citrinum No. 41520. Here, we describe how the ML-236B-producing strain was improved using a cosmid-mediated recombination technique. The introduction of the cosmid pML48, which contains seven of the nine ML-236B biosynthetic genes, into P. citrinum No. 41520 resulted in transformants which produced increased amounts of ML-236B. Southern analysis showed that pML48 had been incorporated by a homologous recombination event, and all high producers possessed two copies of each of the seven genes, mlcA- mlcF and mlcR, suggesting that increased dosage of the biosynthetic gene cluster was responsible for the enhanced production of ML-236B. On the other hand, various kinds of mutants with decreased titers of ML-236B were also obtained. Characterization of one such mutant, designated as T48.28, which was more sensitive to ML-236B than the parental strain, suggested that one of the ML-236B biosynthetic genes, mlcD, which encodes a putative HMG-CoA reductase, was involved in conferring resistance to ML-236B.	1
Title: Identification of the specific sequence recognized by Penicillium citrinum MlcR, a GAL4-type transcriptional activator of ML-236B (compactin) biosynthetic genes Abstract: MlcR is a pathway-specific transcriptional activator of the ML-236B biosynthetic genes in Penicillium citrinum. The MlcR-binding sequences were identified by an in vitro gel-shift assay and an in vivo reporter assay for the region between mlcA and mlcC as a model. The gel-shift assay showed that recombinant MlcR bound to the DNA sequence 5'-ACGGCGTTATTCGG-3' and most of the bases in this motif were required for the interaction between MlcR and DNA. In the reporter assay using beta-glucuronidase (GUS), substitution of the bases in this binding sequence resulted in the drastic reduction of GUS activities. These data clearly indicate that this MlcR-binding sequence is essential for the transcriptional activation of mlcA and mlcC in P. citrinum. Similar motifs were found in other loci of the ML-236B biosynthetic gene cluster and the consensus-binding motif for MlcR was predicted to be a direct repeat, 5'-WCGG-N(6)-TCGG-3'.	1
Title: Functional analysis of mlcR, a regulatory gene for ML-236B (compactin) biosynthesis in Penicillium citrinum Abstract: The mlcR gene encodes a putative 50.2-kDa protein with a Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) DNA-binding domain, which may be involved in the regulation of ML-236B biosynthesis in Penicillium citrinum. The induction of ML-236B production appears to correlate with the expression of mlcR, and the ML-236B biosynthetic genes mlcA- mlcH, and occurs mostly during the stationary phase. The present study was designed to examine the effects of alterations in mlcR expression on ML-236B biosynthesis. We first set out to increase the mlcR copy number in the chromosome of P. citrinum. Transformants with additional copies of native mlcR showed increased transcription of mlcR and produced larger amounts of ML-236B than the parent strain. Altered mlcR expression was also achieved by introducing a construct, designated pgkA(P)::mlcR, that contained the mlcR coding region fused to the (constitutively active) promoter and terminator sequences of the Aspergillus nidulans 3-phospho-glycerate kinase (pgkA) gene. Transformants carrying the pgkA(P)::mlcR construct expressed mlcR constitutively, and produced ML-236B during the exponential growth phase, suggesting that the pgkA(P)::mlcR construct does affect the regulation of ML-236B biosynthesis. Comparative expression analysis by RT-PCR showed that altering the expression profile of mlcR influenced the expression of some of the ML-236B biosynthetic genes. The evidence suggests that mlcR may indeed be involved in the transcriptional activation of some of the pathway-specific genes required for ML-236B biosynthesis.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the macrolide concanamycin A in Streptomyces neyagawaensis ATCC 27449 Abstract: The macrolide antibiotic concanamycin A has been identified as an exceptionally potent inhibitor of the vacuolar (V-type) ATPase. Such compounds have been mooted as the basis of a potential drug treatment for osteoporosis, since the V-ATPase is involved in the osteoclast-mediated bone resorption that underlies this common condition. To enable combinatorial engineering of altered concanamycins, the biosynthetic gene cluster governing the biosynthesis of concanamycin A has been cloned from Streptomyces neyagawaensis and shown to span a region of over 100 kbp of contiguous DNA. An efficient transformation system has been developed for S. neyagawaensis and used to demonstrate the role of the cloned locus in the formation of concanamycin A. Sequence analysis of the 28 ORFs in the region has revealed key features of the biosynthetic pathway, in particular the biosynthetic origin of portions of the backbone, which arise from the unusual polyketide building blocks ethylmalonyl-CoA and methoxymalonyl-ACP, and the origin of the pendant deoxysugar moiety 4'-O-carbamoyl-2'-deoxyrhamnose, as well as the presence of a modular polyketide synthase (PKS) encoded by six giant ORFs. Examination of the methoxymalonyl-specific acyltransferase (AT) domains has led to recognition of an amino acid sequence motif which can be used to distinguish methylmalonyl-CoA- from methoxymalonyl-ACP-specific AT domains in natural PKSs.	1
Title: A unique amino transfer mechanism for constructing the β-amino fatty acid starter unit in the biosynthesis of the macrolactam antibiotic cremimycin Abstract: Cremimycin is a 19-membered macrolactam glycoside antibiotic based on three distinctive substructures: 1) a β-amino fatty acid starter moiety, 2) a bicyclic macrolactam ring, and 3) a cymarose unit. To elucidate the biosynthetic machineries responsible for these three structures, the cremimycin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified. The cmi gene cluster consists of 33 open reading frames encoding eight polyketide synthases, six deoxysugar biosynthetic enzymes, and a characteristic group of five β-amino-acid-transfer enzymes. Involvement of the gene cluster in cremimycin production was confirmed by a gene knockout experiment. Further, a feeding experiment demonstrated that 3-aminononanoate is a direct precursor of cremimycin. Two characteristic enzymes of the cremimycin-type biosynthesis were functionally characterized in vitro. The results showed that a putative thioesterase homologue, CmiS1, catalyzes the Michael addition of glycine to the β-position of a non-2-enoic acid thioester, followed by hydrolysis of the thioester to give N-carboxymethyl-3-aminononanoate. Subsequently, the resultant amino acid was oxidized by a putative FAD-dependent glycine oxidase homologue, CmiS2, to produce 3-aminononanoate and glyoxylate. This represents a unique amino transfer mechanism for β-amino acid biosynthesis.	1
Title: Polyketide decarboxylative chain termination preceded by o-sulfonation in curacin a biosynthesis Abstract: Biosynthetic innovation in natural product systems is driven by the recruitment of new genes and enzymes into these complex pathways. Here, an unprecedented decarboxylative chain termination mechanism is described for the polyketide synthase of curacin A, an anticancer lead compound isolated from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula. The unusual chain termination module containing adjacent sulfotransferase (ST) and thioesterase (TE) catalytic domains embedded in CurM was biochemically characterized. The TE was proved to catalyze a hydrolytic chain release of the polyketide chain elongation intermediate. Moreover, a selective ST-mediated sulfonation of the (R)-beta-hydroxyl group was found to precede TE-mediated hydrolysis, triggering a successive decarboxylative elimination and resulting in the formation of a rare terminal olefin in the final metabolite.	1
Title: A highly unusual polyketide synthase directs dawenol polyene biosynthesis in Stigmatella aurantiaca Abstract: Enormous progress in the field of polyketide biosynthesis has led to the establishment of rules for general text book biosynthetic logic and consequently to the assumption that biosynthetic genes can be easily correlated with the corresponding natural products. However, non-textbook examples of polyketide assembly continue to be discovered suggesting the gene to product and product to gene predictions need improvement, especially as they are increasingly used in the post-genomic era. Here, we analyzed the genomic blueprint of a myxobacterial multi-producer of secondary metabolites, Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1, for its biosynthetic potential by genome-mining. In addition to the five polyketide synthase and/or nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters of known function we identified a further 13 genomic regions exemplifying the enormous genetic potential for the production of additional chemical diversity by this strain. We show by gene inactivation and heterologous expression of the newly identified biosynthetic pathway for dawenol that the biosynthesis of this known polyene does not follow text book biosynthetic logic. Intriguingly, a genomic locus encoding an unusual polyketide synthase exhibiting similarity to gene loci involved in the formation of polyunsaturated fatty acids and secondary lipids was identified.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic genes for 10,11-dehydrocurvularin, a heat shock response-modulating anticancer fungal polyketide from Aspergillus terreus Abstract: 10,11-Dehydrocurvularin is a prevalent fungal phytotoxin with heat shock response and immune-modulatory activities. It features a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid lactone polyketide framework with structural similarities to resorcylic acid lactones like radicicol or zearalenone. A genomic locus was identified from the dehydrocurvularin producer strain Aspergillus terreus AH-02-30-F7 to reveal genes encoding a pair of iterative polyketide synthases (A. terreus CURS1 [AtCURS1] and AtCURS2) that are predicted to collaborate in the biosynthesis of 10,11-dehydrocurvularin. Additional genes in this locus encode putative proteins that may be involved in the export of the compound from the cell and in the transcriptional regulation of the cluster. 10,11-Dehydrocurvularin biosynthesis was reconstituted in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by heterologous expression of the polyketide synthases. Bioinformatic analysis of the highly reducing polyketide synthase AtCURS1 and the nonreducing polyketide synthase AtCURS2 highlights crucial biosynthetic programming differences compared to similar synthases involved in resorcylic acid lactone biosynthesis. These differences lead to the synthesis of a predicted tetraketide starter unit that forms part of the 12-membered lactone ring of dehydrocurvularin, as opposed to the penta- or hexaketide starters in the 14-membered rings of resorcylic acid lactones. Tetraketide N-acetylcysteamine thioester analogues of the starter unit were shown to support the biosynthesis of dehydrocurvularin and its analogues, with yeast expressing AtCURS2 alone. Differential programming of the product template domain of the nonreducing polyketide synthase AtCURS2 results in an aldol condensation with a different regiospecificity than that of resorcylic acid lactones, yielding the dihydroxyphenylacetic acid scaffold characterized by an S-type cyclization pattern atypical for fungal polyketides.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and role in virulence of the histone deacetylase inhibitor depudecin from Alternaria brassicicola Abstract: Depudecin, an eleven-carbon linear polyketide made by the pathogenic fungus Alternaria brassicicola, is an inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC). A chemically unrelated HDAC inhibitor, HC toxin, was earlier shown to be a major virulence factor in the interaction between Cochliobolus carbonum and its host, maize. In order to test whether depudecin is also a virulence factor for A. brassicicola, we identified the genes for depudecin biosynthesis and created depudecin-minus mutants. The depudecin gene cluster contains six genes (DEP1 to DEP6), which are predicted to encode a polyketide synthase (AbPKS9 or DEP5), a transcription factor (DEP6), two monooxygenases (DEP2 and DEP4), a transporter of the major facilitator superfamily (DEP3), and one protein of unknown function (DEP1). The involvement in depudecin production of DEP2, DEP4, DEP5, and DEP6 was demonstrated by targeted gene disruption. DEP6 is required for expression of DEP1 through DEP5 but not the immediate flanking genes, thus defining a coregulated depudecin biosynthetic cluster. The genes flanking the depudecin gene cluster but not the cluster itself are conserved in the same order in the related fungi Stagonospora nodorum and Pyrenophora tritici-repentis. Depudecin-minus mutants have a small (10%) but statistically significant reduction in virulence on cabbage (Brassica oleracea) but not on Arabidopsis. The role of depudecin in virulence is, therefore, less dramatic than that of HC toxin.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of dTDP-6-deoxy-beta-D-allose, biochemical characterization of dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxyglucose reductase (GerKI) from Streptomyces sp. KCTC 0041BP Abstract: dTDP-6-deoxy-d-allose, an unusual deoxysugar, has been identified as an intermediate in the mycinose biosynthetic pathway of several macrolide antibiotics. In order to characterize the biosynthesis of this deoxysugar, we have cloned and heterologously overexpressed gerK1 in Escherichia coli BL21 (DE3) cells. This gene encodes for a protein with the putative function of a dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxyglucose reductase, which appears to be involved in the dihydrochalcomycin (GERI-155) biosynthesis evidenced by Streptomyces sp KCTC 0041BP. Our results revealed that GerK1 exhibited a specific reductive effect on the 4-keto carbon of dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-d-allose, with the hydroxyl group in an axial configuration at the C3 position only. The enzyme catalyzed the conversion of dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxyglucose to dTDP-6-deoxy-beta-D-allose, according to the results of an in vitro coupled enzyme assay, in the presence of GerF (dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxyglucose 3-epimerase). The product was isolated, and its stereochemistry was determined via nuclear magnetic resonance analysis.	1
Title: A polyketide synthase gene required for biosynthesis of the aflatoxin-like toxin, dothistromin Abstract: Dothistromin is a polyketide toxin, produced by a fungal forest pathogen, with structural similarity to the aflatoxin precursor versicolorin B. Biochemical and genetic studies suggested that there are common steps in the biosynthetic pathways for these metabolites and showed similarities between some of the genes. A polyketide synthase gene (pksA) was isolated from dothistromin-producing Dothistroma septosporum by hybridization with an aflatoxin ortholog from Aspergillus parasiticus. Inactivation of this gene in D. septosporum resulted in mutants that could not produce dothistromin but that could convert exogenous aflatoxin precursors, including norsolorinic acid, into dothistromin. The mutants also had reduced asexual sporulation compared to the wild type. So far four other genes are known to be clustered immediately alongside pksA. Three of these (cypA, moxA, avfA) are predicted to be orthologs of aflatoxin biosynthetic genes. The other gene (epoA), located between avfA and moxA, is predicted to encode an epoxide hydrolase, for which there is no homolog in either the aflatoxin or sterigmatocystin gene clusters. The pksA gene is located on a small chromosome of approximately 1.3 Mb in size, along with the dothistromin ketoreductase (dotA) gene.	1
Title: Isolation and identification of three new 5-alkenyl-3,3(2H)-furanones from two streptomyces species using a genomic screening approach Abstract: Analyses of biosynthetic gene clusters derived from Streptomyces aculeolatus NRRL 18422 and Streptomyces sp. Eco86 indicated that both microorganisms have similar type I polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters with relatively few genes encoding post-PKS elaborative enzymes. However both gene clusters included a sequence coding for a relatively uncommon oxidative enzyme related to Baeyer-Villiger, flavin-type monooxygenases. Screening of culture extracts for compounds with the predicted physicochemical properties of the end products from these loci, led to the isolation of three 5-alkenyl-3,3(2H)-furanones, one (E-837, 1) from the former and two (E-492, 2, E-975, 3) from the latter strain. The structures, confirmed by spectral analyses including MS, and ID and 2D NMR experiments, were in accord with those predicted by genomic analyses. Baeyer-Villiger type oxidation is postulated to be involved in the formation of the furanone moieties in these molecules. All three new compounds were tested for their electron transport inhibitory activities. They had IC50 values of 1-4 microg/ml against Ascaris suum NADH-fumarate reductase and 1-12 microg/ml against bovine heart NADH oxidase.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of ebelactone A: isotopic tracer, advanced precursor and genetic studies reveal a thioesterase-independent cyclization to give a polyketide β-lactone Abstract: Macrocyclization of polyketides generates arrays of molecular architectures that are directly linked to biological activities. The four-membered ring in oxetanones (β-lactones) is found in a variety of bioactive polyketides (for example, lipstatin, hymeglusin and ebelactone), yet details of its molecular assembly have not been extensively elucidated. Using ebelactone as a model system, and its producer Streptomyces aburaviensis ATCC 31860, labeling with sodium [1-(13)C,(18)O2]propionate afforded ebelactone A that contains (18)O at all oxygen sites. The pattern of (13)C-(18)O bond retention defines the steps for ebelactone biosynthesis, and demonstrates that β-lactone ring formation occurs by attack of a β-hydroxy group onto the carbonyl moiety of an acyclic precursor. Reaction of ebelactone A with N-acetylcysteamine (NAC) gives the β-hydroxyacyl thioester, which cyclizes quantitatively to give ebelactone A in aqueous ethanol. The putative gene cluster encoding the polyketide synthase (PKS) for biosynthesis of 1 was also identified; notably the ebelactone PKS lacks a terminal thioesterase (TE) domain and no stand alone TE was found. Thus the formation of ebelactone is not TE dependent, supporting the hypothesis that cyclization occurs on the PKS surface in a process that is modeled by the chemical cyclization of the NAC thioester.	1
Title: Microbial genomics as a guide to drug discovery and structural elucidation: ECO-02301, a novel antifungal agent, as an example Abstract: Analysis of the genome of Streptomyces aizunensis NRRL B-11277 indicated its potential to produce a compound of novel and highly predictable structure. The structure was predicted with sufficient accuracy to allow straightforward detection of the specific metabolite in HPLC profiles of fermentation extracts and hence to guide the isolation. The spectroscopic work was reduced to a confirmation of structure rather than a first principle determination. The compound, ECO-02301 (1), demonstrated potent antifungal activity. This work exemplifies not only the discovery of novel antibiotics from well-characterized organisms but also the utility of genomics as a further tool, complementary to spectroscopy, to enable rapid determination of complex structures.	1
Title: The erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Aeromicrobium erythreum Abstract: The erythromycin-biosynthetic (ery) gene cluster of Aeromicrobium erythreum was cloned and characterized. The 55.4-kb cluster contains 25 ery genes. Homologues were found for each gene in the previously characterized ery gene cluster from Saccharopolyspora erythraea. In addition, four new predicted ery genes were identified. Two of the new predicted genes, coding for a phosphopantetheinyl transferase (eryP) and a type II thioesterase (eryTII), were internal to the ery cluster. The other two new genes, coding for a thymidine 5'-diphosphate-glucose synthase (eryDI) and a MarR-family transcriptional repressor (ery-ORF25), were found at the two ends of the ery cluster. A knockout in eryDI showed it to be essential for erythromycin biosynthesis. The gene order of the two ery clusters was conserved within a core region of 15 contiguous genes, with the exception of IS1136 which was not found in the A. erythreum cluster. Beyond the core region, gene shuffling had occurred between the two sides of the cluster. The flanking regions of the two ery clusters were not alike in the type of genes found.	1
Title: Architectures of whole-module and bimodular proteins from the 6-deoxyerythronolide B synthase Abstract: The 6-deoxyerythronolide B synthase (DEBS) is a prototypical assembly line polyketide synthase produced by the actinomycete Saccharopolyspora erythraea that synthesizes the macrocyclic core of the antibiotic erythromycin 6-deoxyerythronolide B. The megasynthase is a 2-MDa trimeric complex composed of three unique homodimers assembled from the gene products DEBS1, DEBS2, and DEBS3, which are housed within the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Each homodimer contains two clusters of catalytically independent enzymatic domains, each referred to as a module, which catalyzes one round of polyketide chain extension and modification. Modules are named sequentially to indicate the order in which they are utilized during synthesis of 6-deoxyerythronolide B. We report small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) analyses of a whole module and a bimodule from DEBS, as well as a set of domains for which high-resolution structures are available. In all cases, the solution state was probed under previously established conditions ensuring that each protein is catalytically active. SAXS data are consistent with atomic-resolution structures of DEBS fragments. Therefore, we used the available high-resolution structures of DEBS domains to model the architectures of the larger protein assemblies using rigid-body refinement. Our data support a model in which the third module of DEBS forms a disc-shaped structure capable of caging the acyl carrier protein domain proximal to each active site. The molecular envelope of DEBS3 is a thin elongated ellipsoid, and the results of rigid-body modeling suggest that modules 5 and 6 stack collinearly along the 2-fold axis of symmetry.	1
Title: Systems perspectives on erythromycin biosynthesis by comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of S. erythraea E3 and NRRL23338 strains Abstract: Background:                       S. erythraea is a Gram-positive filamentous bacterium used for the industrial-scale production of erythromycin A which is of high clinical importance. In this work, we sequenced the whole genome of a high-producing strain (E3) obtained by random mutagenesis and screening from the wild-type strain NRRL23338, and examined time-series expression profiles of both E3 and NRRL23338. Based on the genomic data and transcriptpmic data of these two strains, we carried out comparative analysis of high-producing strain and wild-type strain at both the genomic level and the transcriptomic level.                  Results:                       We observed a large number of genetic variants including 60 insertions, 46 deletions and 584 single nucleotide variations (SNV) in E3 in comparison with NRRL23338, and the analysis of time series transcriptomic data indicated that the genes involved in erythromycin biosynthesis and feeder pathways were significantly up-regulated during the 60 hours time-course. According to our data, BldD, a previously identified ery cluster regulator, did not show any positive correlations with the expression of ery cluster, suggesting the existence of alternative regulation mechanisms of erythromycin synthesis in S. erythraea. Several potential regulators were then proposed by integration analysis of genomic and transcriptomic data.                  Conclusion:                       This is a demonstration of the functional comparative genomics between an industrial S. erythraea strain and the wild-type strain. These findings help to understand the global regulation mechanisms of erythromycin biosynthesis in S. erythraea, providing useful clues for genetic and metabolic engineering in the future.	1
Title: Knocking out of tailoring genes eryK and eryG in an industrial erythromycin-producing strain of Saccharopolyspora erythraea leading to overproduction of erythromycin B, C and D at different conversion ratios Abstract: Aims:                        To overproduce erythromycin C, B or D and evaluate the effect of disruption of tailoring genes eryK and eryG in an industrial erythromycin producer.                  Methods and results:                        The tailoring genes eryG and eryK were inactivated individually or simultaneously by targeted gene disruption in an industrial strain Saccharopolyspora erythraea HL3168 E3, resulting in the overproduction of erythromycin C (2·48 g l(-1) ), B (1·70 g l(-1) ) or D (2·15 g l(-1) ) in the mutant strain QL-G, QL-K or QL-KG, respectively. Analysis of the erythromycin congeners throughout the fermentation indicated that, at the end of fermentation, comparatively large amount of erythromycin D (0·67 g l(-1) ) was accumulated in QL-G, whereas only small amount of erythromycin D (0·10 g l(-1) ) was produced in QL-K.                  Conclusions:                       Inactivation of tailoring genes eryG and eryK in the high producer did not affect the biosynthesis of erythromycin. However, erythromycin D could be more efficiently methylated by EryG than be hydroxylated by EryK.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Development of the mutant strains provides a method for the economical large-scale production of potent lead compounds. The information about the accumulation and conversion of erythromycins in the industrial strains may contribute to further improving erythromycin production.	1
Title: Knockout of the erythromycin biosynthetic cluster gene, eryBI, blocks isoflavone glucoside bioconversion during erythromycin fermentations in Aeromicrobium erythreum but not in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: Isoflavone glucosides are valuable nutraceutical compounds and are present in commercial fermentations, such as the erythromycin fermentation, as constituents of the soy flour in the growth medium. The purpose of this study was to develop a method for recovery of the isoflavone glucosides as value-added coproducts at the end of either Saccharopolyspora erythraea or Aeromicrobium erythreum fermentation. Because the first step in isoflavone metabolism was known to be the conversion of isoflavone glucosides to aglycones by a beta-glucosidase, we chose to knock out the only beta-glucosidase gene known at the start of the study, eryBI, to see what effect this had on metabolism of isoflavone glucosides in each organism. In the unicellular erythromycin producer A. erythreum, knockout of eryBI was sufficient to block the conversion of isoflavone glucosides to aglycones. In S. erythraea, knockout of eryBI had no effect on this reaction, suggesting that other beta-glucosidases are present. Erythromycin production was not significantly affected in either strain as a result of the eryBI knockout. This study showed that isoflavone metabolism could be blocked in A. erythreum by eryBI knockout but that eryBI knockout was not sufficient to block isoflavone metabolism in S. erythraea.	1
Title: Genetic modulation of the overexpression of tailoring genes eryK and eryG leading to the improvement of erythromycin A purity and production in Saccharopolyspora erythraea fermentation Abstract: Erythromycin A (Er-A) is the most potent and clinically important member in the Er family produced by Saccharopolyspora erythraea. Er-B and Er-C, which are biologically much less active and cause greater side effects than Er-A, serve as the intermediates for Er-A biosynthesis and impurities in fermentation processes of many industrial strains. In this study, systematical modulation of the amounts of tailoring enzymes EryK (a P450 hydroxylase) and EryG (an S-adenosylmethionine-dependent O-methyltransferase) was carried out by genetic engineering in S. erythraea, including alterations of gene copy number ratio and organization and integrating the locus on the chromosome by homologous recombination. Introduction of additional eryK and eryG genes into S. erythraea showed significant impacts on their transcription levels and enhanced the biotransformation process from Er-D to Er-A with gene dose effects. At the eryK/eryG copy number ratio of 3:2 as well as their resultant transcript ratio of around 2.5:1 to 3.0:1, Er-B and Er-C were nearly completely eliminated and accordingly converted to Er-A, and the Er titer was improved by around 25% in the recombinant strain ZL1004 (genotype PermK*-K-K-G + PermE*-K + PermA*-G) and ZL1007 (genotype PermK*-K-G-K + PermE*-K + PermA*-G). This study may contribute to the continuous efforts toward further evaluation of the Er-producing system, with the aims of improving Er-A purity and production at the fermentation stage and lowering the production costs and environmental concerns in industry.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of the erythromycin-producing bacterium Saccharopolyspora erythraea NRRL23338 Abstract: Saccharopolyspora erythraea is used for the industrial-scale production of the antibiotic erythromycin A, derivatives of which play a vital role in medicine. The sequenced chromosome of this soil bacterium comprises 8,212,805 base pairs, predicted to encode 7,264 genes. It is circular, like those of the pathogenic actinomycetes Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Corynebacterium diphtheriae, but unlike the linear chromosomes of the model actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) and the closely related Streptomyces avermitilis. The S. erythraea genome contains at least 25 gene clusters for production of known or predicted secondary metabolites, at least 72 genes predicted to confer resistance to a range of common antibiotic classes and many sets of duplicated genes to support its saprophytic lifestyle. The availability of the genome sequence of S. erythraea will improve insight into its biology and facilitate rational development of strains to generate high-titer producers of clinically important antibiotics.	1
Title: Effects of methylmalonyl-CoA mutase gene knockouts on erythromycin production in carbohydrate-based and oil-based fermentations of Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: In carbohydrate-based fermentations of Saccharopolyspora erythraea, a polar knockout of the methylmalonyl-CoA mutase (MCM) gene, mutB, improved erythromycin production an average of 126% (within the range of 102-153% for a 0.95 confidence interval). In oil-based fermentations, where erythromycin production by the wild-type strain averages 184% higher (141-236%, 0.95 CI) than in carbohydrate-based fermentations, the same polar knockout in mutB surprisingly reduced erythromycin production by 66% (53-76%, 0.95 CI). A metabolic model is proposed where in carbohydrate-based fermentations MCM acts as a drain on the methylmalonyl-CoA metabolite pool, and in oil-based fermentations, MCM acts in the reverse direction to fill the methylmalonyl-CoA pool. Therefore, the model explains, in part, how the well-known oil-based process improvement for erythromycin production operates at the biochemical level; furthermore, it illustrates how the mutB erythromycin strain improvement mutation operates at the genetic level in carbohydrate-based fermentations.	1
Title: Improved bioconversion of 15-fluoro-6-deoxyerythronolide B to 15-fluoro-erythromycin A by overexpression of the eryK Gene in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The bioconversion of a 6-deoxyerythronolide B analogue to the corresponding erythromycin A analogue (R-EryA) by a Saccharopolyspora erythraea mutant lacking the ketosynthase in the first polyketide synthase module was significantly improved by changing fluxes at a key branch point affecting the erythromycin congener distribution. This was achieved by integrating an additional copy of the eryK gene into the chromosome under control of the eryAIp promoter. Real-time PCR analysis of RNA confirmed higher expression of eryK in the resulting strain, S. erythraea K301-105B, compared to its parent. In shake flasks, K301-105B produced less of the shunt product 15-fluoro-erythromycin B (15F-EryB), suggesting a shift in congener distribution toward the desired product, 15-fluoro-erythromycin A (15F-EryA). In bioreactor studies, K301-105B produced 1.3 g/L of 15F-EryA with 75-80% molar yield on fed precursor, compared with 0.9 g/L 15F-EryA with 50-55% molar yield on fed precursor by the parent strain. At higher precursor feed rates, K301-105B produced 3.5 g/L of 15F-EryA while maintaining 75-80% molar yield on fed precursor.	1
Title: A specific role of the Saccharopolyspora erythraea thioesterase II gene in the function of modular polyketide synthases Abstract: Bacterial modular polyketide synthase (PKS) genes are commonly associated with another gene that encodes a thioesterase II (TEII) believed to remove aberrantly loaded substrates from the PKS. Co-expression of the Saccharopolyspora erythraea ery-ORF5 TEII and eryA genes encoding 6-deoxyerythronolide B synthase (DEBS) in Streptomyces hosts eliminated or significantly lowered production of 8,8'-deoxyoleandolide [15-nor-6-deoxyerythronolide B (15-nor-6dEB)], which arises from an acetate instead of a propionate starter unit. Disruption of the TEII gene in an industrial Sac. erythraea strain caused a notable amount of 15-norerythromycins to be produced by utilization of an acetate instead of a propionate starter unit and also resulted in moderately lowered production of erythromycin compared with the amount produced by the parental strain. A similar behaviour of the TEII gene was observed in Escherichia coli strains that produce 6dEB and 15-methyl-6dEB. Direct biochemical analysis showed that the ery-ORF5 TEII enzyme favours hydrolysis of acetyl groups bound to the loading acyl carrier protein domain (ACP(L)) of DEBS. These results point to a clear role of the TEII enzyme, i.e. removal of a specific type of acyl group from the ACP(L) domain of the DEBS1 loading module.	1
Title: Analysis of an 8.1-kb DNA fragment contiguous with the erythromycin gene cluster of Saccharopolyspora erythraea in the eryCI-flanking region Abstract: An 8.1-kb region of the Saccharopolyspora erythraea genome, significant for its contiguity to the known genes of the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster, was mutationally analyzed and its DNA sequence was determined. The region lies immediately adjacent to eryCI. The newly characterized region is notable for a large, 3.0-kb segment, predicted not to be translated, followed by four probable genes: an acetyltransferase gene, a protease inhibitor gene, a methyltransferase gene, and a transposase gene. Because the probable functions of the genes in this region are not required for erythromycin biosynthesis or resistance and because a deletion of a 6.0-kb portion of this region had no effect on erythromycin biosynthesis, this region marks the outside boundary of the erythromycin gene cluster. Therefore, eryCI represents the end of the cluster. These results complete the analysis of the erythromycin gene cluster and eliminate the possibility that additional sought-after pathway-specific structural or regulatory genes might be found within or adjacent to the cluster.	1
Title: Transcriptional organization of the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The transcriptional organization of the erythromycin biosynthetic gene (ery) cluster of Saccharopolyspora erythraea has been examined by a variety of methods, including S1 nuclease protection assays, Northern blotting, Western blotting, and bioconversion analysis of erythromycin intermediates. The analysis was facilitated by the construction of novel mutants containing a S. erythraea transcriptional terminator within the eryAI, eryAIII, eryBIII, eryBIV, eryBV, eryBVI, eryCIV, and eryCVI genes and additionally by an eryAI -10 promoter mutant. All mutant strains demonstrated polar effects on the transcription of downstream ery biosynthetic genes. Our results demonstrate that the ery gene cluster contains four major polycistronic transcriptional units, the largest one extending approximately 35 kb from eryAI to eryG. Two overlapping polycistronic transcripts extending from eryBIV to eryBVII were identified. In addition, seven ery cluster promoter transcription start sites, one each beginning at eryAI, eryBI, eryBIII, eryBVI, and eryK and two beginning at eryBIV, were determined.	1
Title: Analysis of eryBI, eryBIII and eryBVII from the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The gene cluster (ery) governing the biosynthesis of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin A by Saccharopolyspora erythraea contains, in addition to the eryA genes encoding the polyketide synthase, two regions containing genes for later steps in the pathway. The region 5' of eryA that lies between the known genes ermE (encoding the erythromycin resistance methyltransferase) and eryBIII (encoding a putative S-adenosylmethionine-dependent methyltransferase), and that contains the gene eryBI (orf2), has now been sequenced. The inferred product of the eryBI gene shows striking sequence similarity to authentic beta-glucosidases. Specific mutants were created in eryBI, and the resulting strains were found to synthesise erythromycin A, showing that this gene, despite its position in the biosynthetic gene cluster, is not essential for erythromycin biosynthesis. A mutant in eryBIII and a double mutant in eryBI and eryBIII were obtained and the analysis of novel erythromycins produced by these strains confirmed the proposed function of EryBIII as a C-methyltransferase. Also, a chromosomal mutant was constructed for the previously sequenced ORF19 and shown to accumulate erythronolide B, as expected for an eryB mutant and consistent with its proposed role as an epimerase in dTDP-mycarose biosynthesis.	1
Title: Targeted gene inactivation for the elucidation of deoxysugar biosynthesis in the erythromycin producer Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The production of erythromycin A by Saccharopolyspora erythraea requires the synthesis of dTDP-D-desosamine and dTDP-L-mycarose, which serve as substrates for the transfer of the two sugar residues onto the macrolactone ring. The enzymatic activities involved in this process are largely encoded within the ery gene cluster, by two sets of genes flanking the eryA locus that encodes the polyketide synthase. We report here the nucleotide sequence of three such ORFs located immediately downstream of eryA, ORFs 7, 8 and 9. Chromosomal mutants carrying a deletion either in ORF7 or in one of the previously sequenced ORFs 13 and 14 have been constructed and shown to accumulate erythronolide B, as expected for eryB mutants. Similarly, chromosomal mutants carrying a deletion in either ORF8, ORF9, or one of the previously sequenced ORFs 17 and 18 have been constructed and shown to accumulate 3-alpha-mycarosyl erythronolide B, as expected for eryC mutants. The ORF13 (eryBIV), ORF17 (eryCIV) and ORF7 (eryBII) mutants also synthesised small amounts of macrolide shunt metabolites, as shown by mass spectrometry. These results considerably strengthen previous tentative proposals for the pathways for the biosynthesis of dTDP-D-desosamine and dTDP-L-mycarose in Sac. erythraea and reveal that at least some of these enzymes can accommodate alternative substrates.	1
Title: The loading domain of the erythromycin polyketide synthase is not essential for erythromycin biosynthesis in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: 6-Deoxyerythronolide B synthase (DEBS) is a large multifunctional enzyme that catalyses the biosynthesis of the erythromycin polyketide aglycone. DEBS is organized into six modules, each containing the enzymic domains required for a single condensation of carboxylic acid residues which make up the growing polyketide chain. Module 1 is preceded by loading acyltransferase (AT-L) and acyl carrier protein (ACP-L) domains, hypothesized to initiate polyketide chain growth with a propionate-derived moiety. Using recombinant DNA technology several mutant strains of Saccharopolyspora erythraea were constructed that lack the initial AT-L domain or that lack both the AT-L and ACP-L domains. These strains were still able to produce erythromycin, although at much lower levels than that produced by the wild-type strain. In addition, the AT-L domain expressed as a monofunctional enzyme was able to complement the deletion of this domain from the PKS, resulting in increased levels of erythromycin production. These findings indicate that neither the initial AT-L nor the ACP-L domains are required to initiate erythromycin biosynthesis; however, without these domains the efficiency of erythromycin biosynthesis is decreased significantly. It is proposed that in these mutants the first step in erythromycin biosynthesis is the charging of KS1 with propionate directly from propionyl-CoA.	1
Title: Analysis of seven genes from the eryAI-eryK region of the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The gene cluster (ery) governing the biosynthesis of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin A by Saccharopolyspora erythraea contains, in addition to the eryA genes encoding the polyketide synthase, two regions containing genes for later steps in the pathway. The region 5' of eryA, and lying between eryA and the gene eryK, which is known to encode the C-12 hydroxylase, has been sequenced and shown to contain seven additional open reading frames (ORFs 13-19). On the basis of sequence similarities, roles are proposed for several of these ORFs in the biosynthesis of the deoxysugar mycarose and the deoxyaminosugar desosamine. A chromosomal mutant carrying a deletion in ORF15 has been constructed and shown to accumulate 3-O-mycarosylerythronolide B, as expected for an eryC mutant. Similarly, a chromosomal mutant carrying a deletion in ORF16 has been constructed and shown to accumulate erythronolide B, as expected for an eryB mutant.	1
Title: Sequencing and mutagenesis of genes from the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Saccharopolyspora erythraea that are involved in L-mycarose and D-desosamine production Abstract: The nucleotide sequence on both sides of the eryA polyketide synthase genes of the erythromycin-producing bacterium Saccharopolyspora erythraea reveals the presence of ten genes that are involved in L-mycarose (eryB) and D-desosamine (eryC) biosynthesis or attachment. Mutant strains carrying targeted lesions in eight of these genes indicate that three (eryBIV, eryBV and eryBVI) act in L-mycarose biosynthesis or attachment, while the other five (eryCII, eryCIII, eryCIV, eryCV and eryCVI) are devoted to D-desosamine biosynthesis or attachment. The remaining two genes (eryBII and eryBVII) appear to function in L-mycarose biosynthesis based on computer analysis and earlier genetic data. Three of these genes, eryBII, eryCIII and eryCII, lie between the eryAIII and eryG genes on one side of the polyketide synthase genes, while the remaining seven, eryBIV, eryBV, eryCVI, eryBVI, eryCIV, eryCV and eryBVII lie upstream of the eryAI gene on the other side of the gene cluster. The deduced products of these genes show similarities to: aldohexose 4-ketoreductases (eryBIV), aldoketo reductases (eryBII), aldohexose 5-epimerases (eryBVII), the dnmT gene of the daunomycin biosynthetic pathway of Streptomyces peucetius (eryBVI), glycosyltransferases (eryBV and eryCIII), the AscC 3,4-dehydratase from the ascarylose biosynthetic pathway of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis (eryCIV), and mammalian N-methyltransferases (eryCVI). The eryCII gene resembles a cytochrome P450, but lacks the conserved cysteine residue responsible for coordination of the haem iron, while the eryCV gene displays no meaningful similarity to other known sequences. From the predicted function of these and other known eryB and eryC genes, pathways for the biosynthesis of L-mycarose and D-desosamine have been deduced.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the genes encoding nonspecific electron transport components for a cytochrome P450 system of Saccharopolyspora erythraea involved in erythromycin production Abstract: The forA gene encoding a protein that can function as a NADH:ferredoxin oxidoreductase (For) has been cloned from Saccharopolyspora erythraea, the erythromycin A (ErA) producer. In a previous study For protein, together with the FdxA ferredoxin from the same organism, was shown to be able to reconstitute the cytochrome P450 system responsible for the hydroxylation of 6-deoxyerythronolide B, an intermediate of ErA biosynthesis. Nucleotide sequence data suggest that the cloned forA gene codes for For, the putative pyruvate dehydrogenase component, dihydrolipoamide dehydrogenase, or its close homolog. Overexpression of forA appeared to be toxic to Escherichia coli.	1
Title: Structure of cytochrome P450eryF involved in erythromycin biosynthesis Abstract: Cytochrome P450eryF catalyzes the 6S-hydroxylation of 6-deoxyerythronolide B, the initial reaction in a multistep pathway to convert 6-deoxyerythronolide B into the antibiotic, erythromycin. The overall structure of P450eryF is similar to that of P450cam but differs in the exact positioning of several alpha-helices. The largest difference occurs in the B' helix and results in the enlargement of the substrate-binding pocket of P450eryF. The substrate is positioned with the macrolide ring perpendicular to the haem plane and contacts seven hydrophobic residues and three solvent molecules. The substrate participates in a network of hydrogen bonds that may provide a proton shuttle pathway in the oxygen cleavage reaction.	1
Title: Inhibition of erythromycin synthesis by disruption of malonyl-coenzyme A decarboxylase gene eryM in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: Malonyl-coenzyme A (malonyl-CoA) decarboxylase is widely distributed in prokaryotes and eukaryotes. However, the biological function of this enzyme has not been established in any organism. To elucidate the structure and function of this enzyme, the malonyl-CoA decarboxylase gene from Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythreaus) was cloned and sequenced. This gene would encode a polypeptide of 417 amino acids. The deduced amino acid sequence matched the experimentally determined amino acid sequences of 25 N-terminal residues each of the enzyme and of an internal peptide obtained by proteolysis of the purified enzyme. This decarboxylase showed homology with aminoglycoside N6'-acetyltransferases of Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Serratia marcescens, and Klebsiella pneumoniae. Northern (RNA) blot analysis revealed a single transcript. The transcription initiation site was 220 bp upstream of the start codon. When expressed in Escherichia coli, the S. erythraea malonyl-CoA decarboxylase gene yielded a protein that cross-reacted with antiserum prepared against S. erythraea malonyl-CoA decarboxylase and catalyzed decarboxylation of [3-14C]malonyl-CoA to acetyl-CoA and 14CO2. The S. erythraea malonyl-CoA decarboxylase gene was disrupted by homologous recombination using an integrating vector pWHM3. The gene-disrupted transformant did not produce immunologically cross-reacting 45-kDa decarboxylase, lacked malonyl-CoA decarboxylase activity, and could not produce erythromycin. Exogenous propionate restored the ability to produce erythromycin. These results strongly suggest that the decarboxylase provides propionyl-CoA for erythromycin synthesis probably via decarboxylation of methylmalonyl-CoA derived from succinyl-CoA, and therefore the malonyl-CoA decarboxylase gene is designated eryM. The gene disrupted mutants also did not produce pigments.	1
Title: Substrate specificity of 6-deoxyerythronolide B hydroxylase, a bacterial cytochrome P450 of erythromycin A biosynthesis Abstract: The 6-deoxyerythronolide B hydroxylase (EryF) is a soluble cytochrome P450 responsible for the stereospecific C-6 hydroxylation of the erythromycin precursor, 6-deoxyerythronolide B. Using the expression of the eryF gene in Escherichia coli [Andersen, J. F., & Hutchinson, C. R. (1992) J. Bacteriol. 174, 725-735] as the enzyme source, we examined the catalytic activity of the EryF protein toward several macrolide substrates related to 6-deoxyerythronolide B. The results of these studies were compared with measurements of the apparent dissociation constants for various substrates and with information from molecular modeling studies of the substrates and the enzyme-substrate complex. Only minor changes in the structure of 6-deoxyerythronolide B resulted in substrates with catalytic rates less than 1% of those seen with the natural substrate. Although the 9S epimer of 9-deoxo-9-hydroxy-6-deoxyerythronolide B was hydroxylated at a rate approximately equal to the natural substrate, the 9R epimer was hydroxylated at a 2-fold lower rate. Examination of molecular models revealed that the position of the 9-hydroxyl oxygen in the 9S epimer resembles that of the 9-oxo oxygen in the natural substrate more closely than in the 9R epimer. 8,8a-Deoxyoleandolide, which is identical to 6-deoxyerythronolide B except for the presence of a C-13 methyl group, and its (9S)-9-deoxo-9-hydroxy derivative were C-6 hydroxylated at a 4-fold lower rate than the natural substrate, and the 9-oxo form showed a substantially larger apparent dissociation constant.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)	1
Title: Identification of a Saccharopolyspora erythraea gene required for the final hydroxylation step in erythromycin biosynthesis Abstract: In analyzing the region of the Saccharopolyspora erythraea chromosome responsible for the biosynthesis of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin, we identified a gene, designated eryK, located about 50 kb downstream of the erythromycin resistance gene, ermE. eryK encodes a 44-kDa protein which, on the basis of comparative analysis, belongs to the P450 monooxygenase family. An S. erythraea strain disrupted in eryK no longer produced erythromycin A but accumulated the B and D forms of the antibiotic, indicating that eryK is responsible for the C-12 hydroxylation of the macrolactone ring, one of the last steps in erythromycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of DEBS 1, DEBS 2 and DEBS 3, the multienzyme polypeptides of the erythromycin-producing polyketide synthase from Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The ery A region of the erythromycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Saccharopolyspora erythraea has previously been shown to contain three large open reading frames (ORFs) that encode the components of 6-deoxyerythronolide B synthase (DEBS). Polyclonal antibodies were raised against recombinant proteins obtained by overexpression of 3' regions of the ORF2 and ORF3 genes. In Western blotting experiments, each antiserum reacted strongly with a different high molecular weight protein in extracts of erythromycin-producing S. erythraea cells. These putative DEBS 2 and DEBS 3 proteins were purified and subjected to N-terminal sequence analysis. The protein sequences were entirely consistent with the and DEBS 3 proteins were purified and subjected to N-terminal sequence analysis. The protein sequences were entirely consistent with the translation start sites predicted from the DNA sequences of ORFs 2 and 3. A third high molecular weight protein co-purified with DEBS 2 and DEBS 3 and had an N-terminal sequence that matched a protein sequence translated from the DNA sequence some 155 base pairs upstream from the previously proposed start codon of ORF1.	1
Title: Cloning and sequence analysis of genes involved in erythromycin biosynthesis in Saccharopolyspora erythraea: sequence similarities between EryG and a family of S-adenosylmethionine-dependent methyltransferases Abstract: The gene cluster (ery) responsible for production of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin by Saccharopolyspora erythraea is also known to contain ermE, the gene conferring resistance to the antibiotic. The nucleotide sequence has been determined of a 4.5 kb portion of the biosynthetic gene cluster, from a region lying between 3.7 kb and 8.2 kb 3' of ermE. This has revealed the presence of four complete open reading frames, including the previously known ery gene eryG, which catalyses the last step in the biosynthetic pathway. Comparison of the amino acid sequence of EryG with the sequence of other S-adenosylmethionine (SAM)-dependent methyltransferases has revealed that one of the sequence motifs previously suggested to be part of the SAM-binding site is present not only in EryG but also in many other recently sequenced SAM-dependent methyltransferases. Previous genetic studies have shown that this region also contains gene(s) involved in hydroxylation of the intermediate 6-deoxyerythronolide B. One of the three other open reading frames (eryF) in fact shows very high sequence similarity to known cytochrome P450 hydroxylases. An adjacent gene (ORF5) shows a strikingly high degree of similarity to prokaryotic and eukaryotic acyltransferases and thioesterases.	1
Title: An unusually large multifunctional polypeptide in the erythromycin-producing polyketide synthase of Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: Erythromycin A, a clinically important polyketide antibiotic, is produced by the Gram-positive bacterium Saccharopolyspora erythraea. In an arrangement that seems to be generally true of antibiotic biosynthetic genes in Streptomyces and related bacteria like S. erythraea, the ery genes encoding the biosynthetic pathway to erythromycin are clustered around the gene (ermE) that confers self-resistance on S. erythraea. The aglycone core of erythromycin A is derived from one propionyl-CoA and six methylmalonyl-CoA units, which are incorporated head-to-tail into the growing polyketide chain, in a process similar to that of fatty-acid biosynthesis, to generate a macrolide intermediate, 6-deoxyerythronolide B. 6-Deoxyerythronolide B is converted into erythromycin A through the action of specific hydroxylases, glycosyltransferases and a methyltransferase. We report here the analysis of about 10 kilobases of DNA from S. erythraea, cloned by chromosome 'walking' outwards from the erythromycin-resistance determinant ermE, and previously shown to be essential for erythromycin biosynthesis. Partial sequencing of this region indicates that it encodes the synthase. Our results confirm this, and reveal a novel organization of the erythromycin-producing polyketide synthase, which provides further insight into the mechanism of chain assembly.	1
Title: Organization of a cluster of erythromycin genes in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: We used a series of gene disruptions and gene replacements to mutagenically characterize 30 kilobases of DNA in the erythromycin resistance gene (ermE) region of the Saccharopolyspora erythraea chromosome. Five previously undiscovered loci involved in the biosynthesis of erythromycin were found, eryBI, eryBII, eryCI, eryCII, and eryH; and three known loci, eryAI, eryG, and ermE, were further characterized. The new Ery phenotype, EryH, was marked by (i) the accumulation of the intermediate 6-deoxyerythronolide B (DEB), suggesting a defect in the operation of the C-6 hydroxylase system, and (ii) a block in the synthesis or addition reactions for the first sugar group. Analyses of ermE mutants indicated that ermE is the only gene required for resistance to erythromycin, and that it is not required for production of the intermediate erythronolide B (EB) or for conversion of the intermediate 3-alpha-mycarosyl erythronolide B (MEB) to erythromycin. Mutations in the eryB and eryC loci were similar to previously reported chemically induced eryB and eryC mutations blocking synthesis or attachment of the two erythromycin sugar groups. Insertion mutations in eryAI, the macrolactone synthetase, defined the largest (at least 9-kilobase) transcription unit of the cluster. These mutants help to define the physical organization of the erythromycin gene cluster, and the eryH mutants provide a source for the production of the intermediate DEB.	1
Title: Cloning of genes governing the deoxysugar portion of the erythromycin biosynthesis pathway in Saccharopolyspora erythraea (Streptomyces erythreus) Abstract: Genes that govern the formation of deoxysugars or their attachment to erythronolide B and 3 alpha-mycarosyl erythronolide B, intermediates of the biosynthesis of the 14-membered macrolide antibiotic erythromycin, were cloned from Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythreus). Segments of DNA that complement the eryB25, eryB26, eryB46, eryC1-60, and eryD24 mutations blocking the formation of erythronolide B or 3 alpha-mycarosyl erythronolide B, when cloned in Escherichia coli-Streptomyces shuttle cosmids or plasmid vectors that can transform S. erythraea, were located in a ca. 18-kilobase-pair region upstream of the erythromycin resistance (ermE) gene. The eryC1 gene lies just to the 5' side of ermE, and one (or possibly two) eryB gene is approximately 12 kilobase pairs farther upstream. Another eryB gene may be in the same region, while an additional eryB mutation appears to be located elsewhere. The eryD gene lies between the eryB and eryC1 genes and may regulate their function on the basis of the phenotype of an EryD- mutant.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of a gene from Saccharopolyspora erythraea (Streptomyces erythraeus) which is involved in erythromycin biosynthesis Abstract: A 7.3 kbp DNA fragment, encompassing the erythromycin (Em) resistance gene (ermE) and a portion of the gene cluster encoding the biosynthetic genes for erythromycin biosynthesis in Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythraeus) has been cloned in Streptomyces lividans using the plasmid vector pIJ702, and its nucleotide sequence has been determined using a modified dideoxy chain-termination procedure. In particular, we have examined the region immediately 5' of the resistance determinant, where the tandem promoters for ermE overlap the promoters for a divergently transcribed coding sequence (ORF). Disruption of this ORF using an integrational pIJ702-based plasmid vector gave mutants which were specifically blocked in erythromycin biosynthesis, and which accumulated 3-O-alpha-L-mycarosylerythronolide B: this behaviour is identical to that of previously described eryC1 mutants. The eryC1-gene product, a protein of subunit Mr 39,200, is therefore involved either as a structural or as a regulatory gene in the formation of the deoxyamino-sugar desosamine or in its attachment to the macrolide ring.	1
Title: Identification of a gene required for the terminal step in erythromycin A biosynthesis in Saccharopolyspora erythraea (Streptomyces erythreus) Abstract: We have identified a transcription unit in the ermE region of the chromosome of the erythromycin (Er)-producing bacterium Saccharopolyspora erythraea (Streptomyces erythreus) that is briefly switched on at about the time that macrolide production commences. Disruption of the transcription unit, herein designated eryG, by insertion of an integrational plasmid vector, caused a block at the terminal step in the biosynthesis of erythromycin, the conversion of erythromycin C to A by O-methylation.	1
Title: Rapid PCR amplification of minimal enediyne polyketide synthase cassettes leads to a predictive familial classification model Abstract: A universal PCR method for the rapid amplification of minimal enediyne polyketide synthase (PKS) genes and the application of this methodology to clone remaining prototypical genes from producers of structurally determined enediynes in both family types are presented. A phylogenetic analysis of the new pool of bona fide enediyne PKS genes, consisting of three from 9-membered producers (neocarzinostatin, C1027, and maduropeptin) and three from 10-membered producers (calicheamicin, dynemicin, and esperamicin), reveals a clear genotypic distinction between the two structural families from which to form a predictive model. The results from this study support the postulation that the minimal enediyne PKS helps define the structural divergence of the enediyne core and provides the key tools for generating enediyne hybrid genes/molecular scaffolds; by using the model, a classification is also provided for the unknown enediyne PKS genes previously identified via genome scanning.	1
Title: Molecular genetic analysis of the orsellinic acid/F9775 gene cluster of Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: F-9775A and F-9775B are cathepsin K inhibitors that arise from a chromatin remodelling deletant strain of Aspergillus nidulans. A polyketide synthase gene has been determined to be responsible for their formation and for the simpler, archetypical polyketide orsellinic acid. We have discovered simple culture conditions that result in the production of the three compounds, and this facilitates analysis of the genes responsible for their synthesis. We have now analysed the F9775/orsellinic acid gene cluster using a set of targeted deletions. We find that the polyketide synthase alone is required for orsellinic acid biosynthesis and only two additional genes in the cluster are required for F9775 A and B synthesis. Our deletions also yielded the bioactive metabolites gerfelin and diorcinol.	1
Title: Intimate bacterial-fungal interaction triggers biosynthesis of archetypal polyketides in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Fungi produce numerous low molecular weight molecules endowed with a multitude of biological activities. However, mining the full-genome sequences of fungi indicates that their potential to produce secondary metabolites is greatly underestimated. Because most of the biosynthesis gene clusters are silent under laboratory conditions, one of the major challenges is to understand the physiological conditions under which these genes are activated. Thus, we cocultivated the important model fungus Aspergillus nidulans with a collection of 58 soil-dwelling actinomycetes. By microarray analyses of both Aspergillus secondary metabolism and full-genome arrays and Northern blot and quantitative RT-PCR analyses, we demonstrate at the molecular level that a distinct fungal-bacterial interaction leads to the specific activation of fungal secondary metabolism genes. Most surprisingly, dialysis experiments and electron microscopy indicated that an intimate physical interaction of the bacterial and fungal mycelia is required to elicit the specific response. Gene knockout experiments provided evidence that one induced gene cluster codes for the long-sought after polyketide synthase (PKS) required for the biosynthesis of the archetypal polyketide orsellinic acid, the typical lichen metabolite lecanoric acid, and the cathepsin K inhibitors F-9775A and F-9775B. A phylogenetic analysis demonstrates that orthologs of this PKS are widespread in nature in all major fungal groups, including mycobionts of lichens. These results provide evidence of specific interaction among microorganisms belonging to different domains and support the hypothesis that not only diffusible signals but intimate physical interactions contribute to the communication among microorganisms and induction of otherwise silent biosynthesis genes.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of 16-membered macrolide antibiotic FD-891: involvement of a dual functional cytochrome P450 monooxygenase catalyzing epoxidation and hydroxylation Abstract: FD-891 is a 16-membered cytotoxic antibiotic macrolide that is especially active against human leukemia such as HL-60 and Jurkat cells. We identified the FD-891 biosynthetic (gfs) gene cluster from the producer Streptomyces graminofaciens A-8890 by using typical modular type I polyketide synthase (PKS) genes as probes. The gfs gene cluster contained five typical modular type I PKS genes (gfsA, B, C, D, and E), a cytochrome P450 gene (gfsF), a methyltransferase gene (gfsG), and a regulator gene (gfsR). The gene organization of PKSs agreed well with the basic polyketide skeleton of FD-891 including the oxidation states and alpha-alkyl substituent determined by the substrate specificities of the acyltransferase (AT) domains. To clarify the involvement of the gfs genes in the FD-891 biosynthesis, the P450 gfsF gene was inactivated; this resulted in the loss of FD-891 production. Instead, the gfsF gene-disrupted mutant accumulated a novel FD-891 analogue 25-O-methyl-FD-892, which lacked the epoxide and the hydroxyl group of FD-891. Furthermore, the recombinant GfsF enzyme coexpressed with putidaredoxin and putidaredoxin reductase converted 25-O-methyl-FD-892 into FD-891. In the course of the GfsF reaction, 10-deoxy-FD-891 was isolated as an enzymatic reaction intermediate, which was also converted into FD-891 by GfsF. Therefore, it was clearly found that the cytochrome P450 GfsF catalyzes epoxidation and hydroxylation in a stepwise manner in the FD-891 biosynthesis. These results clearly confirmed that the identified gfs genes are responsible for the biosynthesis of FD-891 in S. graminofaciens.	1
Title: Genome mining of the Streptomyces avermitilis genome and development of genome-minimized hosts for heterologous expression of biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: To date, several actinomycete genomes have been completed and annotated. Among them, Streptomyces microorganisms are of major pharmaceutical interest because they are a rich source of numerous secondary metabolites. S. avermitilis is an industrial microorganism used for the production of an anthelmintic agent, avermectin, which is a commercially important antiparasitic agent in human and veterinary medicine, and agricultural pesticides. Genome analysis of S. avermitilis provides significant information for not only industrial applications but also understanding the features of this genus. On genome mining of S. avermitilis, the microorganism has been found to harbor at least 38 secondary metabolic gene clusters and 46 insertion sequence (IS)-like sequences on the genome, which have not been searched so far. A significant use of the genome data of Streptomyces microorganisms is the construction of a versatile host for heterologous expression of exogenous biosynthetic gene clusters by genetic engineering. Since S. avermitilis is used as an industrial microorganism, the microorganism is already optimized for the efficient supply of primary metabolic precursors and biochemical energy to support multistep biosynthesis. The feasibility of large-deletion mutants of S. avermitilis has been confirmed by heterologous expression of more than 20 exogenous biosynthetic gene clusters.	1
Title: Elucidation of the biosynthetic gene cluster and the post-PKS modification mechanism for fostriecin in Streptomyces pulveraceus Abstract: Fostriecin is a unique phosphate monoester antibiotic that was isolated from Streptomyces pulveraceus as a protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A) and PP4A selective inhibitor. However, its biosynthetic mechanism remains to be elucidated. In this study, a 73 kb gene cluster encoding a six modular Type I polyketide synthases (PKS) and seven tailoring enzymes was identified by cosmid sequencing from the producer. The functions of two tailoring enzymes were characterized by gene disruption and an in vitro enzyme activity assay. Remarkably, the isolation of three malonylated fostriecin analogs from post-PKS gene knockout mutants indicated malonylated-polyketide formation could be a normal biosynthetic process in the formation of the unsaturated six-membered lactone in fostriecin. Based on this study, a comprehensive post-PKS modification mechanism for fostriecin biosynthesis was proposed.	1
Title: A polyketide synthase gene required for biosynthesis of fumonisin mycotoxins in Gibberella fujikuroi mating population A Abstract: Fumonisins are toxins associated with several mycotoxicoses and are produced by the maize pathogen Gibberella fujikuroi mating population A (MP-A). Biochemical analyses indicate that fumonisins are a product of either polyketide or fatty acid biosynthesis. To isolate a putative polyketide synthase (PKS) gene involved in fumonisin biosynthesis, we employed PCR with degenerate PKS primers and a cDNA template prepared from a fumonisin-producing culture of G. fujikuroi. Sequence analysis of the single PCR product and its flanking DNA revealed a gene (FUM5) with a 7.8-kb coding region. The predicted FUM5 translation product was highly similar to bacterial and fungal Type I PKSs. Transformation of a cosmid clone carrying FUM5 into G. fujikuroi enhanced production in three strains and restored wild-type production in a fumonisin nonproducing mutant. Disruption of FUM5 reduced fumonisin production by over 99% in G. fujikuroi MP-A. Together, these results indicate that FUM5 is a PKS gene required for fumonisin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of four clustered and coregulated genes associated with fumonisin biosynthesis in Fusarium verticillioides Abstract: Fumonisins are mycotoxins that cause several fatal animal diseases, including cancer in rats and mice. These toxins are produced by several Fusarium species, including the maize pathogen Fusarium verticillioides, and can accumulate in maize infected with the fungus. We have identified four F. verticillioides genes (FUM6, FUM7, FUM8, and FUM9) adjacent to FUM5, a previously identified polyketide synthase gene that is required for fumonisin biosynthesis. Gene disruption analysis revealed that FUM6 and FUM8 are required for fumonisin production and Northern blot analysis revealed that expression of all four recently identified genes is correlated with fumonisin production. Nucleotide sequence analysis indicated that the predicted FUM6 translation product is most similar to cytochrome P450 monooxygenase-P450 reductase fusion proteins and the predicted products of FUM7, FUM8, and FUM9 are most similar to type III alcohol dehydrogenases, class-II alpha-aminotransferases, and dioxygenases, respectively. Together, these data are consistent with FUM5 through FUM9 being part of a fumonisin biosynthetic gene cluster in F. verticillioides.	1
Title: FUM1--a gene required for fumonisin biosynthesis but not for maize ear rot and ear infection by Gibberella moniliformis in field tests Abstract: We have analyzed the role of fumonisins in infection of maize (Zea mays) by Gibberella moniliformis (anamorph Fusarium verticillioides) in field tests in Illinois and Iowa, United States. Fumonisin-nonproducing mutants were obtained by disrupting FUM1 (previously FUM5), the gene encoding a polyketide synthase required for fumonisin biosynthesis. Maize ear rot, ear infection, and fumonisin contamination were assessed by silk-channel injection in 1999 and 2000 and also by spray application onto maize silks, injection into maize stalks, and application with maize seeds at planting in 1999. Ear rot was evaluated by visual assessment of whole ears and by calculating percentage of symptomatic kernels by weight. Fumonisin levels in kernels were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography. The presence of applied strains in kernels was determined by analysis of recovered isolates for genetic markers and fumonisin production. Two independent fumonisin-nonproducing (fum1-3 and fum1-4) mutants were similar to their respective fumonisin-producing (FUM1-1) progenitor strains in ability to cause ear rot following silk-channel injection and also were similar in ability to infect maize ears following application by all four methods tested. This evidence confirms that fumonisins are not required for G. moniliformis to cause maize ear rot and ear infection.	1
Title: Co-expression of 15 contiguous genes delineates a fumonisin biosynthetic gene cluster in Gibberella moniliformis Abstract: Fumonisins are mycotoxins produced by the maize pathogen Gibberella moniliformis and are associated with cancer in rodents. In this study, we determined the nucleotide sequence of a 75-kb region of G. moniliformis DNA and identified 18 heretofore undescribed genes flanking a cluster of five previously identified fumonisin biosynthetic (FUM) genes. Ten of the newly identified genes downstream of the cluster were coregulated with FUM genes and exhibited patterns of expression that were correlated with fumonisin production. BLASTX analyses indicated that the predicted functions of proteins encoded by the 10 genes were consistent with activities expected for fumonisin biosynthesis or self-protection. These data indicate that the 10 newly identified genes and the previously identified FUM genes constitute a fumonisin biosynthetic gene cluster. Disruption of two of the new genes, encoding longevity assurance factors, had no apparent effect on fumonisin production, but disruption of a third, encoding an ABC transporter, had a subtle effect on ratios of fumonisins produced.	1
Title: FUM9 is required for C-5 hydroxylation of fumonisins and complements the meitotically defined Fum3 locus in Gibberella moniliformis Abstract: Deletion of the Gibberella moniliformis FUM9 gene resulted in mutants that produce only fumonisins that lack a C-5 hydroxyl group. This phenotype is identical to that of previously described mutants with defective alleles at the meiotically defined Fum3 locus. Transformation with a wild-type FUM9 gene into a Fum3-defective mutant restored wild-type fumonisin production. These results indicate that the FUM9 protein catalyzes the C-5 hydroxylation of fumonisins and that FUM9 and the Fum3 locus are the same gene.	1
Title: Fumonisin production in the maize pathogen Fusarium verticillioides: genetic basis of naturally occurring chemical variation Abstract: Fumonisins are polyketide-derived mycotoxins produced by the maize pathogen Fusarium verticillioides. Previous analyses identified naturally occurring variants of the fungus that are deficient in fumonisin C-10 hydroxylation or that do not produce any fumonisins. In the current study, gene deletion and genetic complementation analyses localized the C-10 hydroxylation deficiency to a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase gene in the fumonisin biosynthetic gene (FUM) cluster. Sequence analysis indicated that the hydroxylation deficiency resulted from a single nucleotide insertion that caused a frame shift in the coding region of the gene. Genetic complementation localized the fumonisin-nonproduction phenotype to the polyketide synthase gene in the FUM cluster, and sequence analysis indicated that the nonproduction phenotype resulted from a nucleotide substitution, which introduced a premature stop codon in the coding region. These results provide the first direct evidence that altered fumonisin production phenotypes of naturally occurring F. verticillioides variants can result from single point mutations in the FUM cluster.	1
Title: The Fusarium verticillioides FUM gene cluster encodes a Zn(II)2Cys6 protein that affects FUM gene expression and fumonisin production Abstract: Fumonisins are mycotoxins produced by some Fusarium species and can contaminate maize or maize products. Ingestion of fumonisins is associated with diseases, including cancer and neural tube defects, in humans and animals. In fungi, genes involved in the synthesis of mycotoxins and other secondary metabolites are often located adjacent to each other in gene clusters. Such genes can encode structural enzymes, regulatory proteins, and/or proteins that provide self-protection. The fumonisin biosynthetic gene cluster includes 16 genes, none of which appear to play a role in regulation. In this study, we identified a previously undescribed gene (FUM21) located adjacent to the fumonisin polyketide synthase gene, FUM1. The presence of a Zn(II)2Cys6 DNA-binding domain in the predicted protein suggested that FUM21 was involved in transcriptional regulation. FUM21 deletion (Deltafum21) mutants produce little to no fumonisin in cracked maize cultures but some FUM1 and FUM8 transcripts in a liquid GYAM medium. Complementation of a Deltafum21 mutant with a wild-type copy of the gene restored fumonisin production. Analysis of FUM21 cDNAs identified four alternative splice forms (ASFs), and microarray analysis indicated the ASFs were differentially expressed. Based on these data, we present a model for how FUM21 ASFs may regulate fumonisin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Self-Protection against the Sphingolipid Biosynthesis Inhibitor Fumonisin B1 Is Conferred by a FUM Cluster-Encoded Ceramide Synthase Abstract: Fumonisin (FB) mycotoxins produced by species of the genus Fusarium detrimentally affect human and animal health upon consumption, due to the inhibition of ceramide synthase. In the present work, we set out to identify mechanisms of self-protection employed by the FB1 producer Fusarium verticillioides FB1 biosynthesis was shown to be compartmentalized, and two cluster-encoded self-protection mechanisms were identified. First, the ATP-binding cassette transporter Fum19 acts as a repressor of the FUM gene cluster. Appropriately, FUM19 deletion and overexpression increased and decreased, respectively, the levels of intracellular and secreted FB1 Second, the cluster genes FUM17 and FUM18 were shown to be two of five ceramide synthase homologs in Fusarium verticillioides, grouping into the two clades CS-I and CS-II in a phylogenetic analysis. The ability of FUM18 to fully complement the yeast ceramide synthase null mutant LAG1/LAC1 demonstrated its functionality, while coexpression of FUM17 and CER3 partially complemented, likely via heterodimer formation. Cell viability assays revealed that Fum18 contributes to the fungal self-protection against FB1 and increases resistance by providing FUM cluster-encoded ceramide synthase activity.IMPORTANCE The biosynthesis of fungal natural products is highly regulated not only in terms of transcription and translation but also regarding the cellular localization of the biosynthetic pathway. In all eukaryotes, the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is involved in the production of organelles, which are subject to cellular traffic or secretion. Here, we show that in Fusarium verticillioides, early steps in fumonisin production take place in the ER, together with ceramide biosynthesis, which is targeted by the mycotoxin. A first level of self-protection is given by the presence of a FUM cluster-encoded ceramide synthase, Fum18, hitherto uncharacterized. In addition, the final fumonisin biosynthetic step occurs in the cytosol and is thereby spatially separate from the fungal ceramide synthases. We suggest that these strategies help the fungus to avoid self-poisoning during mycotoxin production.	1
Title: A fumonisin biosynthetic gene cluster in Fusarium oxysporum strain O-1890 and the genetic basis for B versus C fumonisin production Abstract: Most species of Fusarium that produce fumonisin mycotoxins produce predominantly B fumonisins (FBs). However, Fusarium oxysporum strain O-1890 produces predominantly C fumonisins (FCs). In this study, the nucleotide sequence of the fumonisin biosynthetic gene (FUM) cluster in strain O-1890 was determined. The order and orientation of FUM genes were the same as in the previously described clusters in Fusarium verticillioides and Fusarium proliferatum. Coding regions of F. oxysporum and F. verticillioides FUM genes were 88-92% identical, but regions flanking the clusters did not share significant identity. The FUM cluster gene FUM8 encodes an alpha-oxoamine synthase, and fum8 mutants of F. verticillioides do not produce fumonisins. Complementation of a fum8 mutant with the F. verticillioidesFUM8 restored FB production. Complementation with F. oxysporumFUM8 also restored production, but the fumonisins produced were predominantly FCs. These data indicate that different orthologues of FUM8 determine whether Fusarium produces predominantly FBs or FCs.	1
Title: Fusarin C biosynthesis in Fusarium moniliforme and Fusarium venenatum Abstract: Fragments of polyketide synthase (PKS) genes were amplified from complementary DNA (cDNA) of the fusarin C producing filamentous fungi Fusarium moniliforme and Fusarium venenatum by using degenerate oligonucleotides designed to select for fungal PKS C-methyltransferase (CMeT) domains. The PCR products, which were highly homologous to fragments of known fungal PKS CMeT domains, were used to probe cDNA and genomic DNA (gDNA) libraries of F. moniliforme and F. venenatum. A 4.0 kb cDNA clone from F. venenatum was isolated and used to prepare a hygromycin-resistance knockout cassette, which was used to produce a fusarin-deficient strain of F. venenatum (kb = 1000 bp). Similarly, a 26 kb genomic fragment, isolated on two overlapping clones from F. moniliforme, encoded a complete iterative Type I PKS fused to an unusual nonribosomal peptide synthase module. Once again, targeted gene disruption produced a fusarin-deficient strain, thereby proving that this synthase is responsible for the first steps of fusarin biosynthesis.	1
Title: The methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein biosynthesis locus and the nearby gene with the beta-ketoacyl synthase domain are involved in the biosynthesis of galbonolides in Streptomyces galbus, but these loci are separate from the modular polyketide synthase gene cluster Abstract: Galbonolides A and B are antifungal compounds, which are produced by Streptomyces galbus. A multimodular polyketide synthase (PKS) was predicted to catalyze their biosynthesis, and a methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein (methoxymalonyl-ACP) was expected to be involved in the biosynthesis of galbonolide A. Cloning of a methoxymalonyl-ACP biosynthesis locus (galGHIJK) and the flanking regions has revealed that the locus is colocalized with beta-ketoacyl synthase (KAS)-related genes (orf3, 4, and 5), but separated from any multimodular PKS gene cluster in S. galbus. A galI-disruption mutant (SK-galI-5) is unable to produce galbonolide A, but can synthesize galbonolide B, indicating that galGHIJK is involved in the biosynthesis of galbonolide A. A disruption mutant of orf4 is severely impaired in the production of both galbonolides A and B. These results indicate that galGHIJK and the KAS genes are involved in the biosynthesis of galbonolides, although they are not colocalized with a multimodular PKS gene cluster. We further propose that a single galbonolide PKS generates two discrete structures, galbonolides A and B, by alternatively incorporating methoxymalonate and methylmalonate, respectively.	1
Title: A single module type I polyketide synthase directs de novo macrolactone biogenesis during galbonolide biosynthesis in Streptomyces galbus Abstract: Galbonolide (GAL) A and B are antifungal macrolactone polyketides produced by Streptomyces galbus. During their polyketide chain assembly, GAL-A and -B incorporate methoxymalonate and methylmalonate, respectively, in the fourth chain extension step. The methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein biosynthesis locus (galG to K) is specifically involved in GAL-A biosynthesis, and this locus is neighbored by a gene cluster composed of galA-E. GalA-C constitute a single module, highly reducing type I polyketide synthase (PKS). GalD and GalE are cytochrome P450 and Rieske domain protein, respectively. Gene knock-out experiments verified that galB, -C, and -D are essential for GAL biosynthesis. A galD mutant accumulated a GAL-C that lacked two hydroxyl groups and a double bond when compared with GAL-B. A [U-(13)C]propionate feeding experiment indicated that no rare precursor other than methoxymalonate was incorporated during GAL biogenesis. A search of the S. galbus genome for a modular type I PKS system, the type that was expected to direct GAL biosynthesis, resulted in the identification of only one modular type I PKS gene cluster. Homology analysis indicated that this PKS gene cluster is the locus for vicenistatin biosynthesis. This cluster was previously reported in Streptomyces halstedii. A gene deletion of the vinP2 ortholog clearly demonstrated that this modular type I PKS system is not involved in GAL biosynthesis. Therefore, we propose that GalA-C direct macrolactone polyketide formation for GAL. Our studies provide a glimpse into a novel biochemical strategy used for polyketide synthesis; that is, the iterative assembly of propionates with highly programmed β-keto group modifications.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a gene cluster for geldanamycin production in Streptomyces hygroscopicus NRRL 3602 Abstract: We illustrate the use of a PCR-based method by which the genomic DNA of a microorganism can be rapidly queried for the presence of type I modular polyketide synthase genes to clone and characterize, by sequence analysis and gene disruption, a major portion of the geldanamycin production gene cluster from Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. geldanus NRRL 3602.	1
Title: Characterization of tailoring genes involved in the modification of geldanamycin polyketide in Streptomyces hygroscopicus JCM4427 Abstract: Geldanamycin and its analogs are important anticancer agents that inhibit the newly targeted, heat-shock protein (Hsp) 90, which is a chaperone protein in eukaryotic cells. To resolve which geldanamycin biosynthetic genes are responsible for particular post-polyketide synthase (PKS) processing steps and in which order the reactions occur, we individually inactivated candidate genes in Streptomyces hygroscopicus subsp. duamyceticus JCM4427, and isolated and elucidated the structures of intermediates from each mutant. The results indicated that gel7 governs at least one of the benzoquinone ring oxidation steps. In addition, gel16 was found to be involved in double-bond formation between C-4 and C-5 of 4,5-dihydrogeldanamycin, which confirmed our previous findings that this double bond reduced during the post-PKS modification of the polyketide assembly. In addition, pro-geldanamycin, which does not possess a double bond at C-4/5, was purified from the gel7 and 8 double-gene-inactivated mutant.	1
Title: The LuxR family members GdmRI and GdmRII are positive regulators of geldanamycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces hygroscopicus 17997 Abstract: The recent sequencing of the DNA region of the geldanamycin post-polyketide synthase (PKS) modification gene clusters revealed the presence of two regulatory genes: gdmRI (2,907 bp) and gdmRII (2,766 bp). The deduced products of gdmRI and gdmRII (968 and 921 amino acid residues, respectively) were identified as homologues of the LuxR transcriptional regulatory proteins. Inactivation by gene replacement of gdmRI or gdmRII in the Streptomyces hygroscopicus 17997 genome resulted in a complete loss of geldanamycin production. Complementation by a plasmid carrying gdmRI or gdmRII restored geldanamycin production, suggesting that the products of these two regulatory genes are positive regulators that are required for geldanamycin biosynthesis. The gdmRI transcript was detected in the DeltagdmRII mutant, and the gdmRII was detected in the DeltagdmRI mutant, indicating that the two genes are transcribed independently and do not regulate each other. Time course of gene expression analysis by RT-PCR of the geldanamycin biosynthetic genes showed that the transcription of gdmRI and gdmRII correlates with that of genes involved in polyketide biosynthesis, but not with the post-PKS modification gene gdmN, whose transcription is initiated earlier. gdmRI or gdmRII gene disruptants did not transcribe the polyketide biosynthetic related genes pks, gdmF, and gdnA-O-P, but did trancribe gdmN. These results demonstrated that gdmRI and gdmRII are pathway-specific positive regulators that control the polyketide biosynthetic genes in geldanamycin biosynthesis, but not the post-PKS modification gene, gdmN.	1
Title: Elucidation of gephyronic acid biosynthetic pathway revealed unexpected SAM-dependent methylations Abstract: Gephyronic acid, a cytostatic polyketide produced by the myxobacterium Cystobacter violaceus Cb vi76, exhibits potent and selective eukaryotic protein synthesis inhibition. Next-generation sequencing of the C. violaceus genome revealed five type I polyketide synthases and post-PKS tailoring enzymes including an O-methyltransferase and a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase. Seven methyltransferase (MT) domains embedded within the PKS subunits were found to install the methyl branches throughout the gephyronic acid skeleton. A rare loading domain from the GNAT superfamily also contains an embedded MT domain that catalyzes the in situ production of an isobutyryl starter unit. Phylogenetic analysis identified new motifs that distinguish MT domains located in PKS pathways with in cis acyltransferase (AT) domains from MT domains located in PKS pathways with trans AT enzymes. The identification of the gene cluster sets the stage for the generation of a heterologous expression system, which will allow further investigation of selective eukaryotic protein synthesis inhibitors through the generation of gephyronic acid analogues.	1
Title: Complexity generation in fungal polyketide biosynthesis: a spirocycle-forming P450 in the concise pathway to the antifungal drug griseofulvin Abstract: Griseofulvin (1) is a spirocyclic fungal natural product used in treatment of fungal dermatophytes. Formation of the spirocycle, or the grisan scaffold, from a benzophenone precursor is critical for the activity of 1. In this study, we have systematically characterized each of the biosynthetic enzymes related to the biogenesis of 1, including the characterization of a new polyketide synthase GsfA that synthesizes the benzophenone precursor and a cytochrome P450 GsfF that performs oxidative coupling between the orcinol and the phloroglucinol rings to yield the grisan structure. Notably, the finding of GsfF is in sharp contrast to the copper-dependent dihydrogeodin oxidase that performs a similar reaction in the geodin biosynthetic pathway. The biosynthetic knowledge enabled the in vitro total biosynthesis of 1 from malonyl-CoA using all purified enzyme components. This work therefore completely maps out the previously unresolved enzymology of the biosynthesis of a therapeutically relevant natural product.	1
Title: Identification of the viridicatumtoxin and griseofulvin gene clusters from Penicillium aethiopicum Abstract: Penicillium aethiopicum produces two structurally interesting and biologically active polyketides: the tetracycline-like viridicatumtoxin 1 and the classic antifungal agent griseofulvin 2. Here, we report the concurrent discovery of the two corresponding biosynthetic gene clusters (vrt and gsf) by 454 shotgun sequencing. Gene deletions confirmed that two nonreducing PKSs (NRPKSs), vrtA and gsfA, are required for the biosynthesis of 1 and 2, respectively. Both PKSs share similar domain architectures and lack a C-terminal thioesterase domain. We identified gsfI as the chlorinase involved in the biosynthesis of 2, because deletion of gsfI resulted in the accumulation of decholorogriseofulvin 3. Comparative analysis with the P. chrysogenum genome revealed that both clusters are embedded within conserved syntenic regions of P. aethiopicum chromosomes. Discovery of the vrt and gsf clusters provided the basis for genetic and biochemical studies of the pathways.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthetic assembly of gulmirecins, macrolide antibiotics from the predatory bacterium Pyxidicoccus fallax Abstract: The gulmirecins constitute a new class of glycosylated macrolides that were isolated from the predatory bacterium Pyxidicoccus fallax HKI 727. Their structures were solved by a combination of NMR spectroscopic experiments and chemical derivatization. Analysis of the annotated gulmirecin gene cluster complemented the configurational assignment and provided insights into the stereochemical course of the biosynthetic assembly. The gulmirecins exhibit strong activity against staphylococci, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, but no cytotoxic effects on human cells.	1
Title: The complete biosynthetic gene cluster of the 28-membered polyketide macrolactones, halstoctacosanolides, from Streptomyces halstedii HC34 Abstract: Halstoctacoanolides A and B are 28-membered polyketide macrolactones and were isolated from Streptomyces halstedii HC34. The biosynthetic gene cluster (hls cluster) of halstoctacosanolides was completely identified from the genome library of Streptomyces halstedii HC34. DNA sequence analysis of ca. 100 kb region revealed that there were seven type I polyketide synthases (PKSs) and two cytochrome P450 monooxygenases in this cluster. Involvement of the gene cluster in the halstoctacosanolide biosynthesis was demonstrated by the gene disruption of P450 monooxygenase genes. The mutants produced a new deoxygenated halstoctacosanolide derivative, halstoctacosanolide C, which confirmed that the hls gene cluster was essential for the biosynthesis of halstoctacosanolides.	1
Title: Insights into the biosynthesis of the benzoquinone ansamycins geldanamycin and herbimycin, obtained by gene sequencing and disruption Abstract: Geldanamycin and the closely related herbimycins A, B, and C were the first benzoquinone ansamycins to be extensively studied for their antitumor properties as small-molecule inhibitors of the Hsp90 protein chaperone complex. These compounds are produced by two different Streptomyces hygroscopicus strains and have the same modular polyketide synthase (PKS)-derived carbon skeleton but different substitution patterns at C-11, C-15, and C-17. To set the stage for structural modification by genetic engineering, we previously identified the gene cluster responsible for geldanamycin biosynthesis. We have now cloned and sequenced a 115-kb segment of the herbimycin biosynthetic gene cluster from S. hygroscopicus AM 3672, including the genes for the PKS and most of the post-PKS tailoring enzymes. The similarities and differences between the gene clusters and biosynthetic pathways for these closely related ansamycins are interpreted with support from the results of gene inactivation experiments. In addition, the organization and functions of genes involved in the biosynthesis of the 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid (AHBA) starter unit and the post-PKS modifications of progeldanamycin were assessed by inactivating the subclusters of AHBA biosynthetic genes and two oxygenase genes (gdmM and gdmL) that were proposed to be involved in formation of the geldanamycin benzoquinoid system. A resulting novel geldanamycin analog, KOS-1806, was isolated and characterized.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of hygrocins, antitumor naphthoquinone ansamycins produced by Streptomyces sp. LZ35 Abstract: Hygrocins are naphthoquinone ansamycins with significant antitumor activities. Here, we report the identification and characterization of the hygrocin biosynthetic gene cluster (hgc) in Streptomyces sp. LZ35. A biosynthetic pathway is proposed based on bioinformatics analysis of the hgc genes and intermediates accumulated in selected gene disruption mutants. One of the steps during the biosynthesis of hygrocins is a Baeyer–Villiger oxidation between C5 and C6, catalyzed by luciferase- like monooxygenase homologue Hgc3. Hgc3 represents the founding member of a previously uncharacterized family of enzymes acting as Baeyer–Villiger monooxygenases.	1
Title: Genes for the biosynthesis of the fungal polyketides hypothemycin from Hypomyces subiculosus and radicicol from Pochonia chlamydosporia Abstract: Gene clusters for biosynthesis of the fungal polyketides hypothemycin and radicicol from Hypomyces subiculosus and Pochonia chlamydosporia, respectively, were sequenced. Both clusters encode a reducing polyketide synthase (PKS) and a nonreducing PKS like those in the zearalenone cluster of Gibberella zeae, plus enzymes with putative post-PKS functions. Introduction of an O-methyltransferase (OMT) knockout construct into H. subiculosus resulted in a strain with increased production of 4-O-desmethylhypothemycin, but because transformation of H. subiculosus was very difficult, we opted to characterize hypothemycin biosynthesis using heterologous gene expression. In vitro, the OMT could methylate various substrates lacking a 4-O-methyl group, and the flavin-dependent monooxygenase (FMO) could epoxidate substrates with a 1',2' double bond. The glutathione S-transferase catalyzed cis-trans isomerization of the 7',8' double bond of hypothemycin. Expression of both hypothemycin PKS genes (but neither gene alone) in yeast resulted in production of trans-7',8'-dehydrozearalenol (DHZ). Adding expression of OMT, expression of FMO, and expression of cytochrome P450 to the strain resulted in methylation, 1',2'-epoxidation, and hydroxylation of DHZ, respectively. The radicicol gene cluster encodes halogenase and cytochrome P450 homologues that are presumed to catalyze chlorination and epoxidation, respectively. Schemes for biosynthesis of hypothemycin and radicicol are proposed. The PKSs encoded by the two clusters described above and those encoded by the zearalenone cluster all synthesize different products, yet they have significant sequence identity. These PKSs may provide a useful system for probing the mechanisms of fungal PKS programming.	1
Title: Identification of the incednine biosynthetic gene cluster: characterization of novel β-glutamate-β-decarboxylase IdnL3 Abstract: A biosynthetic gene cluster for the 24-membered macrolactam antibiotic incednine was identified from the producer strain, Streptomyces sp. ML694-90F3. Among the putative incednine biosynthetic enzymes, a novel pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent β-glutamate-β-decarboxylase, IdnL3, was functionally characterized in vitro by demonstrating its (S)-3-aminobutyrate-forming activity with β-glutamate in the presence of PLP. Because (S)-3-aminobutyrate is known for the direct precursor of incednine, this enzyme supplies the unique β-amino acid starter unit. The identified gene cluster encodes five characteristic β-amino acid carrying enzymes, consisting of a pathway-specific ATP-dependent ligase, a discrete acyl carrier protein (ACP), β-aminoacyl-ACP β-amino group-protecting ATP-dependent ligase, dipeptidyl-ACP:PKS-loading ACP dipeptidyltransferase and a terminal amino acid peptidase, which are completely conserved in β-amino acid-containing macrolactam biosynthetic gene clusters. Overall, a plausible biosynthetic pathway for incednine was proposed.	1
Title: Analysis of the indanomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces antibioticus NRRL 8167 Abstract: Metabolites that harbor a core indane scaffold are found to have diverse biological properties. Indanomycin and related pyrroloketoindanes are ionophores and have demonstrated antiparasitic, insecticidal, and antibacterial activities. To understand the biochemical mechanisms guiding formation of the central indane ring, the biosynthetic gene cluster for indanomycin was identified from Streptomyces antibioticus NRRL 8167 and sequenced to approximately 80 kb; this revealed five genes encoding subunits of a polyketide synthase (PKS) and 18 other open reading frames. The involvement of this cluster in indanomycin biosynthesis was confirmed by deletion mutagenesis. The indanomycin PKS lacks the expected thioesterase at the carboxy terminus of the final module, and instead appears to house an incomplete module containing an unusual cyclase domain. These findings now enable additional detailed genetic and biochemical studies of the mechanisms guiding the generation of pyrroloketoindanes.	1
Title: Cloning and sequencing of the kedarcidin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptoalloteichus sp. ATCC 53650 revealing new insights into biosynthesis of the enediyne family of antitumor antibiotics Abstract: Enediyne natural product biosynthesis is characterized by a convergence of multiple pathways, generating unique peripheral moieties that are appended onto the distinctive enediyne core. Kedarcidin (KED) possesses two unique peripheral moieties, a (R)-2-aza-3-chloro-β-tyrosine and an iso-propoxy-bearing 2-naphthonate moiety, as well as two deoxysugars. The appendage pattern of these peripheral moieties to the enediyne core in KED differs from the other enediynes studied to date with respect to stereochemical configuration. To investigate the biosynthesis of these moieties and expand our understanding of enediyne core formation, the biosynthetic gene cluster for KED was cloned from Streptoalloteichus sp. ATCC 53650 and sequenced. Bioinformatics analysis of the ked cluster revealed the presence of the conserved genes encoding for enediyne core biosynthesis, type I and type II polyketide synthase loci likely responsible for 2-aza-l-tyrosine and 3,6,8-trihydroxy-2-naphthonate formation, and enzymes known for deoxysugar biosynthesis. Genes homologous to those responsible for the biosynthesis, activation, and coupling of the l-tyrosine-derived moieties from C-1027 and maduropeptin and of the naphthonate moiety from neocarzinostatin are present in the ked cluster, supporting 2-aza-l-tyrosine and 3,6,8-trihydroxy-2-naphthoic acid as precursors, respectively, for the (R)-2-aza-3-chloro-β-tyrosine and the 2-naphthonate moieties in KED biosynthesis.	1
Title: A new member of the 4-methylideneimidazole-5-one-containing aminomutase family from the enediyne kedarcidin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: 4-Methylideneimidazole-5-one (MIO)-containing aminomutases catalyze the conversion of L-α-amino acids to β-amino acids with either an (R) or an (S) configuration. L-phenylalanine and L-tyrosine are the only two natural substrates identified to date. The enediyne chromophore of the chromoprotein antitumor antibiotic kedarcidin (KED) harbors an (R)-2-aza-3-chloro-β-tyrosine moiety reminiscent of the (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-β-tyrosine moiety of the C-1027 enediyne chromophore, the biosynthesis of which uncovered the first known MIO-containing aminomutase, SgcC4. Comparative analysis of the KED and C-1027 biosynthetic gene clusters inspired the proposal for (R)-2-aza-3-chloro-β-tyrosine biosynthesis starting from 2-aza-L-tyrosine, featuring KedY4 as a putative MIO-containing aminomutase. Here we report the biochemical characterization of KedY4, confirming its proposed role in KED biosynthesis. KedY4 is an MIO-containing aminomutase that stereospecifically catalyzes the conversion of 2-aza-L-tyrosine to (R)-2-aza-β-tyrosine, exhibiting no detectable activity toward 2-aza-L-phenylalanine or L-tyrosine as an alternative substrate. In contrast, SgcC4, which stereospecifically catalyzes the conversion of L-tyrosine to (S)-β-tyrosine in C-1027 biosynthesis, exhibits minimal activity with 2-aza-L-tyrosine as an alternative substrate but generating (S)-2-aza-β-tyrosine, a product with the opposite stereochemistry of KedY4. This report of KedY4 broadens the scope of known substrates for the MIO-containing aminomutase family, and comparative studies of KedY4 and SgcC4 provide an outstanding opportunity to examine how MIO-containing aminomutases control substrate specificity and product enantioselectivity.	1
Title: Predictive model for epoxide hydrolase-generated stereochemistry in the biosynthesis of nine-membered enediyne antitumor antibiotics Abstract: Nine-membered enediyne antitumor antibiotics C-1027, neocarzinostatin (NCS), and kedarcidin (KED) possess enediyne cores to which activity-modulating peripheral moieties are attached via (R)- or (S)-vicinal diols. We have previously shown that this stereochemical difference arises from hydrolysis of epoxide precursors by epoxide hydrolases (EHs) with different regioselectivities. The inverting EHs, such as SgcF, hydrolyze an (S)-epoxide substrate to yield an (R)-diol in C-1027 biosynthesis, whereas the retaining EHs, such as NcsF2 and KedF, hydrolyze an (S)-epoxide substrate to yield an (S)-diol in NCS and KED biosynthesis. We now report the characterization of a series of EH mutants and provide a predictive model for EH regioselectivity in the biosynthesis of the nine-membered enediyne antitumor antibiotics. A W236Y mutation in SgcF increased the retaining activity toward (S)-styrene oxide by 3-fold, and a W236Y/Q237M double mutation in SgcF, mimicking NcsF2 and KedF, resulted in a 20-fold increase in the retaining activity. To test the predictive utility of these mutations, two putative enediyne biosynthesis-associated EHs were identified by genome mining and confirmed as inverting enzymes, SpoF from Salinospora tropica CNB-440 and SgrF (SGR_625) from Streptomyces griseus IFO 13350. Finally, phylogenetic analysis of EHs revealed a familial classification according to inverting versus retaining activity. Taken together, these results provide a predictive model for vicinal diol stereochemistry in enediyne biosynthesis and set the stage for further elucidating the origins of EH regioselectivity.	1
Title: Elucidation of the kijanimicin gene cluster: insights into the biosynthesis of spirotetronate antibiotics and nitrosugars Abstract: The antibiotic kijanimicin produced by the actinomycete Actinomadura kijaniata has a broad spectrum of bioactivities as well as a number of interesting biosynthetic features. To understand the molecular basis for its formation and to develop a combinatorial biosynthetic system for this class of compounds, a 107.6 kb segment of the A. kijaniata chromosome containing the kijanimicin biosynthetic locus was identified, cloned, and sequenced. The complete pathway for the formation of TDP-l-digitoxose, one of the two sugar donors used in construction of kijanimicin, was elucidated through biochemical analysis of four enzymes encoded in the gene cluster. Sequence analysis indicates that the aglycone kijanolide is formed by the combined action of a modular Type-I polyketide synthase, a conserved set of enzymes involved in formation, attachment, and intramolecular cyclization of a glycerate-derived three-carbon unit, which forms the core of the spirotetronate moiety. The genes involved in the biosynthesis of the unusual deoxysugar d-kijanose [2,3,4,6-tetradeoxy-4-(methylcarbamyl)-3-C-methyl-3-nitro-d-xylo-hexopyranose], including one encoding a flavoenzyme predicted to catalyze the formation of the nitro group, have also been identified. This work has implications for the biosynthesis of other spirotetronate antibiotics and nitrosugar-bearing natural products, as well as for future mechanistic and biosynthetic engineering efforts.	1
Title: Comparative characterization of the lactimidomycin and iso-migrastatin biosynthetic machineries revealing unusual features for acyltransferase-less type I polyketide synthases and providing an opportunity to engineer new analogues Abstract: Lactimidomycin (LTM, 1) and iso-migrastatin (iso-MGS, 2) belong to the glutarimide-containing polyketide family of natural products. We previously cloned and characterized the mgs biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces platensis NRRL 18993. The iso-MGS biosynthetic machinery featured an acyltransferase (AT)-less type I polyketide synthase (PKS) and three tailoring enzymes (MgsIJK). We now report cloning and characterization of the ltm biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces amphibiosporus ATCC 53964, which consists of nine genes that encode an AT-less type I PKS (LtmBCDEFGHL) and one tailoring enzyme (LtmK). Inactivation of ltmE or ltmH afforded the mutant strain SB15001 or SB15002, respectively, that abolished the production of 1, as well as the three cometabolites 8,9-dihydro-LTM (14), 8,9-dihydro-8S-hydroxy-LTM (15), and 8,9-dihydro-9R-hydroxy-LTM (13). Inactivation of ltmK yielded the mutant strain SB15003 that abolished the production of 1, 13, and 15 but led to the accumulation of 14. Complementation of the ΔltmK mutation in SB15003 by expressing ltmK in trans restored the production of 1, as well as that of 13 and 15. These results support the model for 1 biosynthesis, featuring an AT-less type I PKS that synthesizes 14 as the nascent polyketide intermediate and a cytochrome P450 desaturase that converts 14 to 1, with 13 and 15 as minor cometabolites. Comparative analysis of the LTM and iso-MGS AT-less type I PKSs revealed several unusual features that deviate from those of the collinear type I PKS model. Exploitation of the tailoring enzymes for 1 and 2 biosynthesis afforded two analogues, 8,9-dihydro-8R-hydroxy-LTM (16) and 8,9-dihydro-8R-methoxy-LTM (17), that provided new insights into the structure-activity relationship of 1 and 2. While 12-membered macrolides, featuring a combination of a hydroxyl group at C-17 and a double bond at C-8 and C-9 as found in 1, exhibit the most potent activity, analogues with a single hydroxyl or methoxy group at C-8 or C-9 retain most of the activity whereas analogues with double substitutions at C-8 and C-9 lose significant activity.	1
Title: New lactimidomycin congeners shed insight into lactimidomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces amphibiosporus Abstract: Lactimidomycin (LTM, 1) is a macrolide antitumor antibiotic with a glutarimide side chain from Streptomyces amphibiosporus ATCC53964. To further develop LTM and related analogues as drug candidates we have (i) improved LTM production by approximately 20 fold, (ii) identified three new metabolites (2-4) possibly involved in the LTM biosynthetic pathway; (iii) found 3 to be identical with a previously identified isomigrastatin precursor, (iv) determined the absolute stereochemistry of LTM, and (v) produced new LTM rearrangement products 2a-d and 4a-d.	1
Title: The large linear plasmid pSLA2-L of Streptomyces rochei has an unusually condensed gene organization for secondary metabolism Abstract: The complete nucleotide sequence of the large linear plasmid pSLA2-L in Streptomyces rochei strain 7434AN4 has been determined. pSLA2-L was found to be 210 614 bp long with a GC content of 72.8% and carries 143 open reading frames. It is especially noteworthy that three-quarters of the pSLA2-L DNA is occupied by secondary metabolism-related genes, namely two type I polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters for lankacidin and lankamycin, a mithramycin synthase-like type II PKS gene cluster, a carotenoid biosynthetic gene cluster and many regulatory genes. In particular, the lankacidin PKS is unique, because it may be a mixture of modular- and iterative-type PKSs and carries a fusion protein of non-ribosomal peptide synthetase and PKS. It is also interesting that all the homologues of the afsA, arpA, adpA and strR genes in the A-factor regulatory cascade in Streptomyces griseus were found on pSLA2-L, and disruption of the afsA homologue caused non-production of both lankacidin and lankamycin. These results, together with the finding of three possible replication origins at 50-63 kb from the right end, suggest that the present form of pSLA2-L might have been generated by a series of insertions of the biosynthetic gene clusters into the left side of the original plasmid.	1
Title: Identification of two polyketide synthase gene clusters on the linear plasmid pSLA2-L in Streptomyces rochei Abstract: The 200kb linear plasmid pSLA2-L was suggested to be involved in the production of two macrolide antibiotics, lankamycin (Lm) and lankacidin (Lc), in Streptomyces rochei 7434AN4. Hybridization experiments with the polyketide synthase (PKS) genes for erythromycin and actinorhodin identified two eryAI-homologous regions and an actI-homologous region on pSLA2-L. The nucleotide sequence of a 3.6kb SacI fragment carrying one of the eryAI-homologs revealed that it codes for part of a large protein with four domains for ketoreductase, acyl carrier protein, ketosynthase, and acyltransferase. Gene disruption confirmed that the two eryAI-homologs are parts of a large type-I PKS gene cluster for Lm. A 4.8kb DNA carrying the actI-homologous region contains four open reading frames (ORF1-ORF4) as well as an additional ORF, i.e. ORF5, which might code for a thioesterase. Deletion of the ORF2-ORF4 region showed that it is not involved in the synthesis of Lm or Lc. Thus, it was confirmed that pSLA2-L contains two PKS gene clusters for Lm and an unknown type-II polyketide.	1
Title: Physical mapping of the linear plasmid pSLA2-L and localization of the eryAI and actI homologs Abstract: The 200-kb linear plasmid pSLA2-L was suggested to be involved in the production of lankamycin and lankacidin in Streptomyces rochei 7434AN4. In this study, we have constructed a physical map for 23 PstI fragments of pSLA2-L, the sum of which was 206 kb. Detailed restriction maps for both ends of pSLA2-L revealed the presence of terminal inverted repeats, the size of which was found to be 2.1 kb by cloning and sequencing of the end-points. Hybridization experiments using two polyketide biosynthetic genes, eryAI and actI, located their homologous regions on PstI fragments A and I, respectively.	1
Title: Epoxide hydrolase Lsd19 for polyether formation in the biosynthesis of lasalocid A: direct experimental evidence on polyene-polyepoxide hypothesis in polyether biosynthesis Abstract: Polyether metabolites are an important class of natural products. Although their biosynthesis, especially construction of polyether skeletons, attracted organic chemists for many years, no experimental data on the enzymatic polyether formation has been obtained. In this study, a putative epoxide hydrolase gene lsd19 found on the biosynthetic gene cluster of an ionophore polyether lasalocid was cloned and successfully overexpressed in Escherichia coli. Using the purified Lsd19, a proposed substrate, bisepoxyprelasalocid, and its synthesized analogue were successfully converted into lasalocid A and its derivative via a 6-endo-tet cyclization mode. On the other hand, treatment of the bisepoxide with trichloroacetic acid gave isolasalocid A via a 5-exo-tet cyclization mode. Therefore, the enzymatic conversion observed in this study unambiguously showed that the bisepoxyprelasalocid is an intermediate of the lasalocid biosynthesis and that Lsd19 catalyzes the sequential cyclic ether formations involving an energetically disfavored 6-endo-tet cyclization. This is the first example of the enzymatic epoxide-opening reactions leading to a polyether natural product.	1
Title: Identification of a gene cluster of polyether antibiotic lasalocid from Streptomyces lasaliensis Abstract: Elucidation of enzymatic polyether formation is a long-standing controversial issue in organic chemistry. To address this intriguing issue, identifying the actual substrate for epoxidation and sequential cyclization is essential. We selected the representative polyether ionophore, lasalocid, which has been proposed to undergo no modification at the late stage of biosynthesis. Cloning and a sequence analysis revealed seven polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, epoxidase and epoxide hydrolase genes for sequential ether formation, and several putative genes for supplying ethylmalonyl-CoA. Based on bioinformatic data, we propose the lasalocid biosynthetic pathway which involves characteristic aromatic ring formation and sequential cyclic ether formation. The finding of a thioesterase domain at the C-terminal of the seventh PKS indicates that intriguing oxidative cascade cyclization would occur after cleavage of the polyketide intermediate from PKS. Based on this observation, we have recently reported the enzymatic transformation of a bisepoxide intermediate to lasalocid with the recombinant epoxide hydrolase, Lsd19.	1
Title: Analysis of specific mutants in the lasalocid gene cluster: evidence for enzymatic catalysis of a disfavoured polyether ring closure Abstract: Lasalocid is a highly atypical polyether ionophoric antibiotic, firstly because it contains a type of aromatic ring normally associated with fungal polyketides, and secondly because the formation of its tetrahydropyran ring appears to contravene Baldwin's rules, which predict the kinetically preferred routes for cyclisation reactions in organic chemistry. The lasalocid biosynthetic gene cluster has been cloned from Streptomyces lasaliensis, and the las locus (73,533 bp) was found to contain seven modular polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, including all the activities necessary for the synthesis of the aromatic moiety. Specific deletion from the gene cluster of the flanking lasC gene, which is predicted to encode a flavin-linked epoxidase, abolished production both of lasalocid and of the minor cometabolite iso-lasalocid without leading to accumulation of an identifiable intermediate; this suggests that oxidative cyclisation to form the polyether rings takes place on the PKS before release of the full-length polyketide product. Meanwhile, a mutant in which the adjacent epoxide hydrolase lasB had been deleted produced iso-lasalocid only. Iso-lasalocid differs from lasalocid in the replacement of the tetrahydropyran ring by a tetrohydrofuran ring and represents the kinetically favoured product of cyclisation. The LasB epoxide hydrolase is therefore directly implicated in control of the stereochemical course of polyether ring formation during lasalocid biosynthesis.	1
Title: Modulation of polyketide synthase activity by accessory proteins during lovastatin biosynthesis Abstract: Polyketides, the ubiquitous products of secondary metabolism in microorganisms, are made by a process resembling fatty acid biosynthesis that allows the suppression of reduction or dehydration reactions at specific biosynthetic steps, giving rise to a wide range of often medically useful products. The lovastatin biosynthesis cluster contains two type I polyketide synthase genes. Synthesis of the main nonaketide-derived skeleton was found to require the previously known iterative lovastatin nonaketide synthase (LNKS), plus at least one additional protein (LovC) that interacts with LNKS and is necessary for the correct processing of the growing polyketide chain and production of dihydromonacolin L. The noniterative lovastatin diketide synthase (LDKS) enzyme specifies formation of 2-methylbutyrate and interacts closely with an additional transesterase (LovD) responsible for assembling lovastatin from this polyketide and monacolin J.	1
Title: Optimizing natural products by biosynthetic engineering: discovery of nonquinone Hsp90 inhibitors Abstract: A biosynthetic medicinal chemistry approach was applied to the optimization of the natural product Hsp90 inhibitor macbecin. By genetic engineering, mutants have been created to produce novel macbecin analogues including a nonquinone compound (5) that has significantly improved binding affinity to Hsp90 (Kd 3 nM vs 240 nM for macbecin) and reduced toxicity (MTD > or = 250 mg/kg). Structural flexibility may contribute to the preorganization of 5 to exist in solution in the Hsp90-bound conformation.	1
Title: Elucidation of final steps of the marineosins biosynthetic pathway through identification and characterization of the corresponding gene cluster Abstract: The marine Streptomyces sp. CNQ-617 produces two diastereomers, marineosins A and B. These are structurally related to alkyl prodiginines, but with a more complex cyclization and an unusual spiroaminal skeleton. We report the identification of the mar biosynthetic gene cluster and demonstrate production of marineosins through heterologous expression in a S. venezuelae host named JND2. The mar cluster shares the same gene organization and has high homology to the genes of the red cluster (which directs the biosynthesis of undecylprodiginine) but contains an additional gene, named marA. Replacement of marA in the JND2 strain leads to the accumulation of premarineosin, which is identical to marineosin with the exception that the middle pyrrole (Ring B) has not been reduced. The final step of the marineosin pathway is thus a MarA catalyzed reduction of this ring. Replacement of marG (a homologue of redG that directs undecylprodiginine cyclization to give streptorubin B) in the JND2 strain leads to the loss of all spiroaminal products and the accumulation of 23-hydroxyundecylprodiginine and a shunt product, 23-ketoundecylprodiginine. MarG thus catalyzes the penultimate step of the marineosin pathway catalyzing conversion of 23-hydroxyundecylprodiginine to premarineosin. The preceding steps of the biosynthetic marineosin pathway likely mirror that in the red-directed biosynthetic process, with the exception of the introduction of the hydroxyl functionality required for spiroaminal formation. This work presents the first experimentally supported scheme for biosynthesis of marineosin and provides a new biologically active molecule, premarineosin.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the anti-parasitic agent megalomicin: transformation of erythromycin to megalomicin in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: Megalomicin is a therapeutically diverse compound which possesses antiparasitic, antiviral and antibacterial properties. It is produced by Micromonospora megalomicea and differs from the well-known macrolide antibiotic erythromycin by the addition of a unique deoxyamino sugar, megosamine, to the C-6 hydroxyl. We have cloned and sequenced a 48 kb segment of the megalomicin (meg) biosynthetic gene cluster which contains the modular polyketide synthase (PKS) and the complete pathway for megosamine biosynthesis. The similarities and distinctions between the related megalomicin and erythromycin gene clusters are discussed. Heterologous expression of the megalomicin PKS in Streptomyces lividans led to production of 6-deoxyerythronolide B, the same macrolactone intermediate for erythromycin. A 12 kb fragment harbouring the putative megosamine pathway was expressed in Saccharopolyspora erythraea, resulting in the conversion of erythromycin to megalomicin. Considering the extensive knowledge surrounding the genetic engineering of the erythromycin PKS and the familiarity with genetic manipulation and fermentation of S. erythraea, the ability to produce megalomicin in this strain should allow the engineering of novel megalomicin analogues with potentially improved therapeutic activities.	1
Title: Identification of a gene cluster encoding meilingmycin biosynthesis among multiple polyketide synthase contigs isolated from Streptomyces nanchangensis NS3226 Abstract: A cluster encoding genes for the biosynthesis of meilingmycin, a macrolide antibiotic structurally similar to avermectin and milbemycin alpha11, was identified among seven uncharacterized polyketide synthase gene clusters isolated from Streptomyces nanchangensis NS3226 by hybridization with PCR products using primers derived from the sequences of aveE, aveF and a thioesterase domain of the avermectin biosynthetic gene cluster. Introduction of a 24.1-kb deletion by targeted gene replacement resulted in a loss of meilingmycin production, confirming that the gene cluster encodes biosynthesis of this important anthelminthic antibiotic compound. A sequenced 8.6-kb fragment had aveC and aveE homologues ( meiC and meiE) linked together, as in the avermectin gene cluster, but the arrangement of aveF ( meiF) and the thioesterase homologues differed. The results should pave the way to producing novel insecticidal compounds by generating hybrids between the two pathways.	1
Title: Cloning of separate meilingmycin biosynthesis gene clusters by use of acyltransferase-ketoreductase didomain PCR amplification Abstract: Five meilingmycins, A to E, with A as the major component, were isolated from Streptomyces nanchangensis NS3226. Through nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) characterization, meilingmycins A to E proved to be identical to reported milbemycins alpha11, alpha13, alpha14, beta1, and beta9, respectively. Sequencing of a previously cloned 103-kb region identified three modular type I polyketide synthase genes putatively encoding the last 11 elongation steps, three modification proteins, and one transcriptional regulatory protein for meilingmycin biosynthesis. However, the expected loading module and the first two elongation modules were missing. In meilingmycin, the presence of a methyl group at C-24 and a hydroxyl group at C-25 suggests that the elongation module 1 contains a methylmalonyl-coenzyme A (CoA)-specific acyltransferase (ATp) domain and a ketoreductase (KR) domain. Based on the conserved motifs of the ATp and KR domains, a pair of primers was designed for PCR amplification, and a 1.40-kb expected fragment was amplified, whose sequence shows significant homology with the elongation module 1 of the aveA1-encoded enzyme AVES1. A polyketide synthase (PKS) gene encoding one loading and two elongation modules, with a downstream C-5-O-methyltransferase gene, meiD, was subsequently localized 55 kb apart from the previously sequenced region, and its deletion abolishes meilingmycin production. A series of deletions within the 55-kb intercluster region rules out its involvement in meilingmycin biosynthesis. Furthermore, gene deletion of meiD eliminates meilingmycins D and E, with methyls at C-5. Our work provides a more specific strategy for the cloning of modular type I PKS gene clusters. The cloning of the meilingmycin gene clusters paves the way for its pathway engineering.	1
Title: A gene cluster for macrolide antibiotic biosynthesis in Streptomyces venezuelae: architecture of metabolic diversity Abstract: In a survey of microbial systems capable of generating unusual metabolite structural variability, Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 15439 is notable in its ability to produce two distinct groups of macrolide antibiotics. Methymycin and neomethymycin are derived from the 12-membered ring macrolactone 10-deoxymethynolide, whereas narbomycin and pikromycin are derived from the 14-membered ring macrolactone, narbonolide. This report describes the cloning and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for these antibiotics. Central to the cluster is a polyketide synthase locus (pikA) that encodes a six-module system comprised of four multifunctional proteins, in addition to a type II thioesterase (TEII). Immediately downstream is a set of genes for desosamine biosynthesis (des) and macrolide ring hydroxylation. The study suggests that Pik TEII plays a role in forming a metabolic branch through which polyketides of different chain length are generated, and the glycosyl transferase (encoded by desVII) has the ability to catalyze glycosylation of both the 12- and 14-membered ring macrolactones. Moreover, the pikC-encoded P450 hydroxylase provides yet another layer of structural variability by introducing regiochemical diversity into the macrolide ring systems. The data support the notion that the architecture of the pik gene cluster as well as the unusual substrate specificity of particular enzymes contributes to its ability to generate four macrolide antibiotics.	1
Title: Identification of micromonolactam, a new polyene macrocyclic lactam from two marine Micromonospora strains using chemical and molecular methods: clarification of the biosynthetic pathway from a glutamate starter unit Abstract: Through a combination of chemical and molecular analysis, a new polyene macrolactam named micromonolactam was obtained from two marine-derived Micromonospora species. This new polyene metabolite is a constitutional isomer of salinilactam A but contains a different polyene pattern and one cis double bond, in contrast to the all trans structure reported for salinilactam A. The molecular analysis data also established that micromonolactam is a hybrid polyketide derived from 11 polyketide units and a modified glutamate starter unit.	1
Title: Insights into the evolution of macrolactam biosynthesis through cloning and comparative analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for a novel macrocyclic lactam, ML-449 Abstract: A new compound, designated ML-449, structurally similar to the known 20-membered macrolactam BE-14106, was isolated from a marine sediment-derived Streptomyces sp. Cloning and sequencing of the 83-kb ML-449 biosynthetic gene cluster revealed its high level of similarity to the BE-14106 gene cluster. Comparison of the respective biosynthetic pathways indicated that the difference in the compounds' structures stems from the incorporation of one extra acetate unit during the synthesis of the acyl side chain. A phylogenetic analysis of the beta-ketosynthase (KS) domains from polyketide synthases involved in the biosynthesis of macrolactams pointed to a common ancestry for the two clusters. Furthermore, the analysis demonstrated the formation of a macrolactam-specific subclade for the majority of the KS domains from several macrolactam-biosynthetic gene clusters, indicating a closer relationship between macrolactam clusters than with the macrolactone clusters included in the analysis. Some KS domains from the ML-449, BE-14106, and salinilactam gene clusters did, however, show a closer relationship with KS domains from the polyene macrolide clusters, suggesting potential acquisition rather than duplication of certain PKS genes. Comparison of the ML-449, BE-14106, vicenistatin, and salinilactam biosynthetic gene clusters indicated an evolutionary relationship between them and provided new insights into the processes governing the evolution of small-ring macrolactam biosynthesis.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of monacolin K biosynthetic gene cluster from Monascus pilosus Abstract: Monacolin K is a secondary metabolite synthesized by polyketide synthases (PKS) from Monascus, and it has the same structure as lovastatin, which is mainly produced by Aspergillus terreus. In the present study, a bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) clone, mps01, was screened from the BAC library constructed from Monascus pilosus BCRC38072 genomic DNA. The putative monacolin K biosynthetic gene cluster was found within a 42 kb region in the mps01 clone. The deduced amino acid sequences encoded by the nine genes designated as mokA- mokI, which share over 54% similarity with the lovastatin biosynthetic gene cluster in A. terreus, were assumed to be involved in monacolin K biosynthesis. A gene disruption construct designed to replace the central part of mokA, a polyketide synthase gene, in wild-type M. pilosus BCRC38072 with a hygromycin B resistance gene through homologous recombination, resulted in a mokA-disrupted strain. The disruptant did not produce monacolin K, indicating that mokA encoded the PKS responsible for monacolin K biosynthesis in M. pilosus BCRC38072.	1
Title: Effect of Temperature-Shift and Temperature-Constant Cultivation on the Monacolin K Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Expression in Monascus sp Abstract: In this study, the effects of temperature-shift (from 30 to 25 °C) and temperature-constant (at 30 °C) cultivation on the mass of Monascus fuliginosus CG-6 mycelia and concentration of the produced monacolin K (MK) were monitored. The expression levels of the MK biosynthetic genes of M. fuliginosus CG-6 at constant and variable culture temperatures were analysed by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). The total protein was collected and determined by liquid chromatography-electrospray ionisation with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS/MS). Results showed that the maximum mycelial mass in temperature-shift cultivation was only 0.477 g of dry cell mass per dish, which was lower than that in temperature-constant cultivation (0.581 g of dry cell mass per dish); however, the maximum concentration of MK in temperature-shift cultivation (34.5 µg/mL) was 16 times higher than that in temperature-constant cultivation at 30 °C (2.11 µg/mL). Gene expression analysis showed that the expression of the MK biosynthetic gene cluster at culture temperature of 25 °C was higher than that at 30 °C, which was similar to the trend of the MK concentration, except for individual MK B and MK C genes. Analysis of differential protein expression revealed that 2016 proteins were detected by LC-ESI-MS/MS. The expression level of efflux pump protein coded by the MK I gene exhibited the same upregulated trend as the expression of MK I in temperature-shift cultivation. Temperature-shift cultivation enhanced the expression of proteins in the secondary metabolite production pathway, but suppressed the expression of proteins involved in the mycelial growth.	1
Title: Glutamic acid promotes monacolin K production and monacolin K biosynthetic gene cluster expression in Monascus Abstract: This study investigated the effects of glutamic acid on production of monacolin K and expression of the monacolin K biosynthetic gene cluster. When Monascus M1 was grown in glutamic medium instead of in the original medium, monacolin K production increased from 48.4 to 215.4 mg l-1, monacolin K production increased by 3.5 times. Glutamic acid enhanced monacolin K production by upregulating the expression of mokB-mokI; on day 8, the expression level of mokA tended to decrease by Reverse Transcription-polymerase Chain Reaction. Our findings demonstrated that mokA was not a key gene responsible for the quantity of monacolin K production in the presence of glutamic acid. Observation of Monascus mycelium morphology using Scanning Electron Microscope showed glutamic acid significantly increased the content of Monascus mycelium, altered the permeability of Monascus mycelium, enhanced secretion of monacolin K from the cell, and reduced the monacolin K content in Monascus mycelium, thereby enhancing monacolin K production.	1
Title: Identification of the mokH gene encoding transcription factor for the upregulation of monacolin K biosynthesis in Monascus pilosus Abstract: Monacolin K is a secondary metabolite synthesized by polyketide synthases (PKS) from Monascus. The monacolin K biosynthetic gene cluster, mokA-mokI, has been characterized in Monascus pilosus. The mokH gene encoding Zn(II)2Cys6 binuclear DNA binding protein is assumed to be an activator for monacolin K production. In this study, the mokH gene was cloned and driven by the glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (gpd) promoter for overexpression in M. pilosus. The transformants containing an extra copy of the mokH gene were obtained and verified by PCR and Southern hybridization. The transcripts of mokH in the transformants were expressed significantly higher than those of the wild-type strain. The transformants were stably inherited through the next generation, as determined by observation of the enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP). The transformant T-mokH1 also showed a 1.7-fold higher production of monacolin K than the wild-type strain in a time course analysis. Analysis of the RT-PCR products demonstrated that the monacolin K biosynthetic genes in the transformant were expressed to a greater extent than those in the wild-type strain. These results indicated that mokH upregulated the transcription of monacolin K biosynthetic genes and increased monacolin K production.	1
Title: Identification of mokB involved in monacolin K biosynthesis in Monascus pilosus Abstract: Monacolin K (MK), which is widely used as an antihypercholesterolemia medicine, is produced as a fungal secondary metabolite through the polyketide pathway. The MK biosynthetic gene cluster proposed for Monascus pilosus BCRC38072 was also identified in M. pilosus NBRC4480. The mokB gene, located at the end of the putative gene cluster and possibly encoding polyketide synthase, was disrupted. The mokB disruptant did not produce MK, but accumulated an intermediate that was confirmed to be monacolin J, indicating that mokB encodes the polyketide synthase responsible for the biosynthesis of side-chain diketide moiety.	1
Title: The biosynthetic pathway for a thousand-year-old natural food colorant and citrinin in Penicillium marneffei Abstract: Monascorubrin and its derivatives are polyketides used as natural colorants for a wide range of food for more than one thousand years. Since the biosynthetic pathway for this ancient chemical compound is unknown and genome sequence unavailable for any Monascus species, monascorubrin production has relied on extraction from fungal cultures of Monascus species. In vitro synthesis and genetic manipulation are not possible. Here we report the polyketide gene cluster and pathway for monascorubrin biosynthesis in Penicillium marneffei, a diffusible red pigment-producing, thermal dimorphic fungus, taking advantage of available genome sequence and faster growth rate than Monascus species. We also documented that the red pigment of P. marneffei is a mixture of more than 16 chemical compounds, which are amino acid conjugates of monascorubrin and rubropunctatin, and showed that this polyketide gene cluster and pathway are also responsible for biosynthesis of ankaflavin and citrinin, a mycotoxin with nephrotoxic activity in mammals. The present study on elucidation of the biosynthetic pathway of monascorubrin is a proof-of-the-concept study that serves as a cornerstone for future studies on monascorubrin biosynthesis pathway dissection in Monascus species.	1
Title: Analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyether antibiotic monensin in Streptomyces cinnamonensis and evidence for the role of monB and monC genes in oxidative cyclization Abstract: The analysis of a candidate biosynthetic gene cluster (97 kbp) for the polyether ionophore monensin from Streptomyces cinnamonensis has revealed a modular polyketide synthase composed of eight separate multienzyme subunits housing a total of 12 extension modules, and flanked by numerous other genes for which a plausible function in monensin biosynthesis can be ascribed. Deletion of essentially all these clustered genes specifically abolished monensin production, while overexpression in S. cinnamonensis of the putative pathway-specific regulatory gene monR led to a fivefold increase in monensin production. Experimental support is presented for a recently-proposed mechanism, for oxidative cyclization of a linear polyketide intermediate, involving four enzymes, the products of monBI, monBII, monCI and monCII. In frame deletion of either of the individual genes monCII (encoding a putative cyclase) or monBII (encoding a putative novel isomerase) specifically abolished monensin production. Also, heterologous expression of monCI, encoding a flavin-linked epoxidase, in S. coelicolor was shown to significantly increase the ability of S. coelicolor to epoxidize linalool, a model substrate for the presumed linear polyketide intermediate in monensin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Chromatin-level regulation of biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: Loss-of-function Aspergillus nidulans CclA, a Bre2 ortholog involved in histone H3 lysine 4 methylation, activated the expression of cryptic secondary metabolite clusters in A. nidulans. One new cluster generated monodictyphenone, emodin and emodin derivatives, whereas a second encoded two anti-osteoporosis polyketides, F9775A and F9775B. Modification of the chromatin landscape in fungal secondary metabolite clusters allows for a simple technological means to express silent fungal secondary metabolite gene clusters.	1
Title: Characterization of the Aspergillus nidulans monodictyphenone gene cluster Abstract: Deletion of cclA, a component of the COMPASS complex of Aspergillus nidulans, results in the production of monodictyphenone and emodin derivatives. Through a set of targeted deletions in a cclA deletion strain, we have identified the genes required for monodictyphenone and emodin analog biosynthesis. Identification of an intermediate, endocrocin, from an mdpHDelta strain suggests that mdpH might encode a decarboxylase. Furthermore, by replacing the promoter of mdpA (a putative aflJ homolog) and mdpE (a putative aflR homolog) with the inducible alcA promoter, we have confirmed that MdpA functions as a coactivator. We propose a biosynthetic pathway for monodictyphenone and emodin derivatives based on bioinformatic analysis and characterization of biosynthetic intermediates.	1
Title: Genome-based deletion analysis reveals the prenyl xanthone biosynthesis pathway in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Xanthones are a class of molecules that bind to a number of drug targets and possess a myriad of biological properties. An understanding of xanthone biosynthesis at the genetic level should facilitate engineering of second-generation molecules and increasing production of first-generation compounds. The filamentous fungus Aspergillus nidulans has been found to produce two prenylated xanthones, shamixanthone and emericellin, and we report the discovery of two more, variecoxanthone A and epishamixanthone. Using targeted deletions that we created, we determined that a cluster of 10 genes including a polyketide synthase gene, mdpG, is required for prenyl xanthone biosynthesis. mdpG was shown to be required for the synthesis of the anthraquinone emodin, monodictyphenone, and related compounds, and our data indicate that emodin and monodictyphenone are precursors of prenyl xanthones. Isolation of intermediate compounds from the deletion strains provided valuable clues as to the biosynthetic pathway, but no genes accounting for the prenylations were located within the cluster. To find the genes responsible for prenylation, we identified and deleted seven putative prenyltransferases in the A. nidulans genome. We found that two prenyltransferase genes, distant from the cluster, were necessary for prenyl xanthone synthesis. These genes belong to the fungal indole prenyltransferase family that had previously been shown to be responsible for the prenylation of amino acid derivatives. In addition, another prenyl xanthone biosynthesis gene is proximal to one of the prenyltransferase genes. Our data, in aggregate, allow us to propose a complete biosynthetic pathway for the A. nidulans xanthones.	1
Title: Genetic and biosynthetic studies of the fungal prenylated xanthone shamixanthone and related metabolites in Aspergillus spp. revisited Abstract: Biosynthetic genes for the prenylated xanthone shamixanthone have been identified in the Aspergillus nidulans genome; based on assignment of putative functions from sequence analyses and selected gene deletions, a pathway was proposed leading from the anthraquinone emodin via the benzophenone carboxylic acid monodictyphenone and the xanthone emericellin to shamixanthone. Several aspects of this proposed pathway are inconsistent with previously identified biosynthetic intermediates: the anthraquinone chrysophanol and the benzophenone aldehyde derivatives arugosins F and A/B, isotopic labelling studies and chemical precedents. A new pathway is presented that provides a full rationale for the results of the gene deletion studies and reconciles them with previous biosynthetic results, and is in accord with established chemical and biosynthetic mechanisms. The importance of interpreting genetic information in terms of established biosynthetic events is discussed.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyketide macrolide mycinamicin in Micromonospora griseorubida Abstract: Mycinamicin, composed of a branched lactone and two sugars, desosamine and mycinose, at the C-5 and C-21 positions, is a 16-membered macrolide antibiotic produced by Micromonospora griseorubida A11725, which shows strong antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive bacteria. The nucleotide sequence (62 kb) of the mycinamicin biosynthetic gene cluster, in which there were 22 open reading frames (ORFs), was completely determined. All of the products from the 22 ORFs are responsible for the biosynthesis of mycinamicin II and self-protection against the compounds synthesized. Central to the cluster is a polyketide synthase locus (mycA), which encodes a seven-module system comprised of five multifunctional proteins. Immediately downstream of mycA, there is a set of genes for desosamine biosynthesis (mydA-G and mycB). Moreover, mydH, whose product is responsible for the biosynthesis of mycinose, lies between mydA and B. On the other hand, eight ORFs were detected upstream of the mycinamicin PKS gene. The myrB, mycG, and mycF genes had already been characterized by Inouye et al. The other five ORFs (mycCI, mycCII, mydI, mycE, and mycD) lie between mycA1 and mycF, and these five genes and mycF are responsible for the biosynthesis of mycinose. In the PKS gene, four regions of KS and AT domains in modules 1, 4, 5, and 6 indicated that it does not show the high GC content typical for Streptomyces genes, nor the unusual frame plot patterns for Streptomyces genes. Methylmalonyl-CoA was used as substrate in the functional units of those four modules. The relationship between the substrate and the unusual frame plot pattern of the KS and AT domains was observed in the other PKS genes, and it is suggested that the KS-AT original region was horizontally transferred into the PKS genes on the chromosomal DNA of several actinomycetes strains.	1
Title: Giant plasmid-encoded polyketide synthases produce the macrolide toxin of Mycobacterium ulcerans Abstract: Mycobacterium ulcerans (MU), an emerging human pathogen harbored by aquatic insects, is the causative agent of Buruli ulcer, a devastating skin disease rife throughout Central and West Africa. Mycolactone, an unusual macrolide with cytotoxic and immunosuppressive properties, is responsible for the massive s.c. tissue destruction seen in Buruli ulcer. Here, we show that MU contains a 174-kb plasmid, pMUM001, bearing a cluster of genes encoding giant polyketide synthases (PKSs), and polyketide-modifying enzymes, and demonstrate that these are necessary and sufficient for mycolactone synthesis. This is a previously uncharacterized example of plasmid-mediated virulence in a Mycobacterium, and the emergence of MU as a pathogen most likely reflects the acquisition of pMUM001 by horizontal transfer. The 12-membered core of mycolactone is produced by two giant, modular PKSs, MLSA1 (1.8 MDa) and MLSA2 (0.26 MDa), whereas its side chain is synthesized by MLSB (1.2 MDa), a third modular PKS highly related to MLSA1. There is an extreme level of sequence identity within the different domains of the MLS cluster (>97% amino acid identity), so much so that the 16 ketosynthase domains seem functionally identical. This is a finding of significant consequence for our understanding of polyketide biochemistry. Such detailed knowledge of mycolactone will further the investigation of its mode of action and the development of urgently needed therapeutic strategies to combat Buruli ulcer.	1
Title: Molecular basis for mycophenolic acid biosynthesis in Penicillium brevicompactum Abstract: Mycophenolic acid (MPA) is the active ingredient in the increasingly important immunosuppressive pharmaceuticals CellCept (Roche) and Myfortic (Novartis). Despite the long history of MPA, the molecular basis for its biosynthesis has remained enigmatic. Here we report the discovery of a polyketide synthase (PKS), MpaC, which we successfully characterized and identified as responsible for MPA production in Penicillium brevicompactum. mpaC resides in what most likely is a 25-kb gene cluster in the genome of Penicillium brevicompactum. The gene cluster was successfully localized by targeting putative resistance genes, in this case an additional copy of the gene encoding IMP dehydrogenase (IMPDH). We report the cloning, sequencing, and the functional characterization of the MPA biosynthesis gene cluster by deletion of the polyketide synthase gene mpaC of P. brevicompactum and bioinformatic analyses. As expected, the gene deletion completely abolished MPA production as well as production of several other metabolites derived from the MPA biosynthesis pathway of P. brevicompactum. Our work sets the stage for engineering the production of MPA and analogues through metabolic engineering.	1
Title: A complete gene cluster from Streptomyces nanchangensis NS3226 encoding biosynthesis of the polyether ionophore nanchangmycin Abstract: The PKS genes for biosynthesis of the polyether nanchangmycin are organized to encode two sets of proteins (six and seven ORFs, respectively), but are separated by independent ORFs that encode an epimerase, epoxidase, and epoxide hydrolase, and, notably, an independent ACP. One of the PKS modules lacks a corresponding ACP. We propose that the process of oxidative cyclization to form the polyether structure occurs when the polyketide chain is still anchored on the independent ACP before release. 4-O-methyl-L-rhodinose biosynthesis and its transglycosylation involve four putative genes, and regulation of nanchangmycin biosynthesis seems to involve activation as well as repression. In-frame deletion of a KR6 domain generated the nanchangmycin aglycone with loss of 4-O-methyl-L-rhodinose and antibacterial activity, in agreement with the assignments of the PKS domains catalyzing specific biosynthetic steps.	1
Title: Cloning and functional analysis of the naphthomycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. CS Abstract: Naphthomycins (NATs) are 29-membered naphthalenic ansamacrolactam antibiotics with antimicrobial and antineoplastic activities. Their biosynthesis starts from 3-amino-5-hydroxy-benzoic acid (AHBA). By PCR amplification with primers for AHBA synthase and amino-dehydroquinate (aDHQ) synthase, a genomic region containing orthologs of these genes was identified in Streptomyces sp. CS. It was confirmed to be involved in naphthomycin biosynthesis by deletion of a large DNA fragment, resulting in abolishment of naphthomycin production. A 106 kb region was sequenced, and 32 complete ORFs were identified, including five polyketide synthase genes, eight genes for AHBA synthesis, and putative genes for modification, regulation, transport or resistance. Targeted inactivation and complementation experiments proved that the halogenase gene nat1 is responsible for the chlorination of C-30 of NATs. The nat1 mutant could also be complemented with asm12, the halogenase gene of ansamitocin biosynthesis. Likewise, an asm12 mutant could be complemented with nat1, suggesting a similar catalytic mechanism for both halogenases. A putative hydroxylase gene, nat2, was also inactivated, whereupon the biosynthesis of NATs was completely abolished with a tetraketide desacetyl-SY4b accumulated, indicating the participation of nat2 in the formation of the naphthalene ring. The information presented here expands our understanding of the biosynthesis of naphthalenic ansamycins, and may pave the way for engineering ansamacrolactams with improved pharmaceutical properties.	1
Title: The developmentally regulated Aspergillus nidulans wA gene encodes a polypeptide homologous to polyketide and fatty acid synthases Abstract: The Aspergillus nidulans wA gene is required for synthesis of a green pigment present in the walls of mature asexual spores (conidia); wA mutants produce colorless (white) conidia. We determined the transcriptional structure and DNA sequence of the wA gene. wA consists of 5 exons separated by short (40-60 bp) introns. The processed transcript has the potential to encode a protein consisting of 1986 amino acid residues. The predicted WA polypeptide showed extensive sequence similarities with bacterial and fungal polyketide synthases and vertebrate fatty acid synthases, particularly within conserved active sites. Properties of the yellow conidial wall pigment intermediate suggest that it is a polyketide rather than a fatty acid. It is therefore likely that wA encodes all or part of a polyketide synthase involved in the formation of this pigment intermediate.	1
Title: The pleitropic regulator AdpAch is required for natamycin biosynthesis and morphological differentiation in Streptomyces chattanoogensis Abstract: The complete natamycin (NTM) biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces chattanoogensis was cloned and confirmed by the disruption of pathway-specific activator genes. Comparative cluster analysis with its counterpart in Streptomyces natalensis revealed different cluster architecture between these two clusters. Compared with the highly conserved coding sequences, sequence variations appear to occur frequently in the intergenic regions. The evolutionary change of nucleotide sequence in the intergenic regions has given rise to different transcriptional organizations in the two clusters and resulted in altered gene regulation. These results provide insight into the evolution of antibiotic biosynthetic gene clusters. In addition, we cloned a pleitropic regulator gene, adpA(ch), in S. chattanoogensis. Using the genetic system that we developed for this strain, adpA(ch) was deleted from the genome of S. chattanoogensis. The ΔadpA(ch) mutant showed a conditionally sparse aerial mycelium formation phenotype and defects in sporulation; it also lost the ability to produce NTM and a diffusible yellow pigment normally produced by S. chattanoogensis. RT-PCR analysis revealed that transcription of adpA(ch) was constitutive in YEME liquid medium. By using rapid amplification of 5' complementary DNA ends, two transcription start sites were identified upstream of the adpA(ch) coding region. Quantitative transcriptional analysis showed that the expression level of the NTM regulatory gene scnRI decreased 20-fold in the ΔadpA(ch) mutant strain, while the transcription of the other activator gene scnRII was not significantly affected. Electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA) showed that AdpA(ch) binds to its own promoter but fails to bind to the promoter region of scnRI, indicating that the control of scnRI by AdpA(ch) is exerted in an indirect way. This work not only provides a platform and a new potential target for increasing the titre of NTM by genetic manipulation, but also advances the understanding of the regulation of NTM biosynthesis.	1
Title: Evolution of metabolic diversity in polyketide-derived pyrones: using the non-colinear aureothin assembly line as a model system Abstract: Polyketide-derived pyrones are structurally diverse secondary metabolites that are represented in all three kingdoms of life and are endowed with various biological functions. The aureothin family of Streptomyces metabolites was chosen as a model to study the factors governing structural diversity and the evolutionary processes involved. This review highlights recent insights into the non-colinear aureothin and neoaureothin modular type I polyketide synthase (PKS), aromatic starter unit biosynthesis, polyketide tailoring reactions, and a non-enzymatic polyene splicing cascade. Pyrone biosynthesis in bacteria, fungi, and plants is compared. Finally, various strategies to increase metabolic diversity of aureothin derivatives through mutasynthesis, pathway engineering, and biotransformation are presented. The unusual aureothin and neoaureothin assembly lines thus not only represent a model for PKS evolution, but provided important insights into non-canonical enzymatic processes that could be employed for the production of antitumor and antifungal agents.	1
Title: Potent in vitro antimalarial activity of metacycloprodigiosin isolated from Streptomyces spectabilis BCC 4785 Abstract: Bioassay-guided fractionation of the extract from the fermentation broth of Streptomyces spectabilis BCC 4785 led to the isolation of three principle antimalarial agents, metacycloprodigiosin, bafilomycin A(1), and spectinabilin. Metacycloprodigiosin exhibited potent in vitro activity against Plasmodium falciparum K1, with a 50% inhibitory concentration of 0.0050 +/- 0.0010 microg/ml, while its cytotoxicity was much weaker.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the spectinabilin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces spectabilis Abstract: Spectinabilin is a rare nitrophenyl-substituted polyketide metabolite. Here we report the cloning and heterologous expression of the spectinabilin gene cluster from Streptomyces spectabilis. Unexpectedly, this gene cluster is evolutionarily closer to the aureothin gene cluster than to the spectinabilin gene cluster from Streptomyces orinoci. Moreover, the two nearly identical spectinabilin gene clusters use a distinctly different regulation mechanism.	1
Title: Refactoring the silent spectinabilin gene cluster using a plug-and-play scaffold Abstract: Natural products (secondary metabolites) are a rich source of compounds with important biological activities. Eliciting pathway expression is always challenging but extremely important in natural product discovery because an individual pathway is tightly controlled through a unique regulation mechanism and hence often remains silent under the routine culturing conditions. To overcome the drawbacks of the traditional approaches that lack general applicability, we developed a simple synthetic biology approach that decouples pathway expression from complex native regulations. Briefly, the entire silent biosynthetic pathway is refactored using a plug-and-play scaffold and a set of heterologous promoters that are functional in a heterologous host under the target culturing condition. Using this strategy, we successfully awakened the silent spectinabilin pathway from Streptomyces orinoci. This strategy bypasses the traditional laborious processes to elicit pathway expression and represents a new platform for discovering novel natural products.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, and functional analysis of an iterative type I polyketide synthase gene cluster for biosynthesis of the antitumor chlorinated polyenone neocarzilin in "Streptomyces carzinostaticus" Abstract: Neocarzilins (NCZs) are antitumor chlorinated polyenones produced by "Streptomyces carzinostaticus" var. F-41. The gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of NCZs was cloned and characterized. DNA sequence analysis of a 33-kb region revealed a cluster of 14 open reading frames (ORFs), three of which (ORF4, ORF5, and ORF6) encode type I polyketide synthase (PKS), which consists of four modules. Unusual features of the modular organization is the lack of an obvious acyltransferase domain on modules 2 and 4 and the presence of longer interdomain regions more than 200 amino acids in length on each module. Involvement of the PKS genes in NCZ biosynthesis was demonstrated by heterologous expression of the cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor CH999, which produced the apparent NCZ biosynthetic intermediates dechloroneocarzillin A and dechloroneocarzilin B. Disruption of ORF5 resulted in a failure of NCZ production, providing further evidence that the cluster is essential for NCZ biosynthesis. Mechanistic consideration of NCZ formation indicates the iterative use of at least one module of the PKS, which subsequently releases its product by decarboxylation to generate an NCZ skeleton, possibly catalyzed by a type II thioesterase encoded by ORF7. This is a novel type I PKS system of bacterial origin for the biosynthesis of a reduced polyketide chain. Additionally, the protein encoded by ORF3, located upstream of the PKS genes, closely resembles the FADH(2)-dependent halogenases involved in the formation of halometabolites. The ORF3 protein could be responsible for the halogenation of NCZs, presenting a unique example of a halogenase involved in the biosynthesis of an aliphatic halometabolite.	1
Title: The neocarzinostatin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces carzinostaticus ATCC 15944 involving two iterative type I polyketide synthases Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the enediyne antitumor antibiotic neocarzinostatin (NCS) was localized to 130 kb continuous DNA from Streptomyces carzinostaticus ATCC15944 and confirmed by gene inactivation. DNA sequence analysis of 92 kb of the cloned region revealed 68 open reading frames (ORFs), 47 of which were determined to constitute the NCS cluster. Sequence analysis of the genes within the NCS cluster suggested dNDP-D-mannose as a precursor for the deoxy aminosugar, revealed two distinct type I polyketide synthases (PKSs), and supported a convergent model for NCS chromophore biosynthesis from the deoxy aminosugar, naphthoic acid, and enediyne core building blocks. These findings shed light into deoxysugar biosynthesis, further support the iterative type I PKS paradigm for enediyne core biosynthesis, and unveil a mechanism for microbial polycyclic aromatic polyketide biosynthesis by an iterative type I PKS.	1
Title: A phosphopantetheinylating polyketide synthase producing a linear polyene to initiate enediyne antitumor antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: The enediynes, unified by their unique molecular architecture and mode of action, represent some of the most potent anticancer drugs ever discovered. The biosynthesis of the enediyne core has been predicted to be initiated by a polyketide synthase (PKS) that is distinct from all known PKSs. Characterization of the enediyne PKS involved in C-1027 (SgcE) and neocarzinostatin (NcsE) biosynthesis has now revealed that (i) the PKSs contain a central acyl carrier protein domain and C-terminal phosphopantetheinyl transferase domain; (ii) the PKSs are functional in heterologous hosts, and coexpression with an enediyne thioesterase gene produces the first isolable compound, 1,3,5,7,9,11,13-pentadecaheptaene, in enediyne core biosynthesis; and (iii) the findings for SgcE and NcsE are likely shared among all nine-membered enediynes, thereby supporting a common mechanism to initiate enediyne biosynthesis.	1
Title: Regiospecific O-methylation of naphthoic acids catalyzed by NcsB1, an O-methyltransferase involved in the biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic neocarzinostatin Abstract: Neocarzinostatin, a clinical anticancer drug, is the archetypal member of the chromoprotein family of enediyne antitumor antibiotics that are composed of a nonprotein chromophore and an apoprotein. The neocarzinostatin chromophore consists of a nine-membered enediyne core, a deoxyaminosugar, and a naphthoic acid moiety. We have previously cloned and sequenced the neocarzinostatin biosynthetic gene cluster and proposed that the biosynthesis of the naphthoic acid moiety and its incorporation into the neocarzinostatin chromophore are catalyzed by five enzymes NcsB, NcsB1, NcsB2, NcsB3, and NcsB4. Here we report the biochemical characterization of NcsB1, unveiling that: (i) NcsB1 is an S-adenosyl-L-methionine-dependent O-methyltransferase; (ii) NcsB1 catalyzes regiospecific methylation at the 7-hydroxy group of its native substrate, 2,7-dihydroxy-5-methyl-1-naphthoic acid; (iii) NcsB1 also recognizes other dihydroxynaphthoic acids as substrates and catalyzes regiospecific O-methylation; and (iv) the carboxylate and its ortho-hydroxy groups of the substrate appear to be crucial for NcsB1 substrate recognition and binding, and O-methylation takes place only at the free hydroxy group of these dihydroxynaphthoic acids. These findings establish that NcsB1 catalyzes the third step in the biosynthesis of the naphthoic acid moiety of the neocarzinostatin chromophore and further support the early proposal for the biosynthesis of the naphthoic acid and its incorporation into the neocarzinostatin chromophore with free naphthoic acids serving as intermediates. NcsB1 represents another opportunity that can now be exploited to produce novel neocarzinostatin analogs by engineering neocarzinostatin biosynthesis or applying directed biosynthesis strategies.	1
Title: Molecular basis of substrate promiscuity for the SAM-dependent O-methyltransferase NcsB1, involved in the biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic neocarzinostatin Abstract: The small molecule component of chromoprotein enediyne antitumor antibiotics is biosynthesized through a convergent route, incorporating amino acid, polyketide, and carbohydrate building blocks around a central enediyne hydrocarbon core. The naphthoic acid moiety of the enediyne neocarzinostatin plays key roles in the biological activity of the natural product by interacting with both the carrier protein and duplex DNA at the site of action. We have previously described the in vitro characterization of an S-adenosylmethionine-dependent O-methyltransferase (NcsB1) in the neocarzinostatin biosynthetic pathway [Luo, Y., Lin, S., Zhang, J., Cooke, H. A., Bruner, S. D., and Shen, B. (2008) J. Biol. Chem. 283, 14694-14702]. Here we provide a structural basis for NcsB1 activity, illustrating that the enzyme shares an overall architecture with a large family of S-adenosylmethionine-dependent proteins. In addition, NcsB1 represents the first enzyme to be structurally characterized in the biosynthetic pathway of neocarzinostatin. By cocrystallizing the enzyme with various combinations of the cofactor and substrate analogues, details of the active site structure have been established. Changes in subdomain orientation were observed via comparison of structures in the presence and absence of substrate, suggesting that reorientation of the enzyme is involved in binding of the substrate. In addition, residues important for substrate discrimination were predicted and probed through site-directed mutagenesis and in vitro biochemical characterization.	1
Title: Characterization of the epoxide hydrolase NcsF2 from the neocarzinostatin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Neocarzinostatin (1) biosynthesis is proposed to involve a vicinal diol intermediate. It is reported that NcsF2, one of two epoxide hydrolases encoded by the NCS gene cluster, catalyzes regiospecific addition of H(2)O to C-2 of both (R)- and (S)-styrene oxides to afford (R)- and (S)-1-phenyl-1,2-ethanediols, respectively, supporting its proposed role in 1 biosynthesis. (R)-1-Phenyl-1,2-ethanediol (87% yield and 99% ee) was obtained from (+/-)-styrene oxide hydrolysis by cocatalysis using NcsF2 and SgcF, the complementary epoxide hydrolase from the C-1027 biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the niddamycin polyketide synthase genes from Streptomyces caelestis Abstract: The genes encoding the polyketide synthase (PKS) portion of the niddamycin biosynthetic pathway were isolated from a library of Streptomyces caelestis NRRL-2821 chromosomal DNA. Analysis of 40 kb of DNA revealed the presence of five large open reading frames (ORFs) encoding the seven modular sets of enzymatic activities required for the synthesis of a 16-membered lactone ring. The enzymatic motifs identified within each module were consistent with those predicted from the structure of niddamycin. Disruption of the second ORF of the PKS coding region eliminated niddamycin production, demonstrating that the cloned genes are involved in the biosynthesis of this compound.	1
Title: Insights into polyether biosynthesis from analysis of the nigericin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. DSM4137 Abstract: Nigericin was among the first polyether ionophores to be discovered, but its biosynthesis remains obscure. The biosynthetic gene cluster for nigericin has been serendipitously cloned from Streptomyces sp. DSM4137, and deletion of this gene cluster abolished the production of both nigericin and the closely related metabolite abierixin. Detailed comparison of the nigericin biosynthetic genes with their counterparts in the biosynthetic clusters for other polyketides has prompted a significant revision of the proposed common pathway for polyether biosynthesis. In particular, we present evidence that in nigericin, nanchangmycin, and monensin, an unusual ketosynthase-like protein, KSX, transfers the initially formed linear polyketide chain to a discrete acyl carrier protein, ACPX, for oxidative cyclization. Consistent with this, deletion of either monACPX or monKSX from the monensin gene cluster effectively abolished monensin A biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the polyene antifungal antibiotic nystatin in Streptomyces noursei ATCC 11455: analysis of the gene cluster and deduction of the biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Background:                       The polyene macrolide antibiotic nystatin produced by Streptomyces noursei ATCC 11455 is an important antifungal agent. The nystatin molecule contains a polyketide moiety represented by a 38-membered macrolactone ring to which the deoxysugar mycosamine is attached. Molecular cloning and characterization of the genes governing the nystatin biosynthesis is of considerable interest because this information can be used for the generation of new antifungal antibiotics.                  Results:                       A DNA region of 123,580 base pairs from the S. noursei ATCC 11455 genome was isolated, sequenced and shown by gene disruption to be involved in nystatin biosynthesis. Analysis of the DNA sequence resulted in identification of six genes encoding a modular polyketide synthase (PKS), genes for thioesterase, deoxysugar biosynthesis, modification, transport and regulatory proteins. One of the PKS-encoding genes, nysC, was found to encode the largest (11,096 amino acids long) modular PKS described to date. Analysis of the deduced gene products allowed us to propose a model for the nystatin biosynthetic pathway in S. noursei.                  Conclusions:                       A complete set of genes responsible for the biosynthesis of the antifungal polyene antibiotic nystatin in S. noursei ATCC 11455 has been cloned and analyzed. This represents the first example of the complete DNA sequence analysis of a polyene antibiotic biosynthetic gene cluster. Manipulation of the genes identified within the cluster may potentially lead to the generation of novel polyketides and yield improvements in the production strains.	1
Title: Identification of functionally clustered nystatin-like biosynthetic genes in a rare actinomycetes, Pseudonocardia autotrophica Abstract: The polyene antibiotics, including nystatin, pimaricin, amphotericin, and candicidin, comprise a family of very valuable antifungal polyketide compounds, and they are typically produced by soil actinomycetes. Previously, using a polyene cytochrome P450 hydroxylase-specific genome screening strategy, Pseudonocardia autotrophica KCTC9441 was determined to contain genes potentially encoding polyene biosynthesis. Here, sequence information of an approximately 125.7-kb contiguous DNA region in five overlapping cosmids isolated from the P. autotrophica KCTC9441 genomic library revealed a total of 23 open reading frames, which are presumably involved in the biosynthesis of a nystatin-like compound tentatively named NPP. The deduced roles for six multi-modular polyketide synthase (PKS) catalytic domains were found to be highly homologous to those of previously identified nystatin biosynthetic genes. Low NPP productivity suggests that the functionally clustered NPP biosynthetic pathway genes are tightly regulated in P. autotrophica. Disruption of a NPP PKS gene completely abolished both NPP biosynthesis and antifungal activity against Candida albicans, suggesting that polyene-specific genome screening may constitute an efficient method for isolation of potentially valuable previously identified polyene genes and compounds from various rare actinomycetes widespread in nature.	1
Title: Genome sequence of an industrial microorganism Streptomyces avermitilis: deducing the ability of producing secondary metabolites Abstract: Streptomyces avermitilis is a soil bacterium that carries out not only a complex morphological differentiation but also the production of secondary metabolites, one of which, avermectin, is commercially important in human and veterinary medicine. The major interest in this genus Streptomyces is the diversity of its production of secondary metabolites as an industrial microorganism. A major factor in its prominence as a producer of the variety of secondary metabolites is its possession of several metabolic pathways for biosynthesis. Here we report sequence analysis of S. avermitilis, covering 99% of its genome. At least 8.7 million base pairs exist in the linear chromosome; this is the largest bacterial genome sequence, and it provides insights into the intrinsic diversity of the production of the secondary metabolites of Streptomyces. Twenty-five kinds of secondary metabolite gene clusters were found in the genome of S. avermitilis. Four of them are concerned with the biosyntheses of melanin pigments, in which two clusters encode tyrosinase and its cofactor, another two encode an ochronotic pigment derived from homogentiginic acid, and another polyketide-derived melanin. The gene clusters for carotenoid and siderophore biosyntheses are composed of seven and five genes, respectively. There are eight kinds of gene clusters for type-I polyketide compound biosyntheses, and two clusters are involved in the biosyntheses of type-II polyketide-derived compounds. Furthermore, a polyketide synthase that resembles phloroglucinol synthase was detected. Eight clusters are involved in the biosyntheses of peptide compounds that are synthesized by nonribosomal peptide synthetases. These secondary metabolite clusters are widely located in the genome but half of them are near both ends of the genome. The total length of these clusters occupies about 6.4% of the genome.	1
Title: Cloning of the pactamycin biosynthetic gene cluster and characterization of a crucial glycosyltransferase prior to a unique cyclopentane ring formation Abstract: The biosynthetic gene (pct) cluster for an antitumor antibiotic pactamycin was identified by use of a gene for putative radical S-adenosylmethionine methyltransferase as a probe. The pct gene cluster is localized to a 34 kb contiguous DNA from Streptomyces pactum NBRC 13433 and contains 24 open reading frames. Based on the bioinformatic analysis, a plausible biosynthetic pathway for pactamycin comprising of a unique cyclopentane ring, 3-aminoacetophenone, and 6-methylsalicylate was proposed. The pctL gene encoding a glycosyltransferase was speculated to be involved in an N-glycoside formation between 3-aminoacetophenone and UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine prior to a unique cyclopentane ring formation. The pctL gene was then heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli and the enzymatic activity of the recombinant PctL protein was investigated. Consequently, the PctL protein was found to catalyze the expected reaction forming beta-N-glycoside. The enzymatic activity of the PctL protein clearly confirmed that the present identified gene cluster is for the biosynthesis of pactamycin. Also, a glycosylation prior to cyclopentane ring formation was proposed to be a general strategy in the biosynthesis of the structurally related cyclopentane containing compounds.	1
Title: Deciphering pactamycin biosynthesis and engineered production of new pactamycin analogues Abstract: Pactamycin is an aminocyclopentitol-derived natural product that has potent antibacterial and antitumor activities. Sequence analysis of an 86 kb continuous region of the chromosome from Streptomyces pactum ATCC 27456 revealed a gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of pactamycin. Gene inactivation of the Fe-S radical SAM oxidoreductase (ptmC) and the glycosyltransferase (ptmJ), individually abrogated pactamycin biosynthesis; this confirmed the involvement of the ptm gene cluster in pactamycin biosynthesis. The polyketide synthase gene (ptmQ) was found to support 6-methylsalicylic acid (6-MSA) synthesis in a heterologous host, S. lividans T7. In vivo inactivation of ptmQ in S. pactum impaired pactamycin and pactamycate production but led to production of two new pactamycin analogues, de-6-MSA-pactamycin and de-6-MSA-pactamycate. The new compounds showed equivalent cytotoxic and antibacterial activities with the corresponding parent molecules and shed more light on the structure-activity relationship of pactamycin.	1
Title: Biosynthetic studies and genetic engineering of pactamycin analogs with improved selectivity toward malarial parasites Abstract: Pactamycin, one of the most densely functionalized aminocyclitol antibiotics, has pronounced antibacterial, antitumor, antiviral, and antiplasmodial activities, but its development as a clinical drug was hampered by its broad cytotoxicity. Efforts to modulate the biological activity by structural modifications using synthetic organic chemistry have been difficult because of the complexity of its chemical structure. However, through extensive biosynthetic studies and genetic engineering, we were able to produce analogs of pactamycin that show potent antimalarial activity, but lack significant antibacterial activity, and are about 10-30 times less toxic than pactamycin toward mammalian cells. The results suggest that distinct ribosomal binding selectivity or new mechanism(s) of action may be involved in their plasmodial growth inhibition, which may lead to the discovery of new antimalarial drugs and identification of new molecular targets within malarial parasites.	1
Title: Mutasynthesis of fluorinated pactamycin analogues and their antimalarial activity Abstract: A mutasynthetic strategy has been used to generate fluorinated TM-025 and TM-026, two biosynthetically engineered pactamycin analogues produced by Streptomyces pactum ATCC 27456. The fluorinated compounds maintain excellent activity and selectivity toward chloroquine-sensitive and multidrug-resistant strains of malarial parasites as the parent compounds. The results also provide insights into the biosynthesis of 3-aminobenzoic acid in S. pactum.	1
Title: A single PLP-dependent enzyme PctV catalyzes the transformation of 3-dehydroshikimate into 3-aminobenzoate in the biosynthesis of pactamycin Abstract: Natural amino donation: A PLP-dependent aminotransferase PctV, encoded in the pactamycin biosynthetic gene cluster, was found to catalyze the formation of 3-aminobenzoate from 3-dehydroshikimate with L-glutamate as the amino donor. The PctV reaction comprises a transamination and two dehydration reactions. This is the first report of a simple 3-ABA synthase in nature.	1
Title: Sequencing, physical organization and kinetic expression of the patulin biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium expansum Abstract: Patulin is a polyketide-derived mycotoxin produced by numerous filamentous fungi. Among them, Penicillium expansum is by far the most problematic species. This fungus is a destructive phytopathogen capable of growing on fruit, provoking the blue mold decay of apples and producing significant amounts of patulin. The biosynthetic pathway of this mycotoxin is chemically well-characterized, but its genetic bases remain largely unknown with only few characterized genes in less economic relevant species. The present study consisted of the identification and positional organization of the patulin gene cluster in P. expansum strain NRRL 35695. Several amplification reactions were performed with degenerative primers that were designed based on sequences from the orthologous genes available in other species. An improved genome Walking approach was used in order to sequence the remaining adjacent genes of the cluster. RACE-PCR was also carried out from mRNAs to determine the start and stop codons of the coding sequences. The patulin gene cluster in P. expansum consists of 15 genes in the following order: patH, patG, patF, patE, patD, patC, patB, patA, patM, patN, patO, patL, patI, patJ, and patK. These genes share 60-70% of identity with orthologous genes grouped differently, within a putative patulin cluster described in a non-producing strain of Aspergillus clavatus. The kinetics of patulin cluster genes expression was studied under patulin-permissive conditions (natural apple-based medium) and patulin-restrictive conditions (Eagle's minimal essential medium), and demonstrated a significant association between gene expression and patulin production. In conclusion, the sequence of the patulin cluster in P. expansum constitutes a key step for a better understanding of the mechanisms leading to patulin production in this fungus. It will allow the role of each gene to be elucidated, and help to define strategies to reduce patulin production in apple-based products.	1
Title: Patulin is a cultivar-dependent aggressiveness factor favouring the colonization of apples by Penicillium expansum Abstract: The blue mould decay of apples is caused by Penicillium expansum and is associated with contamination by patulin, a worldwide regulated mycotoxin. Recently, a cluster of 15 genes (patA-patO) involved in patulin biosynthesis was identified in P. expansum. blast analysis revealed that patL encodes a Cys6 zinc finger regulatory factor. The deletion of patL caused a drastic decrease in the expression of all pat genes, leading to an absence of patulin production. Pathogenicity studies performed on 13 apple varieties indicated that the PeΔpatL strain could still infect apples, but the intensity of symptoms was weaker compared with the wild-type strain. A lower growth rate was observed in the PeΔpatL strain when this strain was grown on nine of the 13 apple varieties tested. In the complemented PeΔpatL:patL strain, the ability to grow normally in apple and the production of patulin were restored. Our results clearly demonstrate that patulin is not indispensable in the initiation of the disease, but acts as a cultivar-dependent aggressiveness factor for P. expansum. This conclusion was strengthened by the fact that the addition of patulin to apple infected by the PeΔpatL mutant restored the normal fungal colonization in apple.	1
Title: Patulin transformation products and last intermediates in its biosynthetic pathway, E- and Z-ascladiol, are not toxic to human cells Abstract: Patulin is the main mycotoxin contaminating apples. During the brewing of alcoholic beverages, this mycotoxin is degraded to ascladiol, which is also the last precursor of patulin. The present study aims (1) to characterize the last step of the patulin biosynthetic pathway and (2) to describe the toxicity of ascladiol. A patE deletion mutant was generated in Penicillium expansum. In contrast to the wild strain, this mutant does not produce patulin but accumulates high levels of E-ascladiol with few traces of Z-ascladiol. This confirms that patE encodes the patulin synthase involved in the conversion of E-ascladiol to patulin. After purification, cytotoxicities of patulin and E- and Z-ascladiol were investigated on human cell lines from liver, kidney, intestine, and immune system. Patulin was cytotoxic for these four cell lines in a dose-dependent manner. By contrast, both E- and Z-ascladiol were devoid of cytotoxicity. Microarray analyses on human intestinal cells treated with patulin and E-ascladiol showed that the latter, unlike patulin, did not alter the whole human transcription. These results demonstrate that E- and Z-ascladiol are not toxic and therefore patulin detoxification strategies leading to the accumulation of ascladiol are good approaches to limit the patulin risk.	1
Title: The gene PatG involved in the biosynthesis pathway of patulin, a food-borne mycotoxin, encodes a 6-methylsalicylic acid decarboxylase Abstract: Patulin is a mycotoxin produced by fungal genera such as Aspergillus, Penicillium and Byssochlamys. It induces neurological, gastrointestinal and immunological effects, which is why patulin belongs to a short list of mycotoxins whose level in food is regulated in many countries around the world. Recently, a cluster gathering 15 genes involved in the biosynthesis of patulin has been identified in Aspergillus clavatus, but so far, only 4 genes encoding 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase, m-cresol hydroxylase, m-hydroxybenzyl alcohol hydroxylase and isoepoxydon dehydrogenase have been characterized. Previous studies have shown the involvement of a decarboxylase in the transformation of 6-methylsalicylic acid, the first stable patulin precursor, into m-cresol. In this study a putative decarboxylase gene, PatG, was identified in the genome sequence of A. clavatus. This gene is located near two P450 cytochrome genes PatH and PatI responsible respectively for the hydroxylation of m-cresol and m-hydroxybenzyl alcohol. This decarboxylase encoded by PatG (ACLA_093620) consists of 325 amino acids. The search for putative conserved domain revealed that the gene product belongs to the AminoCarboxyMuconate Semialdehyde Decarboxylase (ACMSD) related protein family. This family includes decarboxylases such as the γ-resorcylate decarboxylase or o-pyrocatechuate decarboxylase. The substrates of these enzymes display strong structural similarities with 6-methylsalicylic acid. PatG was strongly expressed during patulin production whereas it was very weakly expressed in non-patulin permissive conditions. The coding sequence was used to enable heterologous expression of functional enzymes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The presence of decarboxylase was confirmed by Western blot. The bioconversion assays showed that PATG catalyzed the decarboxylation of 6-methylsalicylic acid into m-cresol. These results confirm for the first time that 6-methylsalicylic acid is the substrate for PATG, the 6-methylsalicylic acid decarboxylase. With this study, the four genes involved in the four first steps of patulin biosynthesis pathway (acetate→gentisyl alcohol) are now identified.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and functional characterization of two CYP619 cytochrome P450s involved in biosynthesis of patulin in Aspergillus clavatus Abstract: Patulin is an acetate-derived tetraketide mycotoxin produced by several fungal species, especially Aspergillus, Penicillium and Byssochlamys species. The health risks due to patulin consumption by humans have led many countries to regulate it in human food. Previous studies have shown the involvement of cytochrome P450 monooxygenases in the hydroxylation of two precursors of patulin, m-cresol and m-hydroxybenzylalcohol. In the present study, two cytochrome P450 genes were identified in the genome sequence of Aspergillus clavatus, a patulin-producing species. Both mRNAs were strongly co-expressed during patulin production. CYP619C2, encoded by the first gene, consists of 529 aa, while the second cytochrome, CYP619C3, consists of 524 aa. The coding sequences were used to perform the heterologous expression of functional enzymes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The bioconversion assays showed that CYP619C3 catalysed the hydroxylation of m-cresol to yield m-hydroxybenzyl alcohol. CYP619C2 catalysed the hydroxylation of m-hydroxybenzyl alcohol and m-cresol to gentisyl alcohol and 2,5-dihydroxytoluene (toluquinol), respectively. Except for the last compound, all enzyme products are known precursors of patulin. Taken together, these data strongly suggest the involvement of CYP619C2 and CYP619C3 in the biosynthesis of patulin. CYP619C2 and CYP619C3 are located near to two other genes involved in patulin biosynthesis, namely the 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase (6msas) and isoepoxydon dehydrogenase (idh) genes. The current data associated with an analysis of the sequence of A. clavatus suggest the presence of a cluster of 15 genes involved in patulin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of the first diphenyl ether gene cluster for pestheic acid biosynthesis in plant endophyte Pestalotiopsis fici Abstract: The diphenyl ether pestheic acid was isolated from the endophytic fungus Pestalotiopsis fici, which is proposed to be the biosynthetic precursor of the unique chloropupukeananes. The pestheic acid biosynthetic gene (pta) cluster was identified in the fungus through genome scanning. Sequence analysis revealed that this gene cluster encodes a nonreducing polyketide synthase, a number of modification enzymes, and three regulators. Gene disruption and intermediate analysis demonstrated that the biosynthesis proceeded through formation of the polyketide backbone, cyclization of a polyketo acid to a benzophenone, chlorination, and formation of the diphenyl ether skeleton through oxidation and hydrolyzation. A dihydrogeodin oxidase gene, ptaE, was essential for diphenyl ether formation, and ptaM encoded a flavin-dependent halogenase catalyzing chlorination in the biosynthesis. Identification of the pta cluster laid the foundation to decipher the genetic and biochemical mechanisms involved in the pathway.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of phenylnannolone A, a multidrug resistance reversal agent from the halotolerant myxobacterium Nannocystis pusilla B150 Abstract: The myxobacterial strain Nannocystis pusilla B150 synthesizes the structurally new polyketides phenylnannolone A–C. Apart from some common volatiles and siderophores, these are the first natural products from the genus Nannocystis. Phenylnannolone A shows inhibitory activity towards the ABCB1 gene product P-glycoprotein and reverses daunorubicin resistance in cancer cells. To decipher the biochemical reactions leading to the formation of phenylnannolone A, the putative biosynthetic genes were identified (phn1, phn2). Phn2 is a polyketide synthase (PKS) with an NRPS-like loading module, and its domain order is consistent with the phenylnannolone A structure. The functionality and substrate selectivity of the loading module were determined by means of a γ-18O4-ATP pyrophosphate exchange and a phosphopantetheine ejection assay. A specific activation of cinnamic acid by the AMP-ligase was detected. Phn1 is a putative butyryl-CoA carboxylase (BCC), providing ethylmalonyl-CoA for the formation of the ethyl-substituted part of phenylnannolone A. Phn1 is the first BCC found in biosynthetic genes for an ethyl-substituted natural compound. Biosynthesis of phenylnannolone A, putatively encoded by phn1 and phn2, thus utilizes the first biosynthetic machinery in which both a BCC and a PKS are involved.	1
Title: Phenylnannolones A-C: biosynthesis of new secondary metabolites from the myxobacterium Nannocystis exedens Abstract: Myxobacteria are gliding bacteria that belong to the delta-Proteobacteria and are known for their unique biosynthetic capabilities. Among myxobacteria, Nannocystis spp. are most closely related to marine myxobacteria and their secondary metabolism has hardly been investigated. Phenylnannolones A (1), B (2) and C (3) were obtained from a culture of Nannocystis exedens that was isolated from the intertidal region of Crete. Compound 1 had inhibitory activity toward the ABCB1 gene product P-glycoprotein and reversed daunorubicin resistance in cultured cancer cells. Phenylnannolone A has an unusual structural architecture; it is composed of an ethyl-substituted polyene chain linked to a pyrone moiety on one side and to a phenyl ring on the other. The investigation of the biosynthesis with labelled precursors revealed acetate, butyrate and phenylalanine as building blocks for 1. The labelling pattern suggested novel biochemical reactions for the biosynthesis of the starter unit.	1
Title: Enhancement and selective production of phoslactomycin B, a protein phosphatase IIa inhibitor, through identification and engineering of the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Phoslactomycins (PLMs), potent and selective inhibitors of serine threonine phosphatases, are of interest for their antitumor and antiviral activity. Multiple analogs and low titers in the fermentation process have hampered the development of this class of natural products. The entire 75-kb PLM biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces sp. HK-803 was cloned, sequenced, and analyzed. The loading domain and seven extension modules of the PLM polyketide synthase generate an unusual linear unsaturated polyketide chain containing both E- and Z-double bonds from a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid (CHC) primer. Hydroxylation of the CHC-derived side chain of the resulting PLM-B by PlmS2, and a subsequent esterification, produces the remaining PLM analogs. A new PCR targeting technology allowed rapid and facile allelic replacement of plmS2. The resulting mutant selectively produced the PLM-B, at 6-fold higher titers than the wild type strain. This mutant and the biosynthetic gene cluster will facilitate engineered microbial production of hybrid PLMs with improved properties.	1
Title: Elucidation of Piericidin A1 biosynthetic locus revealed a thioesterase-dependent mechanism of α-pyridone ring formation Abstract: Piericidins are a class of α-pyridone antibiotics that inhibit mitochondrial respiratory chain and exhibit antimicrobial, antifungal, and antitumor activities. Sequential analysis of Streptomyces piomogeues var. Hangzhouwanensis genome revealed six modular polyketide synthases, an amidotransferase, two methyltransferases, and a monooxygenase for piericidin A1 production. Gene functional analysis and deletion results provide overview of the biosynthesis pathway. Furthermore, in vitro characterization of the terminal polyketide synthase module with the thioesterase domain using β-ketoacyl substrates was performed. That revealed a pathway where the α-pyridone ring formation is dependent on hydrolysis of the product β, δ-diketo carboxylic acid by the C-terminal thioesterase followed by amidation and cyclization. These findings set the stage to investigate unusual enzymatic mechanisms in α-pyridone antibiotics biosynthesis, provide a foundation for genome mining of α-pyridone antibiotics, and produce analogs by molecular engineering.	1
Title: A complex multienzyme system encoded by five polyketide synthase genes is involved in the biosynthesis of the 26-membered polyene macrolide pimaricin in Streptomyces natalensis Abstract: Background:                       Polyene macrolides are a class of large macrocyclic polyketides that interact with membrane sterols, having antibiotic activity against fungi but not bacteria. Their rings include a chromophore of 3-7 conjugated double bonds which constitute the distinct polyene structure. Pimaricin is an archetype polyene, important in the food industry as a preservative to prevent mould contamination of foods, produced by Streptomyces natalensis. We set out to clone, sequence and analyse the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of this tetraene.                  Results:                       A large cluster of 16 open reading frames spanning 84985 bp of the S. natalensis genome has been sequenced and found to encode 13 homologous sets of enzyme activities (modules) of a polyketide synthase (PKS) distributed within five giant multienzyme proteins (PIMS0-PIMS4). The total of 60 constituent active sites, 25 of them on a single enzyme (PIMS2), make this an exceptional multienzyme system. Eleven additional genes appear to govern modification of the polyketide-derived framework and export. Disruption of the genes encoding the PKS abolished pimaricin production.                  Conclusions:                       The overall architecture of the PKS gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the 26-membered polyene macrolide pimaricin has been determined. Eleven additional tailoring genes have been cloned and analysed. The availability of the PKS cluster will facilitate the generation of designer pimaricins by combinatorial biosynthesis approaches. This work represents the extensive description of a second polyene macrolide biosynthetic gene cluster after the one for the antifungal nystatin.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyketide antitumor macrolide, pladienolide, in Streptomyces platensis Mer-11107 Abstract: Pladienolides are novel 12-membered macrolides produced by Streptomyces platensis Mer-11107. They show strong antitumor activity and are a potential lead in the search for novel antitumor agents. We sequenced the 65-kb region covering the biosynthetic gene cluster, and found four polyketide synthase genes (pldAI-pldAIV) composed of 11 modules, three genes involved in post-modifications (pldB-D), and a luxR-family regulatory gene (pldR). The thioesterase domain of pldAIV was more dissimilar to that of polyketide synthase systems synthesizing 12/14-membered macrolide polyketides than to that of systems synthesizing other cyclic polyketides. The pldB gene was identified as a 6-hydroxylase belonging to a cytochrome P450 of the CYP107 family. This was clarified by a disruption experiment on pldB, in which the disruptant produced 6-dehydroxy pladienolide B. Two genes located downstream of pldB, designated pldC and pldD, are thought to be a probable genes for 7-O-acetylase and 18, 19-epoxydase respectively.	1
Title: Identification and sequence analysis of the genes encoding a polyketide synthase required for pyoluteorin biosynthesis in Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5 Abstract: Pyoluteorin is a chlorinated antifungal metabolite of mixed polyketide/amino-acid origin produced by certain strains of Pseudomonas spp., including the soil bacterium Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5. Sequence analysis of a gene cluster required for pyoluteorin biosynthesis by Pf-5 (Kraus, J., Loper, J., 1995. Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 61, 849-854) has identified two genes whose deduced peptide sequences exhibit characteristics of both fungal and bacterial Type I polyketide synthases (PKSs). The pyoluteorin PKS does not contain a loading domain that is typically present in bacterial Type I PKSs. Furthermore, this PKS possesses an acyltransferase domain that does not contain the conserved residues surrounding the active-site motif typically found in domains of similar function. Based on the organization of the functional domains within the pyoluteorin PKS, we propose a biosynthetic pathway analogous to non-aromatic polyketide biosynthesis within the Actinomycete bacteria that is responsible for the formation of the resorcinol moiety of pyoluteorin.	1
Title: Characterization of the pyoluteorin biosynthetic gene cluster of Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5 Abstract: Ten genes (plt) required for the biosynthesis of pyoluteorin, an antifungal compound composed of a bichlorinated pyrrole linked to a resorcinol moiety, were identified within a 24-kb genomic region of Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5. The deduced amino acid sequences of eight plt genes were similar to the amino acid sequences of genes with known biosynthetic functions, including type I polyketide synthases (pltB, pltC), an acyl coenzyme A (acyl-CoA) dehydrogenase (pltE), an acyl-CoA synthetase (pltF), a thioesterase (pltG), and three halogenases (pltA, pltD, and pltM). Insertions of the transposon Tn5 or Tn3-nice or a kanamycin resistance gene in each of these genes abolished pyoluteorin production by Pf-5. The presumed functions of the eight plt products are consistent with biochemical transformations involved in pyoluteorin biosynthesis from proline and acetate precursors. Isotope labeling studies demonstrated that proline is the primary precursor to the dichloropyrrole moiety of pyoluteorin. The deduced amino acid sequence of the product of another plt gene, pltR, is similar to those of members of the LysR family of transcriptional activators. pltR and pltM are transcribed divergently from the pltLABCDEFG gene cluster, and a sequence with the characteristics of a LysR binding site was identified within the 486-bp intergenic region separating pltRM from pltLABCDEFG. Transcription of the pyoluteorin biosynthesis genes pltB, pltE, and pltF, assessed with transcriptional fusions to an ice nucleation reporter gene, was significantly greater in Pf-5 than in a pltR mutant of Pf-5. Therefore, PltR is proposed to be a transcriptional activator of linked pyoluteorin biosynthesis genes.	1
Title: Reciprocal regulation of pyoluteorin production with membrane transporter gene expression in Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5 Abstract: Pyoluteorin is a chlorinated polyketide antibiotic secreted by the rhizosphere bacterium Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5. Genes encoding enzymes and transcriptional regulators involved in pyoluteorin production are clustered in the genome of Pf-5. Sequence analysis of genes adjacent to the known pyoluteorin biosynthetic gene cluster revealed the presence of an ABC transporter system. We disrupted two putative ABC transporter genes by inserting transcriptional fusions to an ice nucleation reporter gene. Mutations in pltI and pltJ, which are predicted to encode a membrane fusion protein and an ATP-binding cassette of the ABC transporter, respectively, greatly reduced pyoluteorin production by Pf-5. During the transition from exponential growth to stationary phase, populations of a pltI mutant were lower than those of a pltI+ strain in a culture medium containing pyoluteorin, suggesting a role for the transport system in efflux and the resistance of Pf-5 to the antibiotic. Although pltI or pltJ mutant strains displayed low pyoluteorin production, they did not accumulate proportionately more of the antibiotic intracellularly, indicating that pltI and pltJ do not encode an exclusive exporter for pyoluteorin. Transcription of the putative pyoluteorin efflux genes pltI and pltJ was enhanced by exogenous pyoluteorin. These new observations parallel an earlier finding that pyoluteorin enhances the transcription of pyoluteorin biosynthesis genes and pyoluteorin production in Pf-5. This report provides evidence of a coordination of pyoluteorin production and the transcription of genes encoding a linked transport apparatus, wherein each requires the other for optimal expression.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of pltZ, a gene involved in the repression of pyoluteorin biosynthesis in Pseudomonas sp. M18 Abstract: A new regulator gene named pltZ, which is located downstream of the plt gene cluster in the genome of Pseudomonas sp. M18, was identified, sequenced and characterized in this report. The deduced amino acid sequence of PltZ shares significant homology with other bacterial regulators in the TetR family. The chromosomal pltZ disruption mutant gave rise to 4.4-fold enhancement of pyoluteorin biosynthesis but did not exert significant influence on the accumulation of phenazine-1-carboxylic acid compared with the wild-type M18. The negative regulation of pltZ on pyoluteorin biosynthesis was further confirmed by multiplied pltZ gene dosage experiments and pltA'-'lacZ translational fusion analyses.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a putative ABC transporter PltHIJKN required for pyoluteorin production in Pseudomonas sp. M18 Abstract: A putative ABC (ATP-binding cassette) transport gene cluster pltHIJKN was identified and characterized within a 7.5-kb genome region downstream of the antibiotic pyoluteorin (Plt) biosynthetic gene cluster in Pseudomonas sp. M18, a rhizosphere bacterium which is of ecological importance for controlling plant diseases caused by soil-borne fungal pathogens. The sequence similarity, conserved domains and hydrophobicity profiles strongly suggest that the pltHIJKN gene products are integrated into a typical three-component ABC export system, which consists of the inner membrane ABC transporter PltIJK, the membrane fusion protein PltH and the outer membrane efflux protein PltN. Mutant strains of M18 defective in pltH or pltI did not produce detectable levels of Plt. Overexpression of the entire pltHIJKN gene cluster resulted in a significant increase of Plt production. Heterogenous expression of the pltHIJKN gene cluster gave rise to a significant enhancement of resistance of E. coli DH5alpha to exogenous Plt. These results indicate that PltHIJKN is required for Plt biosynthesis and resistance, which is likely to be mediated by Plt export using the PltHIJKN transport system. Exogenous Plt induced the expression of both the Plt biosynthetic gene cluster and the ABC transport gene cluster pltHIJKN at the transcriptional level, suggesting that Plt biosynthesis and expression of pltHIJKN are coordinately and similarly regulated in Pseudomonas sp. M18.	1
Title: Reconstitution of a fungal meroterpenoid biosynthesis reveals the involvement of a novel family of terpene cyclases Abstract: Meroterpenoids are hybrid natural products of both terpenoid and polyketide origin. We identified a biosynthetic gene cluster that is responsible for the production of the meroterpenoid pyripyropene in the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus through reconstituted biosynthesis of up to five steps in a heterologous fungal expression system. The cluster revealed a previously unknown terpene cyclase with an unusual sequence and protein primary structure. The wide occurrence of this sequence in other meroterpenoid and indole-diterpene biosynthetic gene clusters indicates the involvement of these enzymes in the biosynthesis of various terpenoid-bearing metabolites produced by fungi and bacteria. In addition, a novel polyketide synthase that incorporated nicotinyl-CoA as the starter unit and a prenyltransferase, similar to that in ubiquinone biosynthesis, was found to be involved in the pyripyropene biosynthesis. The successful production of a pyripyropene analogue illustrates the catalytic versatility of these enzymes for the production of novel analogues with useful biological activities.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the pyrrolomycin biosynthetic gene clusters from Actinosporangium vitaminophilum ATCC 31673 and Streptomyces sp. strain UC 11065 Abstract: The pyrrolomycins are a family of polyketide antibiotics, some of which contain a nitro group. To gain insight into the nitration mechanism associated with the formation of these antibiotics, the pyrrolomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Actinosporangium vitaminophilum was cloned. Sequencing of ca. 56 kb of A. vitaminophilum DNA revealed 35 open reading frames (ORFs). Sequence analysis revealed a clear relationship between some of these ORFs and the biosynthetic gene cluster for pyoluteorin, a structurally related antibiotic. Since a gene transfer system could not be devised for A. vitaminophilum, additional proof for the identity of the cloned gene cluster was sought by cloning the pyrrolomycin gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. strain UC 11065, a transformable pyrrolomycin producer. Sequencing of ca. 26 kb of UC 11065 DNA revealed the presence of 17 ORFs, 15 of which exhibit strong similarity to ORFs in the A. vitaminophilum cluster as well as a nearly identical organization. Single-crossover disruption of two genes in the UC 11065 cluster abolished pyrrolomycin production in both cases. These results confirm that the genetic locus cloned from UC 11065 is essential for pyrrolomycin production, and they also confirm that the highly similar locus in A. vitaminophilum encodes pyrrolomycin biosynthetic genes. Sequence analysis revealed that both clusters contain genes encoding the two components of an assimilatory nitrate reductase. This finding suggests that nitrite is required for the formation of the nitrated pyrrolomycins. However, sequence analysis did not provide additional insights into the nitration process, suggesting the operation of a novel nitration mechanism.	1
Title: Quartromicin biosynthesis: two alternative polyketide chains produced by one polyketide synthase assembly line Abstract: The antiviral compounds quartromicins represent unique members of a family of spirotetronate natural products. In this study, a biosynthetic gene cluster of quartromicins was identified by degenerate primer PCR amplification of specific genes involved in the biosynthesis of the tetronate moiety. The biochemical results confirmed that 1,3-bisphosphoglycerate was incorporated into the tetronate ring, and the intermediates of this ring were also reconstructed in vitro. The data also suggested a module skipping strategy for the production of two alternative polyketide chains by the same polyketide synthase assembly line. These findings set the stage for further investigations of the stereodivergent intermolecular cyclization mechanism, and highlight how nature has constructed this type of C2 symmetric molecule through intermolecular dimerization.	1
Title: Reveromycin A biosynthesis uses RevG and RevJ for stereospecific spiroacetal formation Abstract: Spiroacetal compounds are ubiquitous in nature, and their stereospecific structures are responsible for diverse pharmaceutical activities. Elucidation of the biosynthetic mechanisms that are involved in spiroacetal formation will open the door to efficient generation of stereospecific structures that are otherwise hard to synthesize chemically. However, the biosynthesis of these compounds is poorly understood, owing to difficulties in identifying the responsible enzymes and analyzing unstable intermediates. Here we comprehensively describe the spiroacetal formation involved in the biosynthesis of reveromycin A, which inhibits bone resorption and bone metastases of tumor cells by inducing apoptosis in osteoclasts. We performed gene disruption, systematic metabolite analysis, feeding of labeled precursors and conversion studies with recombinant enzymes. We identified two key enzymes, dihydroxy ketone synthase and spiroacetal synthase, and showed in vitro reconstruction of the stereospecific spiroacetal structure from a stable acyclic precursor. Our findings provide insights into the creation of a variety of biologically active spiroacetal compounds for drug leads.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the ansamycin antibiotic rifamycin: deductions from the molecular analysis of the rif biosynthetic gene cluster of Amycolatopsis mediterranei S699 Abstract: Background:                       The ansamycin class of antibiotics are produced by various Actinomycetes. Their carbon framework arises from the polyketide pathway via a polyketide synthase (PKS) that uses an unusual starter unit. Rifamycin (rif), produced by Amycolatopsis mediterranei, is the archetype ansamycin and it is medically important. Although its basic precursors (3-amino-5-hydroxy benzoic acid AHBA, and acetic and propionic acids) had been established, and several biosynthetic intermediates had been identified, very little was known about the origin of AHBA nor had the PKS and the various genes and enzymes that modify the initial intermediate been characterized.                  Results:                       A set of 34 genes clustered around the rifK gene encoding AHBA synthase were defined by sequencing all but 5 kilobases (kb) of a 95 kb contiguous region of DNA from A. mediterranei. The involvement of some of the genes in the biosynthesis of rifamycin B was examined. At least five genes were shown to be essential for the synthesis of AHBA, five genes were determined to encode the modular type I PKS that uses AHBA as the starter unit, and 20 or more genes appear to govern modification of the polyketide-derived framework, and rifamycin resistance and export. Putative regulatory genes were also identified. Disruption of the PKS genes at the end of rifA abolished rifamycin B production and resulted in the formation of P8/1-OG, a known shunt product of rifamycin biosynthesis, whereas disruption of the orf6 and orf9 genes, which may encode deoxysugar biosynthesis enzymes, had no apparent effect.                  Conclusions:                       Rifamycin production in A. mediterranei is governed by a single gene cluster consisting of structural, resistance and export, and regulatory genes. The genes characterized here could be modified to produce novel forms of the rifamycins that may be effective against rifamycin-resistant microorganisms.	1
Title: 3-Amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid synthase, the terminal enzyme in the formation of the precursor of mC7N units in rifamycin and related antibiotics Abstract: The biosynthesis of ansamycin antibiotics, like rifamycin B, involves formation of 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid (AHBA) by a novel variant of the shikimate pathway. AHBA then serves as the starter unit for the assembly of a polyketide which eventually links back to the amino group of AHBA to form the macrolactam ring. The terminal enzyme of AHBA formation, which catalyzes the aromatization of 5-deoxy-5-amino-3-dehydroshikimic acid, has been purified to homogeneity from Amycolatopsis mediterranei, the encoding gene has been cloned, sequenced, and overexpressed in Escherichia coli. The recombinant enzyme, a (His)6 fusion protein, as well as the native one, are dimers containing one molecule of pyridoxal phosphate per subunit. Mechanistic studies showed that the enzyme-bound pyridoxal phosphate forms a Schiff's base with the amino group of 5-deoxy-5-amino-3-dehydroshikimic acid and catalyzes both an alpha, beta-dehydration and a stereospecific 1,4-enolization of the substrate. Inactivation of the gene encoding AHBA synthase in the A. mediterranei genome results in loss of rifamycin formation; production of the antibiotic is restored when the mutant is supplemented with AHBA.	1
Title: Mutational analysis and reconstituted expression of the biosynthetic genes involved in the formation of 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid, the starter unit of rifamycin biosynthesis in amycolatopsis Mediterranei S699 Abstract: To investigate a novel branch of the shikimate biosynthesis pathway operating in the formation of 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid (AHBA), the unique biosynthetic precursor of rifamycin and related ansamycins, a series of target-directed mutations and heterologous gene expressions were investigated in Amycolatopsis mediterranei and Streptomyces coelicolor. The genes involved in AHBA formation were inactivated individually, and the resulting mutants were further examined by incubating the cell-free extracts with known intermediates of the pathway and analyzing for AHBA formation. The rifL, -M, and -N genes were shown to be involved in the step(s) from either phosphoenolpyruvate/d-erythrose 4-phosphate or other precursors to 3,4-dideoxy-4-amino-d-arabino-heptulosonate 7-phosphate. The gene products of the rifH, -G, and -J genes resemble enzymes involved in the shikimate biosynthesis pathway (August, P. R., Tang, L., Yoon, Y. J., Ning, S., Müller, R., Yu, T.-W., Taylor, M., Hoffmann, D., Kim, C.-G., Zhang, X., Hutchinson, C. R., and Floss, H. G. (1998) Chem. Biol. 5, 69-79). Mutants of the rifH and -J genes produced rifamycin B at 1% and 10%, respectively, of the yields of the wild type; inactivation of the rifG gene did not affect rifamycin production significantly. Finally, coexpressing the rifG-N and -J genes in S. coelicolor YU105 under the control of the act promoter led to significant production of AHBA in the fermented cultures, confirming that seven of these genes are indeed necessary and sufficient for AHBA formation. The effects of deletion of individual genes from the heterologous expression cassette on AHBA formation duplicated the effects of the genomic rifG-N and -J mutations on rifamycin production, indicating that all these genes encode proteins with catalytic rather than regulatory functions in AHBA formation for rifamycin biosynthesis by A. mediterranei.	1
Title: Discovery of a new source of rifamycin antibiotics in marine sponge actinobacteria by phylogenetic prediction Abstract: Phylogenetic analysis of the ketosynthase (KS) gene sequences of marine sponge-derived Salinispora strains of actinobacteria indicated that the polyketide synthase (PKS) gene sequence most closely related to that of Salinispora was the rifamycin B synthase of Amycolatopsis mediterranei. This result was not expected from taxonomic species tree phylogenetics using 16S rRNA sequences. From the PKS sequence data generated from our sponge-derived Salinispora strains, we predicted that such strains might synthesize rifamycin-like compounds. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) analysis was applied to one sponge-derived Salinispora strain to test the hypothesis of rifamycin synthesis. The analysis reported here demonstrates that this Salinispora isolate does produce compounds of the rifamycin class, including rifamycin B and rifamycin SV. A rifamycin-specific KS primer set was designed, and that primer set increased the number of rifamycin-positive strains detected by PCR screening relative to the number detectable using a conserved KS-specific set. Thus, the Salinispora group of actinobacteria represents a potential new source of rifamycins outside the genus Amycolatopsis and the first recorded source of rifamycins from marine bacteria.	1
Title: Shared biosynthesis of the saliniketals and rifamycins in Salinispora arenicola is controlled by the sare1259-encoded cytochrome P450 Abstract: Saliniketals A and B are unusual polyketides from the marine actinomycete Salinispora arenicola that inhibit ornithine decarboxylase induction. The structural similarities between the saliniketals and the ansa chain of the potent rifamycin antibiotics, which co-occur in the fermentation broth, suggest a common origin between the two compound classes. Using PCR-directed mutagenesis, chemical complementation studies, and stable isotope feeding experiments, we showed that the saliniketals are byproducts of the rifamycin biosynthetic pathway diverging at the stage of 34a-deoxyrifamycin W. Our results suggest that a single enzyme, the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase encoded by sare1259, catalyzes multiple oxidative rearrangement reactions on 34a-deoxyrifamyin W to yield both the saliniketal and rifamycin structural classes.	1
Title: LC-MS-based metabolomics study of marine bacterial secondary metabolite and antibiotic production in Salinispora arenicola Abstract: An LC-MS-based metabolomics approach was used to characterise the variation in secondary metabolite production due to changes in the salt content of the growth media as well as across different growth periods (incubation times). We used metabolomics as a tool to investigate the production of rifamycins (antibiotics) and other secondary metabolites in the obligate marine actinobacterial species Salinispora arenicola, isolated from Great Barrier Reef (GBR) sponges, at two defined salt concentrations and over three different incubation periods. The results indicated that a 14 day incubation period is optimal for the maximum production of rifamycin B, whereas rifamycin S and W achieve their maximum concentration at 29 days. A "chemical profile" link between the days of incubation and the salt concentration of the growth medium was shown to exist and reliably represents a critical point for selection of growth medium and harvest time.	1
Title: Starter unit choice determines the production of two tetraene macrolides, rimocidin and CE-108, in Streptomyces diastaticus var. 108 Abstract: Streptomyces diastaticus var. 108, a newly isolated strain, produces two closely related tetraene macrolides (rimocidin and CE-108) as well as oxytetracycline. A region of 19,065 base pairs of DNA from the S. diastaticus var. 108 genome was isolated, sequenced, and characterized. Ten complete genes and one truncated ORF were located. Disruption of these genes proved that this genomic region is part of the biosynthetic cluster for the two tetraenes. The choice of starter units by the loading module and the in vivo availability of the starter metabolites are crucial for the final ratio of the two macrolides. A second type I PKS, unrelated to tetraene biosynthesis, was also identified; disruption of these genes suggests that they would code for enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of a polyketide that might compete metabolically with rimocidin production.	1
Title: In vitro reconstruction of tetronate RK-682 biosynthesis Abstract: The protein phosphatase inhibitor RK-682 is one of a number of potentially valuable tetronate polyketide natural products. Understanding how the tetronate ring is formed has been frustrated by the inaccessibility of the putative substrates. We report the heterologous expression of rk genes in Saccharopolyspora erythraea and reconstitution of the RK-682 pathway using recombinant enzymes, and we show that RkD is the enzyme required for RK-682 formation from acyl carrier protein-bound substrates.	1
Title: Identification of a gene cluster of biosynthetic genes of rubradirin substructures in S. achromogenes var. rubradiris NRRL3061 Abstract: Rubradirin, an ansamycin antibiotic has been purified from Streptomyces achromogenes var. rubradiris NRRL3061. It consists of four distinct structural moieties, rubransarol, 3-amino-4-hydroxy-coumarin, dihydroxydipicolinic acid, and 2,6-dideoxynitrosugar (DNS). Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) primers were designed based on consensus sequences of dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase, one of enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of 2,6-dideoxysugar. A PCR product was obtained from S. achromogenes var. rubradiris. Hybridization of the PCR product to a cosmid library constructed from S. achromogenes genomic DNA has led to the identification of three unlinked regions of DNA. One of three kinds of cosmid clones contains homologues of dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase, 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid (AHBA) synthase, and eryA genes. The size of the gene homologous to eryA is 30 kb, and the AHBA synthase gene homologue resides between the eryA homologous genes. A gene cluster of rubransarol and 2,6-dideoxynitrosugar is around 50 kb. Sequencing of the PCR product from the AHBA synthase gene homologue isolated from S. achromogenes revealed 85% amino acid sequence homology (73/86) with the AHBA synthase from a rifamycin-producer. dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase gene homologue was subcloned from one of the isolated cosmid clones and sequenced. It showed 65% homology (43/66) with dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase from a streptomycin-producer.	1
Title: Functional identification of rub52 gene involved in the biosynthesis of rubradirin Abstract: An open reading frame, rub52, has been identified as a gene encoding thymidine diphospho-glucose 2,3-dehydratase by sequence analysis of the rubradirin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces achromogenes var. nibradiris NRRL3061. The gene codes for a protein consisting of 458 amino acids with calculated molecular mass of 50862 Da. The gene was amplified and heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli as a soluble His-tagged fusion protein. C-2 deoxygenation functionality of thymidine diphospho-4-keto-6-deoxyglucose was assigned to the rub52 gene product from in vitro enzyme assay.	1
Title: Genome sequencing reveals complex secondary metabolome in the marine actinomycete Salinispora tropica Abstract: Recent fermentation studies have identified actinomycetes of the marine-dwelling genus Salinispora as prolific natural product producers. To further evaluate their biosynthetic potential, we sequenced the 5,183,331-bp S. tropica CNB-440 circular genome and analyzed all identifiable secondary natural product gene clusters. Our analysis shows that S. tropica dedicates a large percentage of its genome ( approximately 9.9%) to natural product assembly, which is greater than previous Streptomyces genome sequences as well as other natural product-producing actinomycetes. The S. tropica genome features polyketide synthase systems of every known formally classified family, nonribosomal peptide synthetases, and several hybrid clusters. Although a few clusters appear to encode molecules previously identified in Streptomyces species, the majority of the 17 biosynthetic loci are novel. Specific chemical information about putative and observed natural product molecules is presented and discussed. In addition, our bioinformatic analysis not only was critical for the structure elucidation of the polyene macrolactam salinilactam A, but its structural analysis aided the genome assembly of the highly repetitive slm loci. This study firmly establishes the genus Salinispora as a rich source of drug-like molecules and importantly reveals the powerful interplay between genomic analysis and traditional natural product isolation studies.	1
Title: Multiple regulatory genes in the salinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces albus CCM 4719 Abstract: A DNA fragment containing part of the salinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from industrial strain Streptomyces albus CCM 4719 was cloned. Sequence analysis of the 25.809-kbp fragment revealed the presence of 8 open reading frames (ORFs), including two large ORFs encoding three modular sets of oligoketide synthase, followed by three genes (salRI, salRII, salRIII) encoding transcriptional regulators. The first two regulators, SalRI and SalRII, belonged to the novel LAL family of large transcriptional regulators. SalRIII was highly similar to the NysRIV, AmphRIV, and FscRI transcriptional regulators from the oligoene macrolides nystatin, amphotericin, and R008/candicidin clusters, respectively.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the polyether salinomycin biosynthesis gene cluster of Streptomyces albus XM211 Abstract: Salinomycin is widely used in animal husbandry as a food additive due to its antibacterial and anticoccidial activities. However, its biosynthesis had only been studied by feeding experiments with isotope-labeled precursors. A strategy with degenerate primers based on the polyether-specific epoxidase sequences was successfully developed to clone the salinomycin gene cluster. Using this strategy, a putative epoxidase gene, slnC, was cloned from the salinomycin producer Streptomyces albus XM211. The targeted replacement of slnC and subsequent trans-complementation proved its involvement in salinomycin biosynthesis. A 127-kb DNA region containing slnC was sequenced, including genes for polyketide assembly and release, oxidative cyclization, modification, export, and regulation. In order to gain insight into the salinomycin biosynthesis mechanism, 13 gene replacements and deletions were conducted. Including slnC, 7 genes were identified as essential for salinomycin biosynthesis and putatively responsible for polyketide chain release, oxidative cyclization, modification, and regulation. Moreover, 6 genes were found to be relevant to salinomycin biosynthesis and possibly involved in precursor supply, removal of aberrant extender units, and regulation. Sequence analysis and a series of gene replacements suggest a proposed pathway for the biosynthesis of salinomycin. The information presented here expands the understanding of polyether biosynthesis mechanisms and paves the way for targeted engineering of salinomycin activity and productivity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the salinosporamide A polyketide synthase substrate chloroethylmalonyl-coenzyme A from S-adenosyl-L-methionine Abstract: Polyketides are among the major classes of bioactive natural products used to treat microbial infections, cancer, and other diseases. Here we describe a pathway to chloroethylmalonyl-CoA as a polyketide synthase building block in the biosynthesis of salinosporamide A, a marine microbial metabolite whose chlorine atom is crucial for potent proteasome inhibition and anticancer activity. S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) is converted to 5'-chloro-5'-deoxyadenosine (5'-ClDA) in a reaction catalyzed by a SAM-dependent chlorinase as previously reported. By using a combination of gene deletions, biochemical analyses, and chemical complementation experiments with putative intermediates, we now provide evidence that 5'-ClDA is converted to chloroethylmalonyl-CoA in a 7-step route via the penultimate intermediate 4-chlorocrotonyl-CoA. Because halogenation often increases the bioactivity of drugs, the availability of a halogenated polyketide building block may be useful in molecular engineering approaches toward polyketide scaffolds.	1
Title: Solanapyrone synthase, a possible Diels-Alderase and iterative type I polyketide synthase encoded in a biosynthetic gene cluster from Alternaria solani Abstract: The solanapyrone biosynthetic gene cluster was cloned from Alternaria solani. It consists of six genes-sol1-6-coding for a polyketide synthase, an O-methyltransferase, a dehydrogenase, a transcription factor, a flavin-dependent oxidase, and cytochrome P450. The prosolanapyrone synthase (PSS) encoded by sol1 was expressed in Aspergillus oryzae and its product was identified as desmethylprosolanapyrone I (8). Although PSS is closely related to the PKSs/Diels-Alderases LovB and MlcA of lovastatin and compactin biosynthesis, it did not catalyze cycloaddition. Sol5, encoding a flavin-dependent oxidase (solanapyrone synthase, SPS), was expressed in Pichia pastoris and purified. The purified recombinant SPS showed activity for the formation of (-)-solanapyrone A (1) from achiral prosolanapyrone II (2), establishing that this single enzyme catalyzes both the oxidation and the subsequent cycloaddition reaction, possibly as a Diels-Alder enzyme.	1
Title: A Novel Type Pathway-Specific Regulator and Dynamic Genome Environments of a Solanapyrone Biosynthesis Gene Cluster in the Fungus Ascochyta rabiei Abstract: Secondary metabolite genes are often clustered together and situated in particular genomic regions, like the subtelomere, that can facilitate niche adaptation in fungi. Solanapyrones are toxic secondary metabolites produced by fungi occupying different ecological niches. Full-genome sequencing of the ascomycete Ascochyta rabiei revealed a solanapyrone biosynthesis gene cluster embedded in an AT-rich region proximal to a telomere end and surrounded by Tc1/Mariner-type transposable elements. The highly AT-rich environment of the solanapyrone cluster is likely the product of repeat-induced point mutations. Several secondary metabolism-related genes were found in the flanking regions of the solanapyrone cluster. Although the solanapyrone cluster appears to be resistant to repeat-induced point mutations, a P450 monooxygenase gene adjacent to the cluster has been degraded by such mutations. Among the six solanapyrone cluster genes (sol1 to sol6), sol4 encodes a novel type of Zn(II)2Cys6 zinc cluster transcription factor. Deletion of sol4 resulted in the complete loss of solanapyrone production but did not compromise growth, sporulation, or virulence. Gene expression studies with the sol4 deletion and sol4-overexpressing mutants delimited the boundaries of the solanapyrone gene cluster and revealed that sol4 is likely a specific regulator of solanapyrone biosynthesis and appears to be necessary and sufficient for induction of the solanapyrone cluster genes. Despite the dynamic surrounding genomic regions, the solanapyrone gene cluster has maintained its integrity, suggesting important roles of solanapyrones in fungal biology.	1
Title: Functional Analyses of the Diels-Alderase Gene sol5 of Ascochyta rabiei and Alternaria solani Indicate that the Solanapyrone Phytotoxins Are Not Required for Pathogenicity Abstract: Ascochyta rabiei and Alternaria solani, the causal agents of Ascochyta blight of chickpea (Cicer arietinum) and early blight of potato (Solanum tuberosum), respectively, produce a set of phytotoxic compounds including solanapyrones A, B, and C. Although both the phytotoxicity of solanapyrones and their universal production among field isolates have been documented, the role of solanapyrones in pathogenicity is not well understood. Here, we report the functional characterization of the sol5 gene, which encodes a Diels-Alderase that catalyzes the final step of solanapyrone biosynthesis. Deletion of sol5 in both Ascochyta rabiei and Alternaria solani completely prevented production of solanapyrones and led to accumulation of the immediate precursor compound, prosolanapyrone II-diol, which is not toxic to plants. Deletion of sol5 did not negatively affect growth rate or spore production in vitro, and led to overexpression of the other solanapyrone biosynthesis genes, suggesting a possible feedback regulation mechanism. Phytotoxicity tests showed that solanapyrone A is highly toxic to several legume species and Arabidopsis thaliana. Despite the apparent phytotoxicity of solanapyrone A, pathogenicity tests showed that solanapyrone-minus mutants of Ascochyta rabiei and Alternaria solani were equally virulent as their corresponding wild-type progenitors, suggesting that solanapyrones are not required for pathogenicity.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the antifungal polyketide soraphen A from Sorangium cellulosum So ce26 Abstract: A genomic DNA region of over 80 kb that contains the complete biosynthetic gene cluster for the synthesis of the antifungal polyketide metabolite soraphen A was cloned from Sorangium cellulosum So ce26. The nucleotide sequence of the soraphen A gene region, including 67,523 bp was determined. Examination of this sequence led to the identification of two adjacent type I polyketide synthase (PKS) genes that encode the soraphen synthase. One of the soraphen A PKS genes includes three biosynthetic modules and the second contains five additional modules for a total of eight. The predicted substrate specificities of the acyltransferase (AT) domains, as well as the reductive loop domains identified within each module, are consistent with expectations from the structure of soraphen A. Genes were identified in the regions flanking the two soraphen synthase genes that are proposed to have roles in the biosynthesis of soraphen A. Downstream of the soraphen PKS genes is an O-methyltransferase (OMT) gene. Upstream of the soraphen PKS genes there is a gene encoding a reductase and a group of genes that are postulated to have roles in the synthesis of methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein (ACP). This unusual extender unit is proposed to be incorporated in two positions of the soraphen polyketide chain. One of the genes in this group contains distinct domains for an AT, an ACP, and an OMT.	1
Title: Cloning and analysis of the spinosad biosynthetic gene cluster of Saccharopolyspora spinosa Abstract: Background:                       Spinosad is a mixture of novel macrolide secondary metabolites produced by Saccharopolyspora spinosa. It is used in agriculture as a potent insect control agent with exceptional safety to non-target organisms. The cloning of the spinosyn biosynthetic gene cluster provides the starting materials for the molecular genetic manipulation of spinosad yields, and for the production of novel derivatives containing alterations in the polyketide core or in the attached sugars.                  Results:                       We cloned the spinosad biosynthetic genes by molecular probing, complementation of blocked mutants, and cosmid walking, and sequenced an 80 kb region. We carried out gene disruptions of some of the genes and analyzed the mutants for product formation and for the bioconversion of intermediates in the spinosyn pathway. The spinosyn gene cluster contains five large open reading frames that encode a multifunctional, multi-subunit type I polyketide synthase (PKS). The PKS cluster is flanked on one side by genes involved in the biosynthesis of the amino sugar forosamine, in O-methylations of rhamnose, in sugar attachment to the polyketide, and in polyketide cross-bridging. Genes involved in the early common steps in the biosynthesis of forosamine and rhamnose, and genes dedicated to rhamnose biosynthesis, were not located in the 80 kb cluster.                  Conclusions:                       Most of the S. spinosa genes involved in spinosyn biosynthesis are found in one 74 kb cluster, though it does not contain all of the genes required for the essential deoxysugars. Characterization of the clustered genes suggests that the spinosyns are synthesized largely by mechanisms similar to those used to assemble complex macrolides in other actinomycetes. However, there are several unusual genes in the spinosyn cluster that could encode enzymes that generate the most striking structural feature of these compounds, a tetracyclic polyketide aglycone nucleus.	1
Title: Spiroketal polyketide formation in Sorangium: identification and analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the highly cytotoxic spirangienes Abstract: Natural products constitute important lead structures in drug discovery. In bacteria, they are often synthesized by large, modular multienzyme complexes. Detailed analysis of the biosynthetic machinery should enable its directed engineering and production of desirable analogs. The myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum So ce90 produces the cytotoxic spiroketal polyketide spirangien, for which we describe the identification and functional analysis of the biosynthetic pathway. The gene cluster spans 88 kb and encodes 7 type I polyketide synthases and additional enzymes such as a stand-alone thioesterase and 2 methyltransferases. Inactivation of two cytochrome P(450) monooxygenase genes resulted in the production of acyclic spirangien derivatives, providing direct evidence for the involvement of these enzymes in spiroketal formation. The presence of large DNA repeats is consistent with multiple rounds of gene duplication during the evolution of the biosynthetic gene locus.	1
Title: Identification of a bioactive 51-membered macrolide complex by activation of a silent polyketide synthase in Streptomyces ambofaciens Abstract: There is a constant need for new and improved drugs to combat infectious diseases, cancer, and other major life-threatening conditions. The recent development of genomics-guided approaches for novel natural product discovery has stimulated renewed interest in the search for natural product-based drugs. Genome sequence analysis of Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC23877 has revealed numerous secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters, including a giant type I modular polyketide synthase (PKS) gene cluster, which is composed of 25 genes (nine of which encode PKSs) and spans almost 150 kb, making it one of the largest polyketide biosynthetic gene clusters described to date. The metabolic product(s) of this gene cluster are unknown, and transcriptional analyses showed that it is not expressed under laboratory growth conditions. The constitutive expression of a regulatory gene within the cluster, encoding a protein that is similar to Large ATP binding of the LuxR (LAL) family proteins, triggered the expression of the biosynthetic genes. This led to the identification of four 51-membered glycosylated macrolides, named stambomycins A-D as metabolic products of the gene cluster. The structures of these compounds imply several interesting biosynthetic features, including incorporation of unusual extender units into the polyketide chain and in trans hydroxylation of the growing polyketide chain to provide the hydroxyl group for macrolide formation. Interestingly, the stambomycins possess promising antiproliferative activity against human cancer cell lines. Database searches identify genes encoding LAL regulators within numerous cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters in actinomycete genomes, suggesting that constitutive expression of such pathway-specific activators represents a powerful approach for novel bioactive natural product discovery.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450-mediated hydroxylation is required for polyketide macrolactonization in stambomycin biosynthesis Abstract: Many polyketide antibiotics contain macrolactones that arise from polyketide synthase chain release via thioesterase (TE) domain-catalyzed macrolactonization. The hydroxyl groups utilized in such macrolactonization reactions typically derive from reduction of β-ketothioester intermediates in polyketide chain assembly. The stambomycins are a group of novel macrolide antibiotics with promising anticancer activity that we recently discovered via rational activation of a silent polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces ambofaciens. Here we report that the hydroxyl group utilized for formation of the macrolactone in the stambomycins is derived from cytochrome P450-catalyzed hydroxylation of the polyketide chain rather than keto reduction during chain assembly. This is a novel mechanism for macrolactone formation in polyketide antibiotic biosynthesis.	1
Title: Twenty-five coregulated transcripts define a sterigmatocystin gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Sterigmatocystin (ST) and the aflatoxins (AFs), related fungal secondary metabolites, are among the most toxic, mutagenic, and carcinogenic natural products known. The ST biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus nidulans is estimated to involve at least 15 enzymatic activities, while certain Aspergillus parasiticus, Aspergillus flavus, and Aspergillus nomius strains contain additional activities that convert ST to AF. We have characterized a 60-kb region in the A. nidulans genome and find it contains many, if not all, of the genes needed for ST biosynthesis. This region includes verA, a structural gene previously shown to be required for ST biosynthesis, and 24 additional closely spaced transcripts ranging in size from 0.6 to 7.2 kb that are coordinately induced only under ST-producing conditions. Each end of this gene cluster is demarcated by transcripts that are expressed under both ST-inducing and non-ST-inducing conditions. Deduced polypeptide sequences of regions within this cluster had a high percentage of identity with enzymes that have activities predicted for ST/AF biosynthesis, including a polyketide synthase, a fatty acid synthase (alpha and beta subunits), five monooxygenases, four dehydrogenases, an esterase, an 0-methyltransferase, a reductase, an oxidase, and a zinc cluster DNA binding protein. A revised system for naming the genes of the ST pathway is presented.	1
Title: stcS, a putative P-450 monooxygenase, is required for the conversion of versicolorin A to sterigmatocystin in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Sterigmatocystin (ST) and aflatoxin are carcinogenic end point metabolites derived from the same biochemical pathway, which is found in several Aspergillus spp. Recently, an ST gene cluster, containing approximately 25 distinct genes that are each proposed to function specifically in ST biosynthesis, has been identified in Aspergillus nidulans. Each of these structural genes is named stc (sterigmatocystin) followed by a consecutive letter of the alphabet. We have previously described stcU (formerly verA) as encoding a keto-reductase required for the conversion of versicolorin A to ST. We now describe a second A. nidulans gene, stcS (formerly verB), that is located within 2 kb of stcU in the ST gene cluster. An stcS-disrupted strain of A. nidulans, TSS17, was unable to produce ST and converted ST/aflatoxin precursors to versicolorin A rather than ST, indicating that stcS functions at the same point in the pathway as stcU. Genomic sequence analysis of stcS shows that it encodes a cytochrome P-450 monooxygenase and constitutes a novel P-450 family, CYP59. Assuming that StcU activity mimics that of similar P-450s, it is likely that StcU catalyzes one of the proposed oxidation steps necessary to convert versicolorin A to ST. These results constitute the first genetic proof that the conversion of versicolorin A to ST requires more than one enzymatic activity.	1
Title: Metabolic diversity in myxobacteria: identification of the myxalamid and the stigmatellin biosynthetic gene cluster of Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15 and a combined polyketide-(poly)peptide gene cluster from the epothilone producing strain Sorangium cellulosum So ce90 Abstract: Myxobacterial strains producing polyketides (PKs) assumed to be biosynthesized by a type I polyketide synthase (PKS) were analysed. Myxobacteria also produce a variety of polypeptides (PP) and PKs with incorporated amino acids ('mixed PK-PP'). In order to be able to identify the biosynthetic gene clusters for these metabolites a PCR based approach has been developed to clone ketosynthase (KS) domains of PKS genes from these organisms. Conserved regions of peptide synthetases of the non-ribosomal type (NRPS) were also amplified via PCR. KS fragments from Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15 were used for chromosomal gene inactivation experiments resulting in a series of mutants including such that were unable to produce stigmatellins and myxalamids. A NRPS fragment and PKS fragments from Sorangium cellulosum So ce90 were used to identify cosmids hybridizing with both types of probes from a genomic library. Both a NRPS and a PKS fragment were cloned and sequenced from a relatively short restriction fragment of one of these cosmids. The method described here should be very useful to clone and identify PKS, NRPS and mixed PKS-NRPS from myxobacteria in general and thereby open opportunities to use the biochemical diversity of these bacteria for genetic engineering and combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genetic, molecular, and biochemical basis of fungal tropolone biosynthesis Abstract: A gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the fungal tropolone stipitatic acid was discovered in Talaromyces stipitatus (Penicillium stipitatum) and investigated by targeted gene knockout. A minimum of three genes are required to form the tropolone nucleus: tropA encodes a nonreducing polyketide synthase which releases 3-methylorcinaldehyde; tropB encodes a FAD-dependent monooxygenase which dearomatizes 3-methylorcinaldehyde via hydroxylation at C-3; and tropC encodes a non-heme Fe(II)-dependent dioxygenase which catalyzes the oxidative ring expansion to the tropolone nucleus via hydroxylation of the 3-methyl group. The tropA gene was characterized by heterologous expression in Aspergillus oryzae, whereas tropB and tropC were successfully expressed in Escherichia coli and the purified TropB and TropC proteins converted 3-methylorcinaldehyde to a tropolone in vitro. Finally, knockout of the tropD gene, encoding a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, indicated its place as the next gene in the pathway, probably responsible for hydroxylation of the 6-methyl group. Comparison of the T. stipitatus tropolone biosynthetic cluster with other known gene clusters allows clarification of important steps during the biosynthesis of other fungal compounds including the xenovulenes, citrinin, sepedonin, sclerotiorin, and asperfuranone.	1
Title: Chemical mechanisms involved during the biosynthesis of tropolones Abstract: Tropolones are seven-membered aromatic rings which feature in the core of several important bioactive natural products including colchicine and stipitatic acid. Studies of their biosynthesis over nearly 70 years have revealed four parallel routes from polyketide, terpene, alkaloid and shikimate precursors, but the key steps all involve ring expansion of an alkylated 6-membered ring. Recent studies in fungi have revealed details of the individual chemical steps at the molecular level, but detailed molecular biosynthetic pathways in other organisms remain obscure.	1
Title: The biosynthesis and catabolism of the maleic anhydride moiety of stipitatonic acid Abstract: A series of directed knockout experiments, combined with an in vitro assay of pathway components, has elucidated for the first time the chemical steps involved in the biosynthesis of the tropolone class of fungal maleic anhydrides. The pathway involves the stepwise oxidation of aldehyde and methyl carbon atoms to form a 1,2-dicarboxylate. A hydrolase-catalyzed interconversion of this and the corresponding maleic anhydride, followed by decarboxylation of the diacid leads to the pathway's final product of stipitatic acid.	1
Title: A polyketide synthase is required for fungal virulence and production of the polyketide T-toxin Abstract: Race T of the fungal pathogen Cochliobolus heterostrophus is highly virulent toward Texas male sterile (T) maize and differs from its relative, race O, at a locus (Tox1) that is responsible for the production of T-toxin, a family of linear long-chain (C35 to E41) polyketides. In a previous study, the restriction enzyme-mediated integration procedure was used to mutagenize and tag Tox1. Here, we report that the DNA recovered from the insertion site of one mutant encodes a 7.6-kb open reading frame (2530 amino acids) that identifies a multifunctional polyketide synthase (PKS)-encoding gene (PKS1) with six catalytic domains arranged in the following order, starting at the N terminus: beta-ketoacyl synthase, acyltransferase, dehydratase, enoyl reductase, beta-ketoacyl reductase, and acyl carrier protein. PKS1 is interrupted by four apparent introns (74, 57, 49, and 41 bp) and exists in the genome as a single copy surrounded by highly repetitive, A + T-rich DNA. When PKS1 in race T was inactivated by targeted gene disruption, T-toxin production and high virulence were eliminated, indicating that this PKS is required for fungal virulence. Race O strains, which do not produce T-toxin, lack a detectable homolog of PKS1, suggesting that race T may have acquired PKS1 by horizontal transfer of DNA rather than by vertical inheritance from an ancestral strain.	1
Title: Six new genes required for production of T-toxin, a polyketide determinant of high virulence of Cochliobolus heterostrophus to maize Abstract: Southern Corn Leaf Blight, one of the worst plant disease epidemics in modern history, was caused by Cochliobolus heterostrophus race T, which produces T-toxin, a determinant of high virulence to maize carrying Texas male sterile cytoplasm. The genetics of T-toxin production is complex and the evolutionary origin of associated genes is uncertain. It is known that ability to produce T-toxin requires three genes encoded at two unlinked loci, Tox1A and Tox1B, which map to the breakpoints of a reciprocal translocation. DNA associated with Tox1A and Tox1B sums to about 1.2 Mb of A+T rich, repeated DNA that is not found in less virulent race O or other Cochliobolus species. Here, we describe identification and targeted deletion of six additional genes, three mapping to Tox1A and three to Tox1B. Mutant screens indicate that all six genes are involved in T-toxin production and high virulence to maize. The nine known Tox1 genes encode two polyketide synthases (PKS), one decarboxylase, five dehydrogenases, and one unknown protein. Only two have a similar phylogenetic profile. To trace evolutionary history of one of the core PKS, DNA from more than 100 Dothideomycete species were screened for homologs. An ortholog (60% identity) was confirmed in Didymella zeae-maydis, which produces PM-toxin, a polyketide of similar structure and biological specificity as T-toxin. Only one additional Dothideomycete species, the dung ascomycete Delitschia winteri harbored a paralog. The unresolved evolutionary history and distinctive gene signature of the PKS (fast-evolving, discontinuous taxonomic distribution) leaves open the question of lateral or vertical transmission.	1
Title: Comparative characterization of fungal anthracenone and naphthacenedione biosynthetic pathways reveals an α-hydroxylation-dependent Claisen-like cyclization catalyzed by a dimanganese thioesterase Abstract: The linear tetracyclic TAN-1612 (1) and BMS-192548 (2) were isolated from different filamentous fungal strains and have been examined as potential neuropeptide Y and neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists, respectively. Although the biosynthesis of fungal aromatic polyketides has attracted much interest in recent years, the biosynthetic mechanism for such naphthacenedione-containing products has not been established. Using a targeted genome mining approach, we first located the ada gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of 1 in Aspergillus niger ATCC 1015. The connection between 1 and the ada pathway was verified through overexpression of the Zn(2)Cys(6)-type pathway-specific transcriptional regulator AdaR and subsequent gene expression analysis. The enzymes encoded in the ada gene cluster share high sequence similarities to the known apt pathway linked to the biosynthesis of anthraquinone asperthecin 3. Subsequent comparative investigation of these two highly homologous gene clusters by heterologous pathway reconstitution in Saccharomyces cerevisiae revealed a novel α-hydroxylation-dependent Claisen cyclization cascade, which involves a flavin-dependent monooxygenase that hydroxylates the α-carbon of an acyl carrier protein-bound polyketide and a bifunctional metallo-β-lactamase-type thioesterase (MβL-TE). The bifunctional MβL-TE catalyzes the fourth ring cyclization to afford the naphthacenedione scaffold upon α-hydroxylation, whereas it performs hydrolytic release of an anthracenone product in the absence of α-hydroxylation. Through in vitro biochemical characterizations and metal analyses, we verified that the apt MβL-TE is a dimanganese enzyme and requires both Mn(2+) cations for the observed activities. The MβL-TE is the first example of a thioesterase in polyketide biosynthesis that catalyzes the Claisen-like condensation without an α/β hydrolase fold and forms no covalent bond with the substrate. These mechanistic features should be general to the biosynthesis of tetracyclic naphthacenedione compounds in fungi.	1
Title: Isolation of the biosynthetic gene cluster for tautomycetin, a linear polyketide T cell-specific immunomodulator from Streptomyces sp. CK4412 Abstract: The bacterial genus Streptomyces has long been appreciated for its ability to produce various kinds of medically important secondary metabolites, such as antibiotics, anti-tumour agents, immunosuppressants and enzyme inhibitors. Tautomycetin (TMC), which is produced by Streptomyces sp. CK4412, is a novel activated T cell-specific immunosuppressive compound with an ester bond linkage between a terminal cyclic anhydride moiety and a linear polyketide chain bearing an unusual terminal alkene. Using a Streptomyces polyketide methylmalonyl-CoA acyltransferase gene as a probe, three overlapping cosmids were isolated from the genomic library of TMC-producing Streptomyces sp. CK4412. Sequence information of an approximately 70 kb contiguous DNA region revealed two multi-modular type I polyketide synthases (PKSs), and 12 additional gene products presumably involved in TMC biosynthesis. The deduced roles for most of the TMC PKS catalytic domains were consistent with the expected functions necessary for TMC chain elongation and processing. In addition, disruption of a putative TMC acyl-CoA transferase gene, located upstream of the PKS gene locus, completely abolished TMC biosynthesis. Taken together, these data provide strong supporting evidence that the cloned gene cluster identified in this study is responsible for TMC biosynthesis in Streptomyces sp. CK4412, and set the stage for detailed genetic and biochemical studies of the biosynthesis of this important metabolite.	1
Title: Characterization of the tautomycetin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces griseochromogenes provides new insight into dialkylmaleic anhydride biosynthesis Abstract: Tautomycetin (TTN) is a highly potent and specific protein phosphatase inhibitor isolated from Streptomyces griseochromogenes. The biological activity of TTN makes it an important lead for drug discovery, whereas its rare dialkylmaleic anhydride moiety and structural similarity to tautomycin (TTM), another potent phosphatase inhibitor with tremendous medicinal potential, draws attention to novel biosynthetic chemistries responsible for its production. To elucidate the biosynthetic machinery associated with TTN production, the ttn biosynthetic gene cluster from S. griseochromogenes was isolated and characterized, and its involvement in TTN biosynthesis confirmed by gene inactivation and complementation experiments. The ttn cluster was localized to a 79 kb DNA region, consisting of 19 open reading frames that encode two modular type I polyketide synthases (TtnAB), one type II thioesterase (TtnH), eight proteins for dialkylmaleic anhydride biosynthesis (TtnKLMNOPRS), four tailoring enzymes (TtnCDFI), two regulatory proteins (TtnGQ), and one resistance protein (TtnJ). A model for TTN biosynthesis is proposed on the basis of functional assignments from sequence analysis, which agrees well with previous feeding experiments, has been supported by in vivo gene inactivation experiments, and is supported by analogy to the recently reported ttm cluster. These findings set the stage to fully investigate TTN biosynthesis and to biosynthetically engineer new TTN analogues.	1
Title: Functional characterization of TtnD and TtnF, unveiling new insights into tautomycetin biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for tautomycetin (TTN), a highly potent and selective protein phosphatase (PP) inhibitor isolated from Streptomyces griseochromogenes, has recently been cloned and sequenced. To better understand the transformations responsible for converting the post-polyketide synthase product into the exciting anticancer and immunosuppressive chemotherapeutic candidate TTN, we produced and characterized new analogues resulting from inactivation of two genes, ttnD and ttnF, in S. griseochromogenes. Inactivation of ttnD and ttnF, which encode for putative decarboxylase and dehydratase enzymes, respectively, afforded mutant strains SB13013 and SB13014. The DeltattnD mutant SB13013 accumulated four new TTN analogues, TTN D-1, TTN D-2, TTN D-3, and TTN D-4, whereas the DeltattnF mutant accumulated only one new TTN analogue, TTN F-1. The accumulation of these new TTN analogues defines the function of TtnD and TtnF and the timing of their chemistries in relation to installation of the C5 ketone moiety within TTN. Notably, all new analogues possess a structurally distinguishing carboxylic acid moiety, revealing that TtnD apparently cannot catalyze decarboxylation in the absence of TtnF. Additionally, cytotoxicity and PP inhibition assays reveal the importance of the functional groups installed by TtnDF and, consistent with earlier proposals, the C2''-C5 fragment of TTN to be a critical structural determinant behind the important and unique PP-1 selectivity displayed by TTN.	1
Title: Functional characterization of ttnI completing the tailoring steps for tautomycetin biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseochromogenes Abstract: The tautomycetin (TTN) biosynthetic gene cluster has been recently cloned and sequenced from Streptomyces griseochromogenes, unveiling four genes, ttnCDFI, as candidates to encode the tailoring steps for TTN biosynthesis. It is reported that (i) TtnC plays no essential role in TTN biosynthesis, (ii) TtnI catalyzes C-5 oxidation, and (iii) combining the previous findings with TtnFD, the tailoring steps from TTN F-1 to TTN take place in the order of TtnF-catalyzed C-1"/C-2" dehydration, TtnD-catalyzed C-3" decarboxylation, and TtnI-catalyzed C-5 oxidation.	1
Title: Utilization of the methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein biosynthesis locus for cloning of the tautomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces spiroverticillatus Abstract: Tautomycin (TTM), a potent protein phosphatase inhibitor, consists of a polyketide chain containing a spiroketal moiety and an acyl chain bearing a dialkylmaleic anhydride structure. PCR using degenerate primers was used to clone genes from Streptomyces spiroverticillatus for formation of the methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein. This locus was found to contain five genes (ttmC, ttmA, ttmD, ttmB, and ttmE), one of which was used as a probe to clone the 110-kb TTM biosynthetic gene cluster. The involvement of the ttmA gene in TTM biosynthesis was confirmed by gene inactivation and mutation complementation experiments.	1
Title: Characterization of the tautomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces spiroverticillatus unveiling new insights into dialkylmaleic anhydride and polyketide biosynthesis Abstract: Tautomycin (TTM) is a highly potent and specific protein phosphatase inhibitor isolated from Streptomyces spiroverticillatus. The biological activity of TTM makes it an important lead for drug discovery, whereas its spiroketal-containing polyketide chain and rare dialkylmaleic anhydride moiety draw attention to novel biosynthetic chemistries responsible for its production. To elucidate the biosynthetic machinery associated with these novel molecular features, the ttm biosynthetic gene cluster from S. spiroverticillatus was isolated and characterized, and its involvement in TTM biosynthesis was confirmed by gene inactivation and complementation experiments. The ttm cluster was localized to a 86-kb DNA region, consisting of 20 open reading frames that encode three modular type I polyketide synthases (TtmHIJ), one type II thioesterase (TtmT), five proteins for methoxymalonyl-S-acyl carrier protein biosynthesis (Ttm-ABCDE), eight proteins for dialkylmaleic anhydride biosynthesis and regulation (TtmKLMNOPRS), as well as two additional regulatory proteins (TtmF and TtmQ) and one tailoring enzyme (TtmG). A model for TTM biosynthesis is proposed based on functional assignments from sequence analysis, which agrees well with previous feeding experiments, and has been further supported by in vivo gene inactivation experiments. These findings set the stage to fully investigate TTM biosynthesis and to biosynthetically engineer new TTM analogs.	1
Title: Functional characterization of ttmM unveils new tautomycin analogs and insight into tautomycin biosynthesis and activity Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for tautomycin (TTM), a potent protein phosphatase (PP) inhibitor has recently been characterized. Inactivation of ttmM, which encodes a putative C3' hydroxylase, afforded mutant SB6005 which accumulated three new 3'-deshydroxy TTM analogs, supporting the function of TtmM and the previously proposed linear pathway for TTM biosynthesis. Bioassays reveal the importance of the C3' OH moiety in PP inhibition and that PP inhibition is not the exclusive mechanism driving TTM-induced cell death.	1
Title: Molecular genetic characterization of terreic acid pathway in Aspergillus terreus Abstract: Terreic acid is a natural product derived from 6-methylsalicylic acid (6-MSA). A compact gene cluster for its biosynthesis was characterized. Isolation of the intermediates and shunt products from the mutant strains, combined with bioinformatic analyses, allowed for the proposition of a biosynthetic pathway for terreic acid.	1
Title: Heterologous pathway assembly reveals molecular steps of fungal terreic acid biosynthesis Abstract: Terreic acid is a potential anticancer drug as it inhibits Bruton's tyrosine kinase; however, its biosynthetic molecular steps remain unclear. In this work, the individual reactions of terreic acid biosynthesis were determined by stepwise pathway assembly in a heterologous host, Pichia pastoris, on the basis of previous knockout studies in a native host, Aspergillus terreus. Polyketide synthase AtX was found to catalyze the formation of partially reduced polyketide 6-methylsalicylic acid, followed by 3-methylcatechol synthesis by salicylate 1-monooxygenase AtA-mediated decarboxylative hydroxylation of 6-methylsalicylic acid. Our results show that cytochrome P450 monooxygenase AtE hydroxylates 3-methylcatechol, thus producing the next product, 3-methyl-1,2,4-benzenetriol. A smaller putative cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, AtG, assists with this step. Then, AtD causes epoxidation and hydroxyl oxidation of 3-methyl-1,2,4-benzenetriol and produces a compound terremutin, via which the previously unknown function of AtD was identified as cyclooxygenation. The final step involves an oxidation reaction of a hydroxyl group by a glucose-methanol-choline oxidoreductase, AtC, which leads to the final product: terreic acid. Functions of AtD and AtG were determined for the first time. All the genes were reanalyzed and all intermediates and final products were isolated and identified. Our model fully defines the molecular steps and corrects previous results from the literature.	1
Title: Cloning of the polyketide synthase gene atX from Aspergillus terreus and its identification as the 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase gene by heterologous expression Abstract: Southern blot analysis of genomic DNAs of several fungi that produce polyketide compounds with the 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase (MSAS) gene of Penicillium patulum as a probe indicated the presence of an MSAS-homologous gene in the (+)-geodin-producing strain IMI 16,043 of Aspergillus terreus. The gene, designated atX was cloned from an A. terreus genomic DNA library and 7588 bp of the gene together with its flanking regions were sequenced to reveal the presence of a 5.5 kb open reading frame coding for a protein of 1800 amino acids with 190 kDa molecular mass. The presence of a short (70 bp) intron near the N-terminus of the atX gene was predicted that contains the canonical GT and AG dinucleotides at its 5'- and 3'-splicing junctions. The predicted ATX polypeptide showed high homology with P. patulum MSAS along the whole sequence. On the other hand, slight homology was detected only around the beta-ketoacyl synthase regions of Aspergillus nidulans wA, PKSST and Colletotrichum lagenarium PKS1. No transcription of atX was observed throughout the culture period by Northern blotting analysis. To identify the function of the polypeptide encoded by the atX gene, its coding region was introduced into the fungal expression vector pTAex3 under the control of the amyB promoter. The constructed expression plasmid was introduced into A. nidulans. The transformant produced significant amounts of 6-methylsalicylic acid, the structure of which was identified by physicochemical analysis. This result unambiguously demonstrated that the atX gene codes for MSAS of A. terreus.	1
Title: Terrein biosynthesis in Aspergillus terreus and its impact on phytotoxicity Abstract: Terrein is a fungal metabolite with ecological, antimicrobial, antiproliferative, and antioxidative activities. Although it is produced by Aspergillus terreus as one of its major secondary metabolites, not much is known about its biosynthetic pathway. Here, we describe an unexpected discovery of the terrein biosynthesis gene locus made while we were looking for a PKS gene involved in production of conidia coloration pigments common for Aspergilli. The gene, ATEG_00145, here named terA, is essential for terrein biosynthesis and heterologous production of TerA in Aspergillus niger revealed an unusual plasticity in the products formed, yielding a mixture of 4-hydroxy-6-methylpyranone, orsellinic acid, and 6,7-dihydroxymellein. Biochemical and molecular genetic analyses indicate a low extension cycle specificity of TerA. Furthermore, 6-hydroxymellein was identified as a key intermediate in terrein biosynthesis. We find that terrein production is highly induced on plant-derived media, that terrein has phytotoxic activity on plant growth, and induces lesions on fruit surfaces.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of 6-Hydroxymellein Requires a Collaborating Polyketide Synthase-like Enzyme Abstract: The polyketide synthase (PKS)-like protein TerB, consisting of inactive dehydratase, inactive C-methyltransferase, and functional ketoreductase domains collaborates with the iterative non reducing PKS TerA to produce 6-hydroxymellein, a key pathway intermediate during the biosynthesis of various fungal natural products. The catalytically inactive dehydratase domain of TerB appears to mediate productive interactions with TerA, demonstrating a new mode of trans-interaction between iterative PKS components.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the tetrocarcin A gene cluster from Micromonospora chalcea NRRL 11289 reveals a highly conserved strategy for tetronate biosynthesis in spirotetronate antibiotics Abstract: Tetrocarcin A (TCA), produced by Micromonospora chalcea NRRL 11289, is a spirotetronate antibiotic with potent antitumor activity and versatile modes of action. In this study, the biosynthetic gene cluster of TCA was cloned and localized to a 108-kb contiguous DNA region. In silico sequence analysis revealed 36 putative genes that constitute this cluster (including 11 for unusual sugar biosynthesis, 13 for aglycone formation, and 4 for glycosylations) and allowed us to propose the biosynthetic pathway of TCA. The formation of D-tetronitrose, L-amicetose, and L-digitoxose may begin with D-glucose-1-phosphate, share early enzymatic steps, and branch into different pathways by competitive actions of specific enzymes. Tetronolide biosynthesis involves the incorporation of a 3-C unit with a polyketide intermediate to form the characteristic spirotetronate moiety and trans-decalin system. Further substitution of tetronolide with five deoxysugars (one being a deoxynitrosugar) was likely due to the activities of four glycosyltransferases. In vitro characterization of the first enzymatic step by utilization of 1,3-biphosphoglycerate as the substrate and in vivo cross-complementation of the bifunctional fused gene tcaD3 (with the functions of chlD3 and chlD4) to Delta chlD3 and Delta chlD4 in chlorothricin biosynthesis supported the highly conserved tetronate biosynthetic strategy in the spirotetronate family. Deletion of a large DNA fragment encoding polyketide synthases resulted in a non-TCA-producing strain, providing a clear background for the identification of novel analogs. These findings provide insights into spirotetronate biosynthesis and demonstrate that combinatorial-biosynthesis methods can be applied to the TCA biosynthetic machinery to generate structural diversity.	1
Title: Analysis of the tetronomycin gene cluster: insights into the biosynthesis of a polyether tetronate antibiotic Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for tetronomycin (TMN), a polyether ionophoric antibiotic that contains four different types of ring, including the distinctive tetronic acid moiety, has been cloned from Streptomyces sp. NRRL11266. The sequenced tmn locus (113 234 bp) contains six modular polyketide synthase (PKS) genes and a further 27 open-reading frames. Based on sequence comparison to related biosynthetic gene clusters, the majority of these can be assigned a plausible role in TMN biosynthesis. The identity of the cluster, and the requirement for a number of individual genes, especially those hypothesised to contribute a glycerate unit to the formation of the tetronate ring, were confirmed by specific gene disruption. However, two large genes that are predicted to encode together a multifunctional PKS of a highly unusual type seem not to be involved in this pathway since deletion of one of them did not alter tetronomycin production. Unlike previously characterised polyether PKS systems, oxidative cyclisation appears to take place on the modular PKS rather than after transfer to a separate carrier protein, while tetronate ring formation and concomitant chain release share common mechanistic features with spirotetronate biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of tiacumicin B biosynthetic gene cluster affording diversified tiacumicin analogues and revealing a tailoring dihalogenase Abstract: The RNA polymerase inhibitor tiacumicin B is currently undergoing phase III clinical trial for treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea with great promise. To understand the biosynthetic logic and to lay a foundation for generating structural analogues via pathway engineering, the tiacumicin B biosynthetic gene cluster was identified and characterized from the producer Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis NRRL 18085. Sequence analysis of a 110,633 bp DNA region revealed the presence of 50 open reading frames (orfs). Functional investigations of 11 orfs by in vivo inactivation experiments, preliminarily outlined the boundaries of the tia-gene cluster and suggested that 31 orfs were putatively involved in tiacumicin B biosynthesis. Functions of a halogenase (TiaM), two glycosyltransferases (TiaG1 and TiaG2), a sugar C-methyltransferase (TiaS2), an acyltransferase (TiaS6), and two cytochrome P450s (TiaP1 and TiaP2) were elucidated by isolation and structural characterization of the metabolites from the corresponding gene-inactivation mutants. Accumulation of 18 tiacumicin B analogues from 7 mutants not only provided experimental evidence to confirm the proposed functions of individual biosynthetic enzymes, but also set an example of accessing microbial natural product diversity via genetic approach. More importantly, biochemical characterization of the FAD-dependent halogenase TiaM reveals a sequentially acting dihalogenation step tailoring tiacumicin B biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of a sugar-O-methyltransferase TiaS5 affords new Tiacumicin analogues with improved antibacterial properties and reveals substrate promiscuity Abstract: The 18-membered macrocyclic glycoside tiacumicin B, an RNA polymerase inhibitor, is of great therapeutic significance in treating Clostridium difficile infections. The recent characterization of the tiacumicin B biosynthetic gene cluster from Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis NRRL 18085 revealed the functions of two glycosyltransferases, a C-methyltransferase, an acyltransferase, two cytochrome P450s, and a tailoring dihalogenase in tiacumicin biosynthesis. Here we report the genetic confirmation and biochemical characterization of TiaS5 as a sugar-O-methyltransferase, requisite for tiacumicin B biosynthesis. The tiaS5-inactivation mutant is capable of producing 14 tiacumicin analogues (11 of which are new), all lacking the 2'-O-methyl group on the internal rhamnose moiety. Notably, two tiacumicin analogues exhibit improved antibacterial properties. We have also biochemically verified TiaS5 as an S-adenosyl-L-methionine-dependent O-methyltransferase, requiring divalent metal ions for activity. Substrate probing revealed TiaS5 to be a promiscuous enzyme, recognizing 12 tiacumicin analogues. These findings unequivocally establish that TiaS5 functions as a 2'-O-methyltransferase and provide direct biochemical evidence that TiaS5-catalyzed methylation is a tailoring step after glycosyl coupling in tiacumicin B biosynthesis.	1
Title: Stereospecificity of ketoreductase domains 1 and 2 of the tylactone modular polyketide synthase Abstract: Tylactone synthase (TYLS) is a modular polyketide synthase that catalyzes the formation of tylactone (1), the parent aglycone precursor of the macrolide antibiotic tylosin. TYLS modules 1 and 2 are responsible for the generation of antidiketide and triketide intermediates, respectively, each bound to an acyl carrier protein (ACP) domain. Each module harbors a ketoreductase (KR) domain. The stereospecificity of TYLS KR1 and TYLS KR2 has been determined by incubating each of the recombinant ketoreductase domains with reconstituted ketosynthase-acyltransferase [KS][AT] and ACP domains from the 6-deoxyerythronolide B synthase (DEBS) in the presence of the N-acetylcysteamine thioester of syn-(2S,3R)-2-methyl-3-hydroxypentanoate (6), methylmalonyl-CoA, and NADPH resulting in the exclusive formation of the ACP-bound (2R,3R,4S,5R)-2,4-methyl-3,5-dihydroxyhepanoyl triketide, as established by GC-MS analysis of the TMS ether of the derived triketide lactone 7. Both TYLS KR1 and KR2 therefore catalyze the stereospecific reduction of the 2-methyl-3-ketoacyl-ACP substrate from the re-face, with specificity for the reduction of the (2R)-methyl (D) diastereomer. The dehydration that is catalyzed by the dehydratase (DH) domains of TYLS module 2 to give the unsaturated (2E,4S,5R)-2,4-dimethyl-5-hydroxyhept-2-enoyl-ACP2 is therefore a syn elimination of water.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, and functional analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster of macrolactam antibiotic vicenistatin in Streptomyces halstedii Abstract: Vicenistatin, an antitumor antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces halstedii, is a unique 20-membered macrocyclic lactam with a novel aminosugar vicenisamine. The vicenistatin biosynthetic gene cluster (vin) spanning approximately 64 kbp was cloned and sequenced. The cluster contains putative genes for the aglycon biosynthesis including four modular polyketide synthases (PKSs), glutamate mutase, acyl CoA-ligase, and AMP-ligase. Also found in the cluster are genes of NDP-hexose 4,6-dehydratase and aminotransferase for vicenisamine biosynthesis. For the functional confirmation of the cluster, a putative glycosyltransferase gene product, VinC, was heterologously expressed, and the vicenisamine transfer reaction to the aglycon was chemically proved. A unique feature of the vicenistatin PKS is that the loading module contains only an acyl carrier protein domain, in contrast to other known PKS-loading modules containing certain activation domains. Activation of the starter acyl group by separate polypeptides is postulated as well.	1
Title: Discovery and characterization of a group of fungal polycyclic polyketide prenyltransferases Abstract: The prenyltransferase (PTase) gene vrtC was proposed to be involved in viridicatumtoxin (1) biosynthesis in Penicillium aethiopicum. Targeted gene deletion and reconstitution of recombinant VrtC activity in vitro established that VrtC is a geranyl transferase that catalyzes a regiospecific Friedel-Crafts alkylation of the naphthacenedione carboxamide intermediate 2 at carbon 6 with geranyl diphosphate. VrtC can function in the absence of divalent ions and can utilize similar naphthacenedione substrates, such as the acetyl-primed TAN-1612 (4). Genome mining using the VrtC protein sequence leads to the identification of a homologous group of PTase genes in the genomes of human and animal-associated fungi. Three enzymes encoded by this new subgroup of PTase genes from Neosartorya fischeri, Microsporum canis, and Trichophyton tonsurans were shown to be able to catalyze transfer of dimethylallyl to several tetracyclic naphthacenedione substrates in vitro. In total, seven C(5)- or C(10)-prenylated naphthacenedione compounds were generated. The regioselectivity of these new polycyclic PTases (pcPTases) was confirmed by characterization of product 9 obtained from biotransformation of 4 in Escherichia coli expressing the N. fischeri pcPTase gene. The discovery of this new subgroup of PTases extends our enzymatic tools for modifying polycyclic compounds and enables genome mining of new prenylated polyketides.	1
Title: A cytochrome P450 serves as an unexpected terpene cyclase during fungal meroterpenoid biosynthesis Abstract: Viridicatumtoxin (1) is a tetracycline-like fungal meroterpenoid with a unique, fused spirobicyclic ring system. Puzzlingly, no dedicated terpene cyclase is found in the gene cluster identified in Penicillium aethiopicum. Cytochrome P450 enzymes VrtE and VrtK in the vrt gene cluster were shown to catalyze C5-hydroxylation and spirobicyclic ring formation, respectively. Feeding acyclic previridicatumtoxin to Saccharomyces cerevisiae expressing VrtK confirmed that VrtK is the sole enzyme required for cyclizing the geranyl moiety. Thus, VrtK is the first example of a P450 that can catalyze terpene cyclization, most likely via initial oxidation of C17 to an allylic carbocation. Quantum chemical modeling revealed a possible new tertiary carbocation intermediate E that forms after allylic carbocation formation. Intermediate E can readily undergo concerted 1,2-alkyl shift/1,3-hydride shift, either spontaneously or further aided by VrtK, followed by C7 Friedel-Crafts alkylation to afford 1. The most likely stereochemical course of the reaction was proposed on the basis of the results of our computations.	1
Title: Total synthesis and structural revision of viridicatumtoxin B Abstract: Will the real viridicatumtoxin B please stand up:                       Total synthesis of viridicatumtoxin B resulted in its structural revision and opens the way for analogue construction and biological evaluation of this complex tetracycline antibiotic. The highly convergent strategy employed allows for swift construction of the entire carbocyclic framework of the molecule.	1
Title: Total synthesis of viridicatumtoxin B and analogues thereof: strategy evolution, structural revision, and biological evaluation Abstract: The details of the total synthesis of viridicatumtoxin B (1) are described. Initial synthetic strategies toward this intriguing tetracycline antibiotic resulted in the development of key alkylation and Lewis acid-mediated spirocyclization reactions to form the hindered EF spirojunction, as well as Michael-Dieckmann reactions to set the A and C rings. The use of an aromatic A-ring substrate, however, was found to be unsuitable for the introduction of the requisite hydroxyl groups at carbons 4a and 12a. Applying these previous tactics, we developed stepwise approaches to oxidize carbons 12a and 4a based on enol- and enolate-based oxidations, respectively, the latter of which was accomplished after systematic investigations that revealed critical reactivity patterns. The herein described synthetic strategy resulted in the total synthesis of viridicatumtoxin B (1), which, in turn, formed the basis for the revision of its originally assigned structure. The developed chemistry facilitated the synthesis of a series of viridicatumtoxin analogues, which were evaluated against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacterial strains, including drug-resistant pathogens, revealing the first structure-activity relationships within this structural type.	1
Title: Molecular and chemical characterization of the biosynthesis of the 6-MSA-derived meroterpenoid yanuthone D in Aspergillus niger Abstract: Secondary metabolites in filamentous fungi constitute a rich source of bioactive molecules. We have deduced the genetic and biosynthetic pathway of the antibiotic yanuthone D from Aspergillus niger. Our analyses show that yanuthone D is a meroterpenoid derived from the polyketide 6-methylsalicylic acid (6-MSA). Yanuthone D formation depends on a cluster composed of ten genes including yanA and yanI, which encode a 6-MSA polyketide synthase and a previously undescribed O-mevalon transferase, respectively. In addition, several branching points in the pathway were discovered, revealing five yanuthones (F, G, H, I, and J). Furthermore, we have identified another compound (yanuthone X1) that defines a class of yanuthones that depend on several enzymatic activities encoded by genes in the yan cluster but that are not derived from 6-MSA.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of 9-methylstreptimidone involves a new decarboxylative step for polyketide terminal diene formation Abstract: 9-Methylstreptimidone is a glutarimide antibiotic showing antiviral, antifungal, and antitumor activities. Genome scanning, bioinformatics analysis, and gene inactivation experiments reveal a gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of 9-methylstreptimidone in Streptomyces himastatinicus. The unveiled machinery features both acyltransferase- and thioesterase-less iterative use of module 5 as well as a branching module for glutarimide generation. Impressively, inactivation of smdK leads to a new carboxylate analogue unveiling a new mechanism for polyketide terminal diene formation.	1
Title: Genomic and metabolomic insights into the natural product biosynthetic diversity of a feral-hog-associated Brevibacillus laterosporus strain Abstract: Bacteria associated with mammals are a rich source of microbial biodiversity; however, little is known concerning the abilities of these microbes to generate secondary metabolites. This report focuses on a bacterium isolated from the ear of a feral hog from southwestern Oklahoma, USA. The bacterium was identified as a new strain (PE36) of Brevibacillus latersporus, which was shown via genomic analysis to contain a large number of gene clusters presumably involved in secondary metabolite biosynthesis. A scale-up culture of B. latersporus PE36 yielded three bioactive compounds that inhibited the growth of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (basiliskamides A and B and 12-methyltetradecanoic acid). Further studies of the isolate's secondary metabolome provided both new (auripyrazine) and previously-described pyrazine-containing compounds. In addition, a new peptidic natural product (auriporcine) was purified that was determined to be composed of a polyketide unit, two L-proline residues, two D-leucine residues, one L-leucine residue, and a reduced L-phenylalanine (L-phenylalanol). An examination of the genome revealed two gene clusters that are likely responsible for generating the basiliskamides and auriporcine. These combined genomic and chemical studies confirm that new and unusual secondary metabolites can be obtained from the bacterial associates of wild mammals.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the respiratory toxin bongkrekic acid in the pathogenic bacterium Burkholderia gladioli Abstract: Bongkrekic acid (BA), an infamous respiratory toxin of the pathogenic bacterium Burkholderia gladioli, causes lethal intoxications when tempe bongkrek is produced with contaminated Rhizopus oligosporus cultures. Genome sequencing of B. gladioli pathovar cocovenenans unveiled the genetic basis for BA biosynthesis, and pointed to a homologous bon gene cluster in a B. gladioli strain from an infected rice plant. For functional genetics in B. gladioli λ Red recombination was established. Dissection of the modular type I polyketide synthase (a trans-AT PKS) provided insights into complex polyketide assembly. Isoprenoid-like β-branching events and a six-electron oxidation of a methyl group to a carboxylic acid give rise to the unique branched tricarboxylic fatty acid. The role of the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, BonL, was proven by structural elucidation of deoxybongkrekic acid from a mutant.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the mitochondrial adenine nucleotide translocase (ATPase) inhibitor bongkrekic acid in Burkholderia gladioli Abstract: Biosynthetic studies with (13)C-labelled acetates and methionine revealed that the infamous, food-related toxin bongkrekic acid from Burkholderia gladioli is a polyketide with acetate-derived beta-branches and a carboxylate terminus derived from the methyl group of an acetate.	1
Title: bryA: an unusual modular polyketide synthase gene from the uncultivated bacterial symbiont of the marine bryozoan Bugula neritina Abstract: "Candidatus Endobugula sertula," the uncultivated bacterial symbiont of Bugula neritina, is the proposed source of the bryostatin family of anticancer compounds. We cloned a large modular polyketide synthase (PKS) gene complex from "Candidatus Endobugula sertula" and characterized one gene, bryA, which we propose is responsible for the initial steps of bryostatin biosynthesis. Typical PKS domains are present. However, acyltransferase domains are lacking in bryA, and beta-ketoacyl synthase domains of bryA cluster with those of PKSs with discrete, rather than integral, acyltransferases. We propose a model for biosynthesis of the bryostatin D-lactate starter unit by the bryA loading module, utilizing atypical domains homologous to FkbH, KR, and DH. The bryA gene product is proposed to synthesize a portion of the pharmacologically active part of bryostatin and may be useful in semisynthesis of clinically useful bryostatin analogs.	1
Title: Cycloheximide and actiphenol production in Streptomyces sp. YIM56141 governed by single biosynthetic machinery featuring an acyltransferase-less type I polyketide synthase Abstract: Cycloheximide (1) and actiphenol (2) have been isolated from numerous Streptomyces species. Cloning, sequencing, and characterization of a gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. YIM65141 now establish that 1 and 2 production is governed by single biosynthetic machinery. Biosynthesis of 1 features an acyltransferase-less type I polyketide synthase to construct its carbon backbone but may proceed via 2 as a key intermediate, invoking a provocative reduction of a phenol to a cyclohexanone moiety in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Structural and functional characterization of three polyketide synthase gene clusters in Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB 42 Abstract: Although bacterial polyketides are of considerable biomedical interest, the molecular biology of polyketide biosynthesis in Bacillus spp., one of the richest bacterial sources of bioactive natural products, remains largely unexplored. Here we assign for the first time complete polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters to Bacillus antibiotics. Three giant modular PKS systems of the trans-acyltransferase type were identified in Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB 42. One of them, pks1, is an ortholog of the pksX operon with a previously unknown function in the sequenced model strain Bacillus subtilis 168, while the pks2 and pks3 clusters are novel gene clusters. Cassette mutagenesis combined with advanced mass spectrometric techniques such as matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry and liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry revealed that the pks1 (bae) and pks3 (dif) gene clusters encode the biosynthesis of the polyene antibiotics bacillaene and difficidin or oxydifficidin, respectively. In addition, B. subtilis OKB105 (pheA sfp(0)), a transformant of the B. subtilis 168 derivative JH642, was shown to produce bacillaene, demonstrating that the pksX gene cluster directs the synthesis of that polyketide. The GenBank accession numbers for gene clusters pks1(bae), pks2, and pks3(dif) are AJ 634060.2, AJ 6340601.2, and AJ 6340602.2, respectively.	1
Title: iso-Migrastatin, migrastatin, and dorrigocin production in Streptomyces platensis NRRL 18993 is governed by a single biosynthetic machinery featuring an acyltransferase-less type I polyketide synthase Abstract: iso-Migrastatin and related glutarimide-containing polyketides are potent inhibitors of tumor cell migration and their implied potential as antimetastatic agents for human cancers has garnered significant attention. Genome scanning of Streptomyces platensis NRRL 18993 unveiled two candidate gene clusters (088D and mgs); each encodes acyltransferase-less type I polyketide synthases commensurate with iso-migrastatin biosynthesis. Both clusters were inactivated by lambda-RED-mediated PCR-targeting mutagenesis in S. platensis; iso-migrastatin production was completely abolished in the DeltamgsF mutant SB11012 strain, whereas inactivation of 088D-orf7 yielded the SB11006 strain that exhibited no discernible change in iso-migrastatin biosynthesis. These data indicate that iso-migrastatin production is governed by the mgs cluster. Systematic gene inactivation allowed determination of the precise boundaries of the mgs cluster and the essentiality of the genes within the mgs cluster in iso-migrastatin production. The mgs cluster consists of 11 open reading frames that encode three acyltransferase-less type I polyketide synthases (MgsEFG), one discrete acyltransferase (MgsH), a type II thioesterase (MgsB), three post-PKS tailoring enzymes (MgsIJK), two glutarimide biosynthesis enzymes (MgsCD), and one regulatory protein (MgsA). A model for iso-migrastatin biosynthesis is proposed based on functional assignments derived from bioinformatics and is further supported by the results of in vivo gene inactivation experiments.	1
Title: Post-polyketide synthase steps in iso-migrastatin biosynthesis, featuring tailoring enzymes with broad substrate specificity Abstract: The iso-migrastatin (iso-MGS) biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces platensis NRRL 18993 consists of 11 genes, featuring an acyltransferase (AT)-less type I polyketide synthase (PKS) and three tailoring enzymes MgsIJK. Systematic inactivation of mgsIJK in S. platensis enabled us to (i) identify two nascent products of the iso-MGS AT-less type I PKS, establishing an unprecedented novel feature for AT-less type I PKSs, and (ii) account for the formation of all known post-PKS biosynthetic intermediates generated by the three tailoring enzymes MgsIJK, which possessed significant substrate promiscuities.	1
Title: Migrastatin and a new compound, isomigrastatin, from Streptomyces platensis Abstract: Streptomyces platensis (strain NRRL 18993), a producer of dorrigocins, was shown to produce migrastatin, a cyclic congener of dorrigocin A previously reported from a different organism. Additionally a new compound isomeric to migrastatin, isomigrastatin, was also isolated and its structure was determined to be a cyclic form of dorrigocin B. Both compounds were fully characterized from MS and NMR data. Product titers of both were improved by the addition of XAD-16 resin to the fermentation medium.	1
Title: Migrastatin and dorrigocins are shunt metabolites of iso-migrastatin Abstract: Fermentation of Streptomyces platensis NRRL18993 typically accumulated migrastation (1), dorrigocin A (2) and B (3), and 13-epi-dorrigocin A (5). Supplement of XAD-16 resin to the fermentation, in contrast, resulted in exclusive production of iso-migrastatin (4). In vitro studies showed that 1, 2, 3, and 5 are stable in aqueous solution but 4 undergoes rapid conversion into 1, 2, 3, and 5 under the same condition. These results revealed that 4 is the only bona fide natural product biosynthesized by S. platensis, and 1, 2, 3, and 5 are shunt metabolites of 4. This study also established the stereochemistry of 2-5 with the exception of C-11 for 3 and 4. A mechanism for H2O-mediated regio- and stereospecific rearrangement of 4 to 1, 2, 3, and 5 is proposed and supported by incorporation of 18O from H218O.	1
Title: Stereochemical determination and complex biosynthetic assembly of etnangien, a highly potent RNA polymerase inhibitor from the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum Abstract: A potent novel analogue of the natural macrolide antibiotic etnangien, a structurally unique RNA polymerase inhibitor from myxobacteria, is reported. It may be readily obtained from fermentation broths of Sorangium cellulosum and shows high antibiotic activity, comparable to that of etnangien. However, it is much more readily available than the notoriously labile authentic natural product itself. Importantly, it is stable under neutral conditions, allowing for elaborate NMR measurements for assignment of the 12 hydroxyl- and methyl-bearing stereogenic centers. The full absolute and relative stereochemistries of these complex polyketides were determined by a combination of extensive high-field NMR studies, including J-based configuration analysis, molecular modeling, and synthetic derivatization in combination with an innovative method based on biosynthetic studies of this polyketide which is also presented here. A first look into the solution conformation and 3D structure of these promising macrolide antibiotics is reported. Finally, the complete biosynthetic gene cluster was analyzed in detail, revealing a highly unusual and complex trans-AT type polyketide biosynthesis, which does not follow colinearity rules, most likely performs programmed iteration as well as module skipping, and exhibits HMG-CoA box-directed methylation.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the natural fluorophore legioliulin from legionella Abstract: Let it shine: The biosynthesis of the UV fluorophore legioliulin (1) from Legionella spp. was elucidated and the phenylalanine ammonium lyase LglD responsible for the formation of the starter unit cinnamic acid was biochemically characterized. Additionally, two novel derivatives differing in the starter unit have been identified by mutasynthesis experiments.	1
Title: Comparative analysis of the complete genome sequence of the plant growth-promoting bacterium Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 is a Gram-positive, plant-associated bacterium, which stimulates plant growth and produces secondary metabolites that suppress soil-borne plant pathogens. Its 3,918-kb genome, containing an estimated 3,693 protein-coding sequences, lacks extended phage insertions, which occur ubiquitously in the closely related Bacillus subtilis 168 genome. The B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 genome reveals an unexpected potential to produce secondary metabolites, including the polyketides bacillaene and difficidin. More than 8.5% of the genome is devoted to synthesizing antibiotics and siderophores by pathways not involving ribosomes. Besides five gene clusters, known from B. subtilis to mediate nonribosomal synthesis of secondary metabolites, we identified four giant gene clusters absent in B. subtilis 168. The pks2 gene cluster encodes the components to synthesize the macrolactin core skeleton.	1
Title: Macrolactin is the polyketide biosynthesis product of the pks2 cluster of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: In the genome of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42, three operons pks1, pks2, and pks3 were identified which encode the biosynthesis of polyketides. pks1 and pks3 have been attributed to the production of bacillaene and difficidin/oxydifficidin, respectively, while the pks2 product remained hitherto unknown. Mass spectrometric analysis of the culture filtrates of the wild-type B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 and mutants revealed pks2-specific metabolites. By combination of the mass spectrometric and UV/vis data with a database search, these compounds were attributed to four members of the macrolactin family, macrolactin A and D as well as 7-O-malonyl- and 7-O-succinyl-macrolactin. This conclusion was verified by the isolation and structure elucidation of macrolactin A using mass spectrometric and 2D-NMR studies. Macrolactin biosynthesis was investigated using feeding experiments with (13)C-acetate. (13)C-labelled macrolactin A revealed an alternating labelling of its carbon skeleton with (13)C, indicating that acetate/malonate was used as the sole precursor. The macrolactin structure is compatible with the domain organization of the pks2-operon. Similarly to pks1 and pks3, pks2 is a modular polyketide synthase system of type I which exhibits a trans-acyltransferase architecture using a discrete acyltransferase enzyme iteratively in the assembly of macrolactin. Finally, the potential for macrolactin production on a genetic and metabolic basis was found to be widely distributed among Bacillus amyloliquefaciens strains.	1
Title: Quorum-sensing-dependent regulation of biosynthesis of the polyketide antibiotic mupirocin in Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 10586 Abstract: Mupirocin (pseudomonic acid) is a polyketide antibiotic, targeting isoleucyl-tRNA synthase, and produced by Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 10586. It is used clinically as a topical treatment for staphylococcal infections, particularly in contexts where there is a problem with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). In studying the mupirocin biosynthetic cluster the authors identified two putative regulatory genes, mupR and mupI, whose predicted amino acid sequences showed significant identity to proteins involved in quorum-sensing-dependent regulatory systems such as LasR/LuxR (transcriptional activators) and LasI/LuxI (synthases for N-acylhomoserine lactones--AHLs--that activate LasR/LuxR). Inactivation by deletion mutations using a suicide vector strategy confirmed the requirement for both genes in mupirocin biosynthesis. Cross-feeding experiments between bacterial strains as well as solvent extraction showed that, as predicted, wild-type P. fluorescens NCIMB 10586 produces a diffusible substance that overcomes the defect of a mupI mutant. Use of biosensor strains showed that the MupI product can activate the Pseudomonas aeruginosa lasRlasI system and that P. aeruginosa produces one or more compounds that can replace the MupI product. Insertion of a xylE reporter gene into mupA, the first ORF of the mupirocin biosynthetic operon, showed that together mupR/mupI control expression of the operon in such a way that the cluster is switched on late in exponential phase and in stationary phase.	1
Title: Characterization of the mupirocin biosynthesis gene cluster from Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 10586 Abstract: The polyketide antibiotic mupirocin (pseudomonic acid) produced by Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 10586 competitively inhibits bacterial isoleucyl-tRNA synthase and is useful in controlling Staphylococcus aureus, particularly methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. The 74 kb mupirocin biosynthesis cluster has been sequenced, and putative enzymatic functions of many of the open reading frames (ORFs) have been identified. The mupirocin cluster is a combination of six larger ORFs (mmpA-F), containing several domains resembling the multifunctional proteins of polyketide synthase and fatty acid synthase type I systems, and individual genes (mupA-X and macpA-E), some of which show similarity to type II systems (mupB, mupD, mupG, and mupS). Gene knockout experiments demonstrated the importance of regions in mupirocin production, and complementation of the disrupted gene confirmed that the phenotypes were not due to polar effects. A model for mupirocin biosynthesis is presented based on the sequence and biochemical evidence.	1
Title: Tandemly duplicated acyl carrier proteins, which increase polyketide antibiotic production, can apparently function either in parallel or in series Abstract: Polyketide biosynthesis involves the addition of subunits commonly derived from malonate or methylmalonate to a starter unit such as acetate. Type I polyketide synthases are multifunctional polypeptides that contain one or more modules, each of which normally contains all the enzymatic domains for a single round of extension and modification of the polyketide backbone. Acyl carrier proteins (ACP(s)) hold the extender unit to which the starter or growing chain is added. Normally there is one ACP for each ketosynthase module. However, there are an increasing number of known examples of tandemly repeated ACP domains, whose function is as yet unknown. For the doublet and triplet ACP domains in the biosynthetic pathway for the antibiotic mupirocin from Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB10586 we have inactivated ACP domains by inframe deletion and amino acid substitution of the active site serine. By deletion analysis each individual ACP from a cluster can provide a basic but reduced activity for the pathway. In the doublet cluster, substitution analysis indicates that the pathway may follow two parallel routes, one via each of the ACPs, thus increasing overall pathway flow. In the triplet cluster, substitution in ACP5 blocked the pathway. Thus ACP5 appears to be arranged "in series" to ACP6 and ACP7. Thus although both the doublet and triplet clusters increase antibiotic production, the mechanisms by which they do this appear to be different and depend specifically on the biosynthetic stage involved. The function of some ACPs may be determined by their location in the protein rather than absolute enzymic activity.	1
Title: Mupirocin W, a novel pseudomonic acid produced by targeted mutation of the mupirocin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Mutation of the mupW gene in the mupirocin biosynthetic gene cluster in Pseudomonas fluorescens results in efficient production of a novel pseudomonic acid metabolite, mupirocin W, which lacks the characteristic tetrahydropyran ring, and reveals the role of the mupW gene in pseudomonic acid biosynthesis.	1
Title: Shift to Pseudomonic acid B production in P. fluorescens NCIMB10586 by mutation of mupirocin tailoring genes mupO, mupU, mupV, and macpE Abstract: Mupirocin, a polyketide-derived antibiotic from Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB10586, is a mixture of pseudomonic acids (PA) that target isoleucyl-tRNA synthase. The mup gene cluster encodes both type I polyketide synthases and monofunctional enzymes that should play a role during the conversion of the product of the polyketide synthase into the active antibiotic (tailoring). By in-frame deletion analysis of selected tailoring open-reading frames we show that mupQ, mupS, mupT, and mupW are essential for mupirocin production, whereas mupO, mupU, mupV, and macpE are essential for production of PA-A but not PA-B. Therefore, PA-B is not simply produced by hydroxylation of PA-A but is either a precursor of PA-A or a shunt product. In the mupW mutant, a new metabolite lacking the tetrahydropyran ring is produced, implicating mupW in oxidation of the 16-methyl group.	1
Title: Mutational analysis reveals that all tailoring region genes are required for production of polyketide antibiotic mupirocin by pseudomonas fluorescens: pseudomonic acid B biosynthesis precedes pseudomonic acid A Abstract: The Pseudomonas fluorescens mupirocin biosynthetic cluster encodes six proteins involved in polyketide biosynthesis and 26 single polypeptides proposed to perform largely tailoring functions. In-frame deletions in the tailoring open reading frames demonstrated that all are required for mupirocin production. A bidirectional promoter region was identified between mupF, which runs counter to other open reading frames and its immediate neighbor macpC, implying the 74-kb cluster consists of two transcriptional units. mupD/E and mupJ/K must be cotranscribed as pairs for normal function implying co-assembly during translation. MupJ and K belong to a widely distributed enzyme pair implicated, with MupH, in methyl addition. Deletion of mupF, a putative ketoreductase, produced a mupirocin analogue with a C-7 ketone. Deletion of mupC, a putative dienoyl CoA reductase, generated an analogue whose structure indicated that MupC is also implicated in control of the oxidation state around the tetrahydropyran ring of monic acid. Double mutants with DeltamupC and DeltamupO, DeltamupU, DeltamupV, or DeltamacpE produced pseudomonic acid B but not pseudomonic acid A, as do the mupO, U, V, and macpE mutants, indicating that MupC must work after MupO, U, and V.	1
Title: Mupirocin H, a novel metabolite resulting from mutation of the HMG-CoA synthase analogue, mupH in Pseudomonas fluorescens Abstract: Mutation of the HMG-CoA synthase encoding mupH gene in Pseudomonas fluorescens gives rise to a new metabolite formed from a truncated polyketide intermediate, providing in vivo evidence for the roles of mupH and cognate genes found in several "AT-less" and other bacterial PKS gene clusters responsible for the biosynthesis of diverse metabolites containing acetate/propionate derived side chains.	1
Title: Phosphopantetheinylation and specificity of acyl carrier proteins in the mupirocin biosynthetic cluster Abstract: Acyl carrier proteins are vital for the biosynthesis of fatty acids and polyketides. The mupirocin biosynthetic cluster of Pseudomonas fluorescens encodes eleven type I ACPs embedded in its multifunctional polyketide synthase (PKS) proteins plus five predicted type II ACPs (mAcpA-E) that are known to be essential for mupirocin biosynthesis by deletion and complementation analysis. MupN is a putative Sfp-type phosphopantetheinyl transferase. Overexpression of three type I and three type II mupirocin ACPs in Escherichia coli, with or without mupN, followed by mass spectroscopy revealed that MupN can modify both mupirocin type I and type II ACPs to their holo-form. The endogenous phosphopantetheinyl transferase of E. coli modified mAcpA but not mAcpC or D. Overexpression of the type II ACPs in macp deletion mutants of the mupirocin producer P. fluorescens 10586 showed that they cannot substitute for each other while hybrids between mAcpA and mAcpB indicated that, at least for mAcpB, the C-terminal domain determines functional specificity. Amino acid alignments identified mACPs A and D as having C-terminal extensions. Mutation of these regions generated defective ACPs, the activity of which could be restored by overexpression of the macp genes on separate plasmids.	1
Title: Manipulation of quorum sensing regulation in Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 10586 to increase mupirocin production Abstract: Transcription of the 74 kb Pseudomonas fluorescens mupirocin [pseudomonic acid (PA)] biosynthesis cluster depends on quorum sensing-dependent regulation via the LuxI/LuxR homologues MupI/MupR. To facilitate analysis of novel PAs from pathway mutants, we investigated factors that affect mup gene expression. First, the signal produced by MupI was identified as N-(3-oxodecanoyl)homoserine lactone, but exogenous addition of this molecule did not activate mupirocin production prematurely nor did expression of mupI in trans increase metabolite production. Second, we confirmed that mupX, encoding an amidase/hydrolase that can degrade N-acylhomoserine lactones, is also required for efficient expression, consistent with its occurrence in a regulatory module linked to unrelated genes in P. fluorescens. Third, and most significantly, mupR expression in trans to wild type and mutants can increase production of antibiotic and novel intermediates up to 17-fold.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of mupirocin by Pseudomonas fluorescens NCIMB 10586 involves parallel pathways Abstract: Mupirocin, a clinically important antibiotic produced via a trans-AT Type I polyketide synthase (PKS) in Pseudomonas fluorescens, consists of a mixture of mainly pseudomonic acids A, B, and C. Detailed metabolic profiling of mutant strains produced by systematic inactivation of PKS and tailoring genes, along with re-feeding of isolated metabolites to mutant stains, has allowed the isolation of a large number of novel metabolites, identification of the 10,11-epoxidase, and full characterization of the mupirocin biosynthetic pathway, which proceeds via major (10,11-epoxide) and minor (10,11-alkene) parallel pathways.	1
Title: Paenimacrolidin, a novel macrolide antibiotic from Paenibacillus sp. F6-B70 active against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Paenibacillus sp. F6-B70 was selected from several dozens of isolates with activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus using a 16S rDNA-based screening method. F6-B70 contained polyketide synthase (PKS) and non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) clusters in its genome revealed by PCR amplification of conserved adenylation and ketosynthase (KS) domains. Phylogenetic data suggested that the strain hosts trans-AT PKSs and their product may be a branched molecule. An antibiotic was subsequently isolated from the methanol extract of F6-B70 cells. The molecular formula of the antibiotic was deduced to be C(33) H(50) NaO(6) ([M + Na](+) , m/z 565.3505) by analysis of electrospray ionization mass spectral data. Elucidation of the structure by nuclear magnetic resonance and infrared spectroscopy revealed that the active compound, paenimacrolidin (PAM), was a novel 22-membered macrolide with side-chains. The new antibiotic, mainly as a bacteriostatic agent, inhibits a couple of multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus sp. strains. The antibiotic capacity of PAM was compromised by its instability, which can be overcome significantly with addition of an anti-oxidant. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the isolation of an active macrolide from paenibacilli, which may be a promising source of novel antibiotics.	1
Title: Boronated tartrolon antibiotic produced by symbiotic cellulose-degrading bacteria in shipworm gills Abstract: Shipworms are marine wood-boring bivalve mollusks (family Teredinidae) that harbor a community of closely related Gammaproteobacteria as intracellular endosymbionts in their gills. These symbionts have been proposed to assist the shipworm host in cellulose digestion and have been shown to play a role in nitrogen fixation. The genome of one strain of Teredinibacter turnerae, the first shipworm symbiont to be cultivated, was sequenced, revealing potential as a rich source of polyketides and nonribosomal peptides. Bioassay-guided fractionation led to the isolation and identification of two macrodioloide polyketides belonging to the tartrolon class. Both compounds were found to possess antibacterial properties, and the major compound was found to inhibit other shipworm symbiont strains and various pathogenic bacteria. The gene cluster responsible for the synthesis of these compounds was identified and characterized, and the ketosynthase domains were analyzed phylogenetically. Reverse-transcription PCR in addition to liquid chromatography and high-resolution mass spectrometry and tandem mass spectrometry revealed the transcription of these genes and the presence of the compounds in the shipworm, suggesting that the gene cluster is expressed in vivo and that the compounds may fulfill a specific function for the shipworm host. This study reports tartrolon polyketides from a shipworm symbiont and unveils the biosynthetic gene cluster of a member of this class of compounds, which might reveal the mechanism by which these bioactive metabolites are biosynthesized.	1
Title: Exploiting the mosaic structure of trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthases for natural product discovery and pathway dissection Abstract: Modular polyketide synthases (PKSs) are giant bacterial enzymes that synthesize many polyketides of therapeutic value. In contrast to PKSs that provide acyltransferase (AT) activities in cis, trans-AT PKSs lack integrated AT domains and exhibit unusual enzymatic features with poorly understood functions in polyketide assembly. This has retarded insight into the assembly of products such as mupirocin, leinamycin and bryostatin 1. We show that trans-AT PKSs evolved in a fundamentally different fashion from cis-AT systems, through horizontal recruitment and assembly of substrate-specific ketosynthase (KS) domains. The insights obtained from analysis of these KS mosaics will facilitate both the discovery of novel polyketides by genome mining, as we demonstrate for the thailandamides of Burkholderia thailandensis, and the extraction of chemical information from short trans-AT PCR products, as we show using metagenomic DNA of marine sponges. Our data also suggest new strategies for dissecting polyketide biosynthetic pathways and engineering polyketide assembly.	1
Title: Induced biosynthesis of cryptic polyketide metabolites in a Burkholderia thailandensis quorum sensing mutant Abstract: Genetic manipulation of the LuxR-type quorum sensing regulator system in Burkholderia thailandensis caused a significant change in the metabolic profile: it led to activation of the thailandamide biosynthesis gene cluster, dramatically increased thailandamide production, and induced strong pigmentation. A novel polyketide metabolite, thailandamide lactone (2), which cannot be detected in the wild type, was isolated from the mutant broth, and its structure was elucidated by high-resolution mass spectrometry and IR and NMR spectroscopy. In a biological assay using tumor cell lines, 2 showed moderate antiproliferative activities. This finding not only points to complex regulation but also serves as a proof of concept that engineering quorum sensing mutants may enable the discovery of novel bioactive natural products encoded by silent or only weakly expressed biosynthetic pathway genes.	1
Title: Microbial biosynthesis of medium-chain 1-alkenes by a nonheme iron oxidase Abstract: Aliphatic medium-chain 1-alkenes (MCAEs, ∼10 carbons) are "drop-in" compatible next-generation fuels and precursors to commodity chemicals. Mass production of MCAEs from renewable resources holds promise for mitigating dependence on fossil hydrocarbons. An MCAE, such as 1-undecene, is naturally produced by Pseudomonas as a semivolatile metabolite through an unknown biosynthetic pathway. We describe here the discovery of a single gene conserved in Pseudomonas responsible for 1-undecene biosynthesis. The encoded enzyme is able to convert medium-chain fatty acids (C10-C14) into their corresponding terminal olefins using an oxygen-activating, nonheme iron-dependent mechanism. Both biochemical and X-ray crystal structural analyses suggest an unusual mechanism of β-hydrogen abstraction during fatty acid substrate activation. Our discovery unveils previously unidentified chemistry in the nonheme Fe(II) enzyme family, provides an opportunity to explore the biology of 1-undecene in Pseudomonas, and paves the way for tailored bioconversion of renewable raw materials to MCAE-based biofuels and chemical commodities.	1
Title: Biosynthetic intermediate analysis and functional homology reveal a saxitoxin gene cluster in cyanobacteria Abstract: Saxitoxin (STX) and its analogues cause the paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP) syndrome, which afflicts human health and impacts coastal shellfish economies worldwide. PSP toxins are unique alkaloids, being produced by both prokaryotes and eukaryotes. Here we describe a candidate PSP toxin biosynthesis gene cluster (sxt) from Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii T3. The saxitoxin biosynthetic pathway is encoded by more than 35 kb, and comparative sequence analysis assigns 30 catalytic functions to 26 proteins. STX biosynthesis is initiated with arginine, S-adenosylmethionine, and acetate by a new type of polyketide synthase, which can putatively perform a methylation of acetate, and a Claisen condensation reaction between propionate and arginine. Further steps involve enzymes catalyzing three heterocyclizations and various tailoring reactions that result in the numerous isoforms of saxitoxin. In the absence of a gene transfer system in these microorganisms, we have revised the description of the known STX biosynthetic pathway, with in silico functional inferences based on sxt open reading frames combined with liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry analysis of the biosynthetic intermediates. Our results indicate the evolutionary origin for the production of PSP toxins in an ancestral cyanobacterium with genetic contributions from diverse phylogenetic lineages of bacteria and provide a quantum addition to the catalytic collective available for future combinatorial biosyntheses. The distribution of these genes also supports the idea of the involvement of this gene cluster in STX production in various cyanobacteria.	1
Title: Reassessment of the toxin profile of Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii T3 and function of putative sulfotransferases in synthesis of sulfated and sulfonated PSP toxins Abstract: The toxigenic freshwater cyanobacterium Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii T3 has been used as a model to study and elucidate the biosynthetic pathway of tetrahydropurine neurotoxins associated with paralytic shellfish poisoning (PSP). There are nevertheless several inconsistencies and contradictions in the toxin profile of this strain as published by different research groups, and claimed to include carbamoyl (STX, NEO, GTX2/3), decarbamoyl (dcSTX), and N-sulfocarbamoyl (C1/2, B1) derivatives. Our analysis of the complete genome of another PSP toxin-producing cyanobacterium, Raphidiopsis brookii D9, which is closely related to C. raciborskii T3, resolved many issues regarding the correlation between biosynthetic pathways, corresponding genes and the T3 toxin profile. The putative sxt gene cluster in R. brookii D9 has a high synteny with the T3 sxt cluster, with 100% nucleotide identity among the shared genes. We also compared the PSP toxin profile of the strains by liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). In contrast to published reports, our reassessment of the PSP toxin profile of T3 confirmed production of only STX, NEO and dcNEO. We gained significant insights via correlation between specific sxt genes and their role in PSP toxin synthesis in both D9 and T3 strains. In particular, analysis of sulfotransferase functions for SxtN (N-sulfotransferase) and SxtSUL (O-sulfotransferase) enzymes allowed us to propose an extension of the PSP toxin biosynthetic pathway from STX to the production of the derivatives GTX2/3, C1/2 and B1. This is a significantly revised view of the genetic mechanisms underlying synthesis of sulfated and sulfonated STX analogues in toxigenic cyanobacteria.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the insecticidal xenocyloins in Xenorhabdus bovienii Abstract: The biosynthesis gene cluster for the production of xenocyloins was identified in the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus bovienii SS-2004, and their biosynthesis was elucidated by heterologous expression and in vitro characterization of the enzymes. XclA is an S-selective ThDP-dependent acyloin-like condensation enzyme, and XclB and XclC are examples of the still-rare acylating ketosynthases that catalyze the acylation of the XclA-derived initial xenocyloins with acetyl-, propionyl-, or malonyl-CoA, thereby resulting in the formation of further xenocyloin derivatives. All xenocyloins were produced mainly by the more virulent primary variant of X. bovienii and showed activity against insect hemocytes thus contributing to the overall virulence of X. bovienii against insects.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, heterologous expression, and mechanistic analysis of A-74528 biosynthesis Abstract: A-74528 is a recently discovered natural product of Streptomyces sp. SANK 61196 that inhibits 2',5'-oligoadenylate phosphodiesterase (2'-PDE), a key regulatory enzyme of the interferon pathway. Inhibition of 2'-PDE by A-74528 reduces viral replication, and therefore shows promise as a new type of antiviral drug. The complete A-74528 gene cluster, comprising 29 open reading frames, was cloned and sequenced, and shown to possess a type II polyketide synthase (PKS) at its core. Its identity was confirmed by analysis of a mutant generated by targeted disruption of a PKS gene, and by functional expression in a heterologous Streptomyces host. Remarkably, it showed exceptional end-to-end sequence identity to the gene cluster responsible for biosynthesis of fredericamycin A, a structurally unrelated antitumor antibiotic with a distinct mode of action. Whereas the fredericamycin producing strain, Streptomyces griseus, produced undetectable quantities of A-74528, the A-74528 gene cluster was capable of producing both antibiotics. The biosynthetic roles of three genes, including one that represents the only qualitative difference between the two gene clusters, were investigated by targeted gene disruption. The implications for the evolution of antibiotics with different biological activities from the same gene cluster are discussed.	1
Title: Expression, purification, and characterization of AknX anthrone oxygenase, which is involved in aklavinone biosynthesis in Streptomyces galilaeus Abstract: In streptomycete anthracycline biosynthetic gene clusters, small open reading frames are located just upstream of minimal polyketide synthase genes. aknX is such a gene found in the aklavinone-aclacinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces galilaeus. In order to identify its function, the aknX gene was expressed in Escherichia coli. The cell extract prepared from E. coli cells overexpressing AknX protein exhibited anthrone oxygenase activity, which converted emodinanthrone to anthraquinone emodin. This indicates that AknX and related gene products such as DnrG and SnoaB are involved in the formation of aklanonic acid from its anthrone precursor, as suggested by their homology with TcmH and ActVA6. The AknX protein fused with a His(6) tag was efficiently purified to homogeneity by Ni(2+) affinity and anion-exchange column chromatography. The native molecular mass of AknX was estimated to be 42 kDa by gel filtration. Thus, native AknX is considered to have a homotrimeric subunit structure. AknX, like TcmH and ActVA6, possesses no apparent prosthetic group for oxygen activation. Site-directed mutagenesis was carried out to identify the key amino acid residue(s) involved in the oxygenation reaction. Of seven AknX mutants expressed, the W67F mutant showed significantly reduced oxygenase activity, suggesting the important role of the W67 residue in the AknX reaction. A possible mechanism for the reaction via peroxy anion intermediate is proposed.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of Streptomyces galilaeus aclacinomycins polyketide synthase (PKS) cluster Abstract: We have cloned and sequenced polyketide synthase (PKS) genes from the aclacinomycin producer Streptomyces galilaeus ATCC 31,615. The sequenced 13.5-kb region contained 13 complete genes. Their organization as well as their protein sequences showed high similarity to those of other type II PKS genes. The continuous region included the genes for the minimal PKS, consisting of ketosynthase I (aknB), ketosynthase II (aknC), and acyl carrier protein (aknD). These were followed by the daunomycin dpsC and dpsD homologues (aknE2 and F, respectively), which are rare in type II PKS clusters. They are associated with the unusual starter unit, propionate, used in the biosynthesis of aklavinone, a common precursor of aclacinomycin and daunomycin. Accordingly, when aclacinomycins minimal PKS genes were substituted for those of nogalamycin in the plasmid carrying genes for auramycinone biosynthesis, aklavinone was produced in the heterologous hosts. In addition to the minimal PKS, the cloned region included the PKS genes for polyketide ketoreductase (aknA), aromatase (aknE1) and oxygenase (aknX), as well as genes putatively encoding an aklanonic acid methyl transferase (aknG) and an aklanonic acid methyl ester cyclase (aknH) for post-polyketide steps were found. Moreover, the region carried genes for an activator (aknI), a glycosyl transferase (aknK) and an epimerase (aknL) taking part in deoxysugar biosynthesis.	1
Title: A gene cluster from Streptomyces galilaeus involved in glycosylation of aclarubicin Abstract: We have cloned and characterized a gene cluster for anthracycline biosynthesis from Streptomyces galilaeus. This cluster, 15-kb long, includes eight genes involved in the deoxyhexose biosynthesis pathway, a gene for a glycosyltransferase and one for an activator, as well as two genes involved in aglycone biosynthesis. Gene disruption targeted to the activator gene blocked production of aclacinomycins in S. galilaeus. Plasmid pSgs4, containing genes for a glycosyltransferase (aknS), an aminomethylase (aknX), a glucose-1-phosphate thymidylyltransferase (akn Y) and two genes for unidentified glycosylation functions (aknT and aknV), restored the production of aclacinomycins in the S. galilaeus mutants H063, which accumulates aklavinone, and H054, which produces aklavinone with rhodinose and deoxyfucose residues. Furthermore, pSgs4 directed the production of L-rhamnosyl-epsilon-rhodomycinone and L-daunosaminyl-epsilon-rhodomycinone in S. peucetius strains that produce epsilon-rhodomycinone endogenously. Subcloning of the gene cluster was carried out in order to further define the genes that are responsible for complementation and hybrid anthracycline generation.	1
Title: The determinants of activity and specificity in actinorhodin type II polyketide ketoreductase Abstract: In the actinorhodin type II polyketide synthase, the first polyketide modification is a regiospecific C9-carbonyl reduction, catalyzed by the ketoreductase (actKR). Our previous studies identified the actKR 94-PGG-96 motif as a determinant of stereospecificity. The molecular basis for reduction regiospecificity is, however, not well understood. In this study, we examined the activities of 20 actKR mutants through a combination of kinetic studies, PKS reconstitution, and structural analyses. Residues have been identified that are necessary for substrate interaction, and these observations have suggested a structural model for this reaction. Polyketides dock at the KR surface and are steered into the enzyme pocket where C7-C12 cyclization is mediated by the KR before C9-ketoreduction can occur. These molecular features can potentially serve as engineering targets for the biosynthesis of novel, reduced polyketides.	1
Title: Biosynthetic conclusions from the functional dissection of oxygenases for biosynthesis of actinorhodin and related Streptomyces antibiotics Abstract: Actinorhodin (ACT) produced by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) belongs to the benzoisochromanequinone (BIQ) class of antibiotics. ActVA-ORF5, a flavin-dependent monooxygenase (FMO) essential for ACT biosynthesis, forms a two-component enzyme system in combination with a flavin:NADH oxidoreductase, ActVB. The genes for homologous two-component FMOs are found in the biosynthetic gene clusters for two other BIQs, granaticin (GRA) and medermycin (MED), and a closely related antibiotic, alnumycin (ALN). Our functional analysis of these FMOs (ActVA-ORF5, Gra-ORF21, Med-ORF7, and AlnT) in S. coelicolor unambiguously demonstrated that ActVA-ORF5 and Gra-ORF21 are bifunctional and capable of both p-quinone formation at C-6 in the central ring and C-8 hydroxylation in the lateral ring, whereas Med-ORF7 catalyzes only p-quinone formation. No p-quinone formation on a BIQ substrate was observed for AlnT, which is involved in lateral p-quinone formation in ALN.	1
Title: A two-step mechanism for the activation of actinorhodin export and resistance in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: Many microorganisms produce secondary metabolites that have antibiotic activity. To avoid self-inhibition, the producing cells often encode cognate export and/or resistance mechanisms in the biosynthetic gene clusters for these molecules. Actinorhodin is a blue-pigmented antibiotic produced by Streptomyces coelicolor. The actAB operon, carried in the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster, encodes two putative export pumps and is regulated by the transcriptional repressor protein ActR. In this work, we show that normal actinorhodin yields require actAB expression. Consistent with previous in vitro work, we show that both actinorhodin and its 3-ring biosynthetic intermediates [e.g., (S)-DNPA] can relieve repression of actAB by ActR in vivo. Importantly, an ActR mutant that interacts productively with (S)-DNPA but not with actinorhodin responds to the actinorhodin biosynthetic pathway with the induction of actAB and normal yields of actinorhodin. This suggests that the intermediates are sufficient to trigger the export genes in actinorhodin-producing cells. We further show that actinorhodin-producing cells can induce actAB expression in nonproducing cells; however, in this case actinorhodin is the most important signal. Finally, while the "intermediate-only" ActR mutant permits sufficient actAB expression for normal actinorhodin yields, this expression is short-lived. Sustained culture-wide expression requires a subsequent actinorhodin-mediated signaling step, and the defect in this response causes widespread cell death. These results are consistent with a two-step model for actinorhodin export and resistance where intermediates trigger initial expression for export from producing cells and actinorhodin then triggers sustained export gene expression that confers culture-wide resistance. IMPORTANCE Understanding the links between antibiotic resistance and biosynthesis is important for our efforts to manipulate secondary metabolism. For example, many secondary metabolites are produced at low levels; our work suggests that manipulating export might be one way to enhance yields of these molecules. It also suggests that understanding resistance will be relevant to the generation of novel secondary metabolites through the creation of synthetic secondary metabolic gene clusters. Finally, these cognate resistance mechanisms are related to mechanisms that arise in pathogenic bacteria, and understanding them is relevant to our ability to control microbial infections clinically.	1
Title: Identification of the actinorhodin monomer and its related compound from a deletion mutant of the actVA-ORF4 gene of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: An oxygenated derivative of dihydrokalafungin (DHK) was isolated from a deletion mutant of the actVA-ORF4 gene involved in the biosynthesis of a dimeric benzoisochromanequinone (BIQ) antibiotic, actinorhodin (ACT), in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). Spectroscopic analysis elucidated its structure as 8-hydroxy-DHK, corresponding to the monomeric unit of ACT. Further metabolite analysis identified its related compound, clearly derived from the reduction of 8-hydroxy-DHK. The structures of these metabolites indicate the essential role of ActVA-ORF4 in ACT biosynthesis, specifically in dimerization of a BIQ intermediate via C-C bond formation.	1
Title: Epoxyquinone formation catalyzed by a two-component flavin-dependent monooxygenase involved in biosynthesis of the antibiotic actinorhodin Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aromatic polyketide antibiotic actinorhodin (ACT) in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) carries a pair of genes, actVA-ORF5 and actVB, that encode a two-component flavin-dependent monooxygenase (FMO). Our previous studies have demonstrated that the ActVA-ORF5/ActVB system functions as a quinone-forming C-6 oxygenase in ACT biosynthesis. Furthermore, we found that this enzyme system exhibits an additional oxygenation activity with dihydrokalafungin (DHK), a proposed intermediate in the ACT biosynthetic pathway, and generates two reaction products. These compounds were revealed to be monooxygenated derivatives of kalafungin, which is spontaneously formed through oxidative lactonization of DHK. Their absolute structures were elucidated from their NMR spectroscopic data and by computer modeling and X-ray crystallography as (5S,14R)-epoxykalafungin and (5R,14S)-epoxykalafungin, demonstrating an additional epoxyquinone-forming activity of the ActVA-ORF5/ActVB system in vitro.	1
Title: Structural and biochemical analyses of regio- and stereospecificities observed in a type II polyketide ketoreductase Abstract: Type II polyketides include antibiotics such as tetracycline and chemotherapeutics such as daunorubicin. Type II polyketides are biosynthesized by the type II polyketide synthase (PKS) that consists of 5-10 stand-alone domains. In many type II PKSs, the type II ketoreductase (KR) specifically reduces the C9-carbonyl group. How the type II KR achieves such a high regiospecificity and the nature of stereospecificity are not well understood. Sequence alignment of KRs led to a hypothesis that a well-conserved 94-XGG-96 motif may be involved in controlling the stereochemistry. The stereospecificity of single-, double-, and triple-mutant combinations of P94L, G95D, and G96D were analyzed in vitro and in vivo for the actinorhodin KR (actKR). The P94L mutation is sufficient to change the stereospecificity of actKR. Binary and ternary crystal structures of both wild-type and P94L actKR were determined. Together with assay results, docking simulations, and cocrystal structures, a model for stereochemical control is presented herein that elucidates how type II polyketides are introduced into the substrate pocket such that the C9-carbonyl can be reduced with high regio- and stereospecificities. The molecular features of actKR important for regio- and stereospecificities can potentially be applied in biosynthesizing new polyketides via protein engineering that rationally controls polyketide keto reduction.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of aromatic polyketides in bacteria Abstract: Natural products, produced chiefly by microorganisms and plants, can be large and structurally complex molecules. These molecules are manufactured by cellular assembly lines, in which enzymes construct the molecules in a stepwise fashion. The means by which enzymes interact and work together in a modular fashion to create diverse structural features has been an active area of research; the work has provided insight into the fine details of biosynthesis. A number of polycyclic aromatic natural products--including several noteworthy anticancer, antibacterial, antifungal, antiviral, antiparasitic, and other medicinally significant substances--are synthesized by polyketide synthases (PKSs) in soil-borne bacteria called actinomycetes. Concerted biosynthetic, enzymological, and structural biological investigations into these modular enzyme systems have yielded interesting mechanistic insights. A core module called the minimal PKS is responsible for synthesizing a highly reactive, protein-bound poly-beta-ketothioester chain. In the absence of other enzymes, the minimal PKS also catalyzes chain initiation and release, yielding an assortment of polycyclic aromatic compounds. In the presence of an initiation PKS module, polyketide backbones bearing additional alkyl, alkenyl, or aryl primer units are synthesized, whereas a range of auxiliary PKS enzymes and tailoring enzymes convert the product of the minimal PKS into the final natural product. In this Account, we summarize the knowledge that has been gained regarding this family of PKSs through recent investigations into the biosynthetic pathways of two natural products, actinorhodin and R1128 (A-D). We also discuss the practical relevance of these fundamental insights for the engineered biosynthesis of new polycyclic aromatic compounds. With a deeper understanding of the biosynthetic process in hand, we can assert control at various stages of molecular construction and thus introduce unnatural functional groups in the process. The metabolic engineer affords a number of new avenues for creating novel molecular structures that will likely have properties akin to their fully natural cousins.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of actinorhodin and related antibiotics: discovery of alternative routes for quinone formation encoded in the act gene cluster Abstract: All known benzoisochromanequinone (BIQ) biosynthetic gene clusters carry a set of genes encoding a two-component monooxygenase homologous to the ActVA-ORF5/ActVB system for actinorhodin biosynthesis in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). Here, we conducted molecular genetic and biochemical studies of this enzyme system. Inactivation of actVA-ORF5 yielded a shunt product, actinoperylone (ACPL), apparently derived from 6-deoxy-dihydrokalafungin. Similarly, deletion of actVB resulted in accumulation of ACPL, indicating a critical role for the monooxygenase system in C-6 oxygenation, a biosynthetic step common to all BIQ biosyntheses. Furthermore, in vitro, we showed a quinone-forming activity of the ActVA-ORF5/ActVB system in addition to that of a known C-6 monooxygenase, ActVA-ORF6, by using emodinanthrone as a model substrate. Our results demonstrate that the act gene cluster encodes two alternative routes for quinone formation by C-6 oxygenation in BIQ biosynthesis.	1
Title: Ligand recognition by ActR, a TetR-like regulator of actinorhodin export Abstract: TetR-like transcriptional repressors interact with small-molecule ligands to control many facets of prokaryotic biology, including clinical antibiotic resistance. ActR is a TetR-like protein encoded in the biosynthetic gene cluster for the antibiotic actinorhodin and controls the expression of two actinorhodin exporters. We showed previously that actinorhodin and its precursor 4-dihydro-9-hydroxy-1-methyl-10-oxo-3-H-naphtho-[2,3-c]-pyran-3-(S)-acetic acid can bind ActR and prevent its interaction with DNA. Here, we compare ActR's interaction with naturally occurring and synthetic molecules to show that pathway intermediates bind to ActR 5- to 10-fold more tightly than actinorhodin itself, consistent with our suggestion that they are the biologically relevant triggers for actinorhodin export. We also find that the ligand-binding cavity of this protein can accommodate a surprisingly large diversity of ligands, many of which can release ActR from DNA in vitro and in vivo. These data suggest that the actR locus could be activated by, and perhaps adapted to confer resistance to other antibiotics.	1
Title: Localization of the ActIII actinorhodin polyketide ketoreductase to the cell wall Abstract: Structurally diverse polyketides provide a rich reservoir of bioactive molecules. Actinorhodin, a model aromatic polyketide, is synthesized by minimal type II polyketide synthase and tailoring enzymes. The ActIII actinorhodin ketoreductase is a key tailoring enzyme in actinorhodin biosynthesis. With purified antibodies against actinorhodin polyketide synthase alpha subunit (KSalpha) and ketoreductase, we conducted systematic localization experiments of the two proteins in Streptomyces coelicolor subproteomes. The results support the membrane location of KSalpha and cell-wall location of ketoreductase. Considering previous evidence that some other tailoring enzymes of actinorhodin biosynthesis may be located outside the cytoplasm, a picture is emerging of an extensive role for extracellular biochemistry in the synthesis of type II polyketide antibiotic.	1
Title: Mechanism and regulation of the Two-component FMN-dependent monooxygenase ActVA-ActVB from Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: The ActVA-ActVB system from Streptomyces coelicolor is a two-component flavin-dependent monooxygenase involved in the antibiotic actinorhodin biosynthesis. ActVB is a NADH:flavin oxidoreductase that provides a reduced FMN to ActVA, the monooxygenase that catalyzes the hydroxylation of dihydrokalafungin, the precursor of actinorhodin. In this work, using stopped-flow spectrophotometry, we investigated the mechanism of hydroxylation of dihydrokalafungin catalyzed by ActVA and that of the reduced FMN transfer from ActVB to ActVA. Our results show that the hydroxylation mechanism proceeds with the participation of two different reaction intermediates in ActVA active site. First, a C(4a)-FMN-hydroperoxide species is formed after binding of reduced FMN to the monooxygenase and reaction with O(2). This intermediate hydroxylates the substrate and is transformed to a second reaction intermediate, a C(4a)-FMN-hydroxy species. In addition, we demonstrate that reduced FMN can be transferred efficiently from the reductase to the monooxygenase without involving any protein.protein complexes. The rate of transfer of reduced FMN from ActVB to ActVA was found to be controlled by the release of NAD(+) from ActVB and was strongly affected by NAD(+) concentration, with an IC(50) of 40 microm. This control of reduced FMN transfer by NAD(+) was associated with the formation of a strong charge.transfer complex between NAD(+) and reduced FMN in the active site of ActVB. These results suggest that, in Streptomyces coelicolor, the reductase component ActVB can act as a regulatory component of the monooxygenase activity by controlling the transfer of reduced FMN to the monooxygenase.	1
Title: Actinorhodin biosynthesis: structural requirements for post-PKS tailoring intermediates revealed by functional analysis of ActVI-ORF1 reductase Abstract: Actinorhodin (ACT) produced by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) is an aromatic polyketide antibiotic, whose basic carbon skeleton is derived from type II polyketide synthase (PKS). Although an acyl carrier protein (ACP) serves as an anchor of nascent intermediates during chain elongation in the type II PKS complex, it generally remains unknown when an ACP-free intermediate is released from the complex to post-PKS modification ("tailoring") steps. In ACT biosynthesis, a stereospecific ketoreductase (RED1) encoded by actVI-ORF1 reduces the 3beta-keto group of a proposed bicyclic intermediate to an (S) secondary alcohol. The bicyclic intermediate is formed from the steps of PKS and its closely associated enzymes and lies at the interface toward ACT-tailoring steps. To clarify whether RED1 recognizes the ACP-bound bicyclic intermediate or the ACP-free bicyclic intermediate, recombinant RED1 was purified for enzymatic characterization. RED1 was heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli and purified using Ni-chelate and gel filtration column chromatographies to homogeneity in soluble form. Enzymatic studies in vitro on RED1 with synthetic analogues, in place of an unstable bicyclic intermediate, showed that RED1 recognizes 3-oxo-4-naphthylbutyric acid (ONBA) as a preferred substrate and not its N-acetylcysteamine thioester. This strongly suggests that RED1 recognizes ACP-free bicyclic beta-keto acid as the first committed intermediate of tailoring steps. Kinetic studies of RED1 showed high affinity with ONBA, consistent with the requirement for an efficient reduction of a labile beta-keto carboxylic acid. Interestingly, the methyl ester of ONBA acted as a competitive inhibitor of RED1, indicating the presence of strict substrate recognition toward the terminal acid functionality.	1
Title: Initiation of actinorhodin export in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: Many microorganisms produce molecules having antibiotic activity and expel them into the environment, presumably enhancing their ability to compete with their neighbours. Given that these molecules are often toxic to the producer, mechanisms must exist to ensure that the assembly of the export apparatus accompanies or precedes biosynthesis. Streptomyces coelicolor produces the polyketide antibiotic actinorhodin in a multistep pathway involving enzymes encoded by genes that are clustered together. Embedded within the cluster are genes for actinorhodin export, two of which, actR and actA resemble the classic tetR and tetA repressor/efflux pump-encoding gene pairs that confer resistance to tetracycline. Like TetR, which represses tetA, ActR is a repressor of actA. We have identified several molecules that can relieve repression by ActR. Importantly (S)-DNPA (an intermediate in the actinorhodin biosynthetic pathway) and kalafungin (a molecule related to the intermediate dihydrokalafungin), are especially potent ActR ligands. This suggests that along with the mature antibiotic(s), intermediates in the biosynthetic pathway might activate expression of the export genes thereby coupling export to biosynthesis. We suggest that this could be a common feature in the production of many bioactive natural products.	1
Title: Possible involvement of ActVI-ORFA in transcriptional regulation of actVI tailoring-step genes for actinorhodin biosynthesis Abstract: The actinorhodin biosynthetic gene (act) cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor carries a functionally unknown gene, actVI-ORFA. We have characterized an ActVI-ORFA disruptant by functional complementation and reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction analysis of the expression profiles of the act genes. Introduction of the functional actVI-ORFA gene into the disruptant restored actinorhodin production to an extent similar to that seen in the wild-type cells and abolished the accumulation of actinorhodin biosynthetic intermediates and shunt products specific for actVI mutants. Thus, unique phenotypes observed in the mutant are solely dependent on the function of actVI-ORFA. The disruptant was shown to yield significantly lower levels of the transcripts for certain act genes, especially for the actVI-ORF1-VA-ORF2 transcription unit, leading to the accumulation of the intermediates and shunt products. The functional actVI-ORFA gene restored expression of actVI-ORF1, which encodes a key reductase in the actinorhodin tailoring step, in the mutant cells, indicating a possible regulatory role of ActVI-ORFA.	1
Title: Self-malonylation is an intrinsic property of a chemically synthesized type II polyketide synthase acyl carrier protein Abstract: During polyketide biosynthesis, malonyl groups are transferred to the acyl carrier protein (ACP) component of the polyketide synthase (PKS), and it has been shown that a number of type II polyketide ACPs undergo rapid self-acylation from malonyl-CoA in the absence of a malonyl-CoA:holo-acyl carrier protein transacylase (MCAT). More recently, however, the observation of self-malonylation has been ascribed to contamination with Escherichia coli MCAT (FabD) rather than an intrinsic property of the ACP. The wild-type apo-ACP from the actinorhodin (act) PKS of Streptomyces coelicolor (synthetic apo-ACP) has therefore been synthesized using solid-state peptide methods and refolded using the GroEL/ES chaperone system from E. coli. Correct folding of the act ACP has been confirmed by circular dichroism (CD) and 1H NMR. Synthetic apo-ACP was phosphopantetheinylated to 100% by S. coelicolor holo-acyl carrier protein synthase (ACPS), and the resultant holo-ACP underwent self-malonylation in the presence of malonyl-CoA. No malonylation of negative controls was observed, confirming that the use of ACPS and GroEL/ES did not introduce contamination with E. coli MCAT. This result proves unequivocally that self-malonylation is an inherent activity of this PKS ACP in vitro.	1
Title: Transcriptional activation of the pathway-specific regulator of the actinorhodin biosynthetic genes in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: The Streptomyces produce a plethora of secondary metabolites including antibiotics and undergo a complex developmental cycle. As a means of establishing the pathways that regulate secondary metabolite production by this important bacterial genus, the model species Streptomyces coelicolor and its relatives have been the subject of several genetic screens. However, despite the identification and characterization of numerous genes that affect antibiotic production, there is still no overall understanding of the network that integrates the various environmental and growth signals to bring about changes in the expression of biosynthetic genes. To establish new links, we are taking a biochemical approach to identify transcription factors that regulate antibiotic production in S. coelicolor. Here we describe the identification and characterization of a transcription factor, designated AtrA, that regulates transcription of actII-ORF4, the pathway-specific activator of the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster in S. coelicolor. Disruption of the corresponding atrA gene, which is not associated with any antibiotic gene cluster, reduced the production of actinorhodin, but had no detectable effect on the production of undecylprodigiosin or the calcium-dependent antibiotic. These results indicate that atrA has specificity with regard to the biosynthetic genes it influences. An orthologue of atrA is present in the genome of Streptomyces avermitilis, the only other streptomycete for which there is a publicly available complete sequence. We also show that S. coelicolor AtrA can bind in vitro to the promoter of strR, a transcriptional activator unrelated to actII-ORF4 that is the final regulator of streptomycin production in Streptomyces griseus. These findings provide further evidence that the path leading to the expression of pathway-specific activators of antibiotic biosynthesis genes in disparate Streptomyces may share evolutionarily conserved components in at least some cases, even though the final activators are not related, and suggests that the regulation of streptomycin production, which serves an important paradigm, may be more complex than represented by current models.	1
Title: Remarkably different structures and reaction mechanisms of ketoreductases for the opposite stereochemical control in the biosynthesis of BIQ antibiotics Abstract: Two ketoreductases, RED1 and RED2, are involved in the biosynthesis of actinorhodin in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) and dihydrogranaticin in S. violaceoruber Tu22, respectively. They are responsible for the stereospecific reductions of the bicyclic intermediate to give (S)- or (R)-DNPA, although there is no similarity between their amino acid sequences. Biotransformation using synthetic analogous substrates revealed that the substrate specificities are quite different. Homology modelling studies and site directed mutagenesis showed remarkable differences in three-dimensional structures and catalytic mechanisms between RED1 and RED2.	1
Title: An antibiotic factory caught in action Abstract: The synthesis of aromatic polyketides, such as actinorhodin, tetracycline and doxorubicin, begins with the formation of a polyketide chain. In type II polyketide synthases (PKSs), chains are polymerized by the heterodimeric ketosynthase-chain length factor (KS-CLF). Here we present the 2.0-A structure of the actinorhodin KS-CLF, which shows polyketides being elongated inside an amphipathic tunnel approximately 17 A in length at the heterodimer interface. The structure resolves many of the questions about the roles of KS and CLF. Although CLF regulates chain length, it does not have an active site; KS must catalyze both chain initiation and elongation. We provide evidence that the first cyclization of the polyketide occurs within the KS-CLF tunnel. The mechanistic details of this central PKS polymerase could guide biosynthetic chemists in designing new pharmaceuticals and polymers.	1
Title: Primary and secondary metabolism, and post-translational protein modifications, as portrayed by proteomic analysis of Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: The newly sequenced genome of Streptomyces coelicolor is estimated to encode 7825 theoretical proteins. We have mapped approximately 10% of the theoretical proteome experimentally using two-dimensional gel electrophoresis and matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization time-of-flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometry. Products from 770 different genes were identified, and the types of proteins represented are discussed in terms of their annotated functional classes. An average of 1.2 proteins per gene was observed, indicating extensive post-translational regulation. Examples of modification by N-acetylation, adenylylation and proteolytic processing were characterized using mass spectrometry. Proteins from both primary and certain secondary metabolic pathways are strongly represented on the map, and a number of these enzymes were identified at more than one two-dimensional gel location. Post-translational modification mechanisms may therefore play a significant role in the regulation of these pathways. Unexpectedly, one of the enzymes for synthesis of the actinorhodin polyketide antibiotic appears to be located outside the cytoplasmic compartment, within the cell wall matrix. Of 20 gene clusters encoding enzymes characteristic of secondary metabolism, eight are represented on the proteome map, including three that specify the production of novel metabolites. This information will be valuable in the characterization of the new metabolites.	1
Title: Chemical characterisation of disruptants of the Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) actVI genes involved in actinorhodin biosynthesis Abstract: The actVI genetic region of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) is part of the biosynthetic gene cluster of actinorhodin (ACT), the act cluster, consisting of six ORFs: ORFB, ORFA, ORF1, ORF2, ORF3, ORF4. A newly devised method of ACT detection with a combination of HPLC and LC/MS was applied to the analysis of the disruptants of each ORF. ACT was produced by those of ORFB, ORFA, ORF3, and ORF4. Instead of ACT, the ORF1 disruptant produced 3,8-dihydroxy-1-methylanthraquinone-2-carboxylic acid (DMAC) and aloesaponarin II as shunt products. The ORF2 disruptant gave 4-dihydro-9-hydroxy-1-methyl-10-oxo-3-H-naphtho-[2,3-c]-pyran-3-(S)-acet ic acid, (S)-DNPA. These results support our previous proposal for stereospecific pyran ring formation in the biosynthesis of ACT, most importantly suggesting that the actVI-ORF2 product would recognize (S)-DNPA as a substrate for stereospecific reduction at C-15. The disruptant of ORFA produced (S)-DNPA together with ACT, suggesting that actVI-ORFA might play a role such as stabilising the multicomponent, type II PKS complex.	1
Title: Mechanistic analysis of a type II polyketide synthase. Role of conserved residues in the beta-ketoacyl synthase-chain length factor heterodimer Abstract: Type II polyketide synthases (PKSs) are a family of multienzyme systems that catalyze the biosynthesis of polyfunctional aromatic natural products such as actinorhodin, frenolicin, tetracenomycin, and doxorubicin. A central component in each of these systems is the beta-ketoacyl synthase-chain length factor (KS-CLF) heterodimer. In the presence of an acyl carrier protein (ACP) and a malonyl-CoA:ACP malonyl transferase (MAT), this enzyme synthesizes a polyketide chain of defined length from malonyl-CoA. We have investigated the role of the actinorhodin KS-CLF in priming, elongation, and termination of its octaketide product by subjecting the wild-type enzyme and selected mutants to assays that probe key steps in the overall catalytic cycle. Under conditions reflecting steady-state turnover of the PKS, a unique acyl-ACP intermediate is detected that carries a long, possibly full-length, acyl chain. This species cannot be synthesized by the C169S, H309A, K341A, and H346A mutants of the KS, all of which are blocked in early steps in the PKS catalytic cycle. These four residues are universally conserved in all known KSs. Malonyl-ACP alone is sufficient for kinetically and stoichiometrically efficient synthesis of polyketides by the wild-type KS-CLF, but not by heterodimers that carry the mutations listed above. Among these mutants, C169S is an efficient decarboxylase of malonyl-ACP, but the H309A, K341A, and H346A mutants are unable to catalyze decarboxylation. Transfer of label from [(14)C]malonyl-ACP to the nucleophile at position 169 in the KS can be detected for the wild-type enzyme and for the C169S and K341A mutants, but not for the H309A mutant and only very weakly for the H346A mutant. A model is proposed for decarboxylative priming and extension of a polyketide chain by the KS, where C169 and H346 form a catalytic dyad for acyl chain attachment, H309 positions the malonyl-ACP in the active site and supports carbanion formation by interacting with the thioester carbonyl, and K341 enhances the rate of malonyl-ACP decarboxylation via electrostatic interaction. Our data also suggest that the ACP and the KS dissociate after each C-C bond forming event, and that the newly extended acyl chain is transferred back from the ACP pantetheine to the KS cysteine before dissociation can occur. Chain termination is most likely the rate-limiting step in polyketide biosynthesis. Within the act CLF, neither the universally conserved S145 residue nor Q171, which aligns with the active site cysteine of the ketosynthase, is essential for PKS activity. The results described here provide a basis for a better understanding of the catalytic cycle of type II PKSs and fatty acid synthases.	1
Title: A chain initiation factor common to both modular and aromatic polyketide synthases Abstract: Antibiotic-producing polyketide synthases (PKSs) are enzymes responsible for the biosynthesis in Streptomyces and related filamentous bacteria of a remarkably broad range of bioactive metabolites, including antitumour aromatic compounds such as mithramycin and macrolide antibiotics such as erythromycin. The molecular basis for the selection of the starter unit on aromatic PKSs is unknown. Here we show that a component of aromatic PKS, previously named 'chain-length factor', is a factor required for polyketide chain initiation and that this factor has decarboxylase activity towards malonyl-ACP (acyl carrier protein). We have re-examined the mechanism of initiation on modular PKSs and have identified as a specific initiation factor a domain of previously unknown function named KSQ, which operates like chain-length factor. Both KSQ and chain-length factor are similar to the ketosynthase domains that catalyse polyketide chain extension in modular multifunctional PKSs and in aromatic PKSs, respectively, except that the ketosynthase domain active-site cysteine residue is replaced by a highly conserved glutamine in KSQ and in chain-length factor. The glutamine residue is important both for decarboxylase activity and for polyketide synthesis.	1
Title: Proof that the ACTVI genetic region of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) is involved in stereospecific pyran ring formation in the biosynthesis of actinorhodin Abstract: Pyran ring formation in the biosynthesis of actinorhodin in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) was studied using the act cluster deficient strain, CH999, carrying pRM5-based plasmids harbouring combinations of the actVI genes. The strain, CH999/pIJ5660 (pRM5 + actVI-ORF1), produced a chiral intermediate, (S)-DNPA, suggesting that the actVI-ORF1 product is a reductase determining the C-3 stereochemical centre.	1
Title: Identification of a monooxygenase from Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) involved in biosynthesis of actinorhodin: purification and characterization of the recombinant enzyme Abstract: The oxidation of phenols to quinones is an important reaction in the oxidative tailoring of many aromatic polyketides from bacterial and fungal systems. Sequence similarity between ActVA-Orf6 protein from the actinorhodin biosynthetic cluster and the previously characterized TcmH protein that is involved in tetracenomycin biosynthesis suggested that ActVA-Orf6 might catalyze this transformation as a step in actinorhodin biosynthesis. To investigate the role of ActVA-Orf6 in this oxidation, we have expressed the actVA-Orf6 gene in Escherichia coli and purified and characterized the recombinant protein. ActVA-Orf6 was shown to catalyze the monooxygenation of the tetracenomycin intermediate TcmF1 to TcmD3, strongly suggesting that it catalyzes oxidation of a similar intermediate in actinorhodin biosynthesis. The monooxygenase obeys simple reaction kinetics and has a Km of 4.8 +/- 0.9 microM, close to the figure reported for the homologous enzyme TcmH. The enzyme contains no prosthetic groups and requires only molecular oxygen to catalyze the oxidation. Site-directed mutagenesis was used to investigate the role of histidine residues thought to be important in the reaction; mutants lacking His-52 displayed much-reduced activity, consistent with the proposed mechanistic hypothesis that this histidine acts as a general base during catalysis.	1
Title: Production of actinorhodin-related "blue pigments" by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: The genetically well-known strain Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) produces the pH indicator (red/blue) antibiotic actinorhodin, but not all the "blue pigment" produced by this strain is actinorhodin. When the organism was subjected to various nutrient limitations (ammonium, nitrate, phosphate, or trace elements), and also during growth cessation caused by a relatively low medium pH, blue pigment production was initiated but the pigment and its location varied. At pH 4.5 to 5.5, significant formation of actinorhodin occurred and was located exclusively intracellularly. At pH 6.0 to 7.5 a different blue pigment was produced intracellularly as well as extracellularly. It was purified and identified as gamma-actinorhodin (the lactone form of actinorhodin). Analysis of act mutants of S. coelicolor A3(2) confirmed that both pigments are derived from the act biosynthetic pathway. Mutants with lesions in actII-ORF2, actII-ORF3, or actVA-ORF1, previously implicated or suggested to be involved in actinorhodin export, were impaired in production of gamma-actinorhodin, suggesting that synthesis of gamma-actinorhodin from actinorhodin is coupled to its export from the cell. However, effects on the level of actinorhodin production were also found in some mutants.	1
Title: Identification of a flavin:NADH oxidoreductase involved in the biosynthesis of actinorhodin. Purification and characterization of the recombinant enzyme Abstract: The biosynthesis of the polyketide antibiotic actinorhodin by Streptomyces coelicolor involves the oxidative dimerization and hydroxylation of a precursor, most likely dihydrokalafungin, as the final steps in its formation. Mutations in the actVB gene block these last steps, and the mutants secrete kalafungin as a shunt product. To investigate the role of the actVB gene in these transformation, we have overexpressed the gene in Escherichia coli and purified and characterized the recombinant protein. ActVB was shown to catalyze the reduction of FMN by NADH to give NAD and FMNH2, which, unusually, is released into solution. The protein contains no chromogenic cofactors and exhibits no requirements for added metal ions. The reaction obeys simple kinetics and proceeds through the formation of a ternary complex; Km values for FMN and NADH are 1.5 and 7.3 microM, respectively, and kcat is about 5 s-1. FAD and riboflavin are also substrates for the enzyme, although they have much higher Km values. The subunit structure of the enzyme was investigated by analytical ultracentrifugation, which showed the protein to exist in rapid equilibrium between monomer and dimer forms. The possible role of this oxidoreductase in the oxidative chemistry of actinorhodin biosynthesis is discussed.	1
Title: DNA sequence and functions of the actVI region of the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Six open reading frames (ORFs) were identified by DNA sequencing of 5.7 kilobase pairs at the left end of the act cluster (the so-called "actVI region"), in the order: ORFB, ORFA, ORF1, ORF2, ORF3, ORF4. ORF1-4 are transcribed rightward and in the same direction as the ORFs of the actVA region which lies to the right of the actVI region, whereas ORFA and ORFB run in the opposite direction. By complementation of mutants and gene disruption of the wild type strain, the two previously genetically characterized actVI mutations were assigned to ORF1. Although disruption of ORFB and ORF4, using phi C31 derivatives, did not cause any obvious change in actinorhodin production, defects in actinorhodin synthesis were obtained by insertional inactivation of ORFA, ORF1, ORF2, or ORF3. RNA analysis within the ORF1/ORFA intergenic region showed overlapping divergent promoters, at least one of which is under the control of the actII-ORF4 gene product, the transcriptional activator of the act cluster. Data base searches with the deduced products of ORFB and ORF3 failed to show any significant similarities with other known proteins. The deduced product of ORFA strongly resembles those of genes of unknown function from Saccharopolyspora hirsuta and Streptomyces roseofulvus, located within polyketide synthase clusters. The ORF1 product strongly resembles beta-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenases of bacteria and mammals and the ORF2 and ORF4 products resemble each other and enoyl reductases from bacteria, animals, and plants, with a highly conserved cofactor-binding domain. These findings strongly suggest that the actVI region is involved in catalyzing reduction processes that determine the two stereochemical configurations at C-3/C-15 during actinorhodin biosynthesis. A scheme is proposed for the middle steps of the biosynthesis, that is formation of the pyran ring, leading to the benzoisochromanequinone structure.	1
Title: Stationary-phase production of the antibiotic actinorhodin in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) is transcriptionally regulated Abstract: Production of actinorhodin, a polyketide antibiotic made by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), normally occurs only in stationary-phase cultures. S1 nuclease protection experiments showed that transcription of actII-ORF4, the activator gene required for expression of the biosynthetic structural genes, increased dramatically during the transition from exponential to stationary phase. The increase in actII-ORF4 expression was followed by transcription of the biosynthetic structural genes actIII and actVI-ORF1, and by the production of actinorhodin. The presence of actII-ORF4 on a multicopy plasmid resulted in enhanced levels of actII-ORF4 mRNA, and transcription of actIII and actinorhodin production during exponential growth, suggesting that actinorhodin synthesis in rapidly growing cultures is normally limited only by the availability of enough of the activator protein. bldA, which encodes a tRNA(Leu)UUA that is required for the efficient translation of a single UUA codon in the actII-ORF4 mRNA, was transcribed throughout growth. Moreover, translational fusions of the 5' end of actII-ORF4 that included the UUA codon to the ermE reporter gene demonstrated the presence of functional bldA tRNA in young, exponentially growing cultures and no increase in the efficiency of translation of UUA codons, relative to UUG codons, was observed during growth. The normal growth-phase-dependent production of actinorhodin in the liquid culture conditions used in these experiments appears to be mediated at the transcriptional level through activation of the actII-ORF4 promoter.	1
Title: Nucleotide sequence and deduced functions of a set of cotranscribed genes of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) including the polyketide synthase for the antibiotic actinorhodin Abstract: A 5.3-kb region of the Streptomyces coelicolor actinorhodin gene cluster, including the genes for polyketide biosynthesis, was sequenced. Six identified open reading frames (ORF1-6) were related to genetically characterized mutations of classes actI, VII, IV, and VB by complementation analysis. ORF1-6 run divergently from the adjacent actIII gene, which encodes the polyketide synthase (PKS) ketoreductase, and appear to form an operon. The deduced gene products of ORF1-3 are similar to fatty acid synthases (FAS) of different organisms and PKS genes from other polyketide producers. The predicted ORF5 gene product is similar to type II beta-lactamases of Bacillus cereus and Bacteroides fragilis. The ORF6 product does not resemble other known proteins. Combining the genetical, biochemical, and similarity data, the potential activities of the products of the six genes can be postulated as: 1) condensing enzyme/acyl transferase (ORF1 + ORF2); 2) acyl carrier protein (ORF3); 3) putative cyclase/dehydrase (ORF4); 4) dehydrase (ORF5); and 5) "dimerase" (ORF6). The data show that the actinorhodin PKS consists of discrete monofunctional components, like that of the Escherichia coli (Type II) FAS, rather than the multifunctional polypeptides for the macrolide PKSs and vertebrate FASs (Type I).	1
Title: Organisation and functions of the actVA region of the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: Sequence analysis of the actVA region of the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces coelicolor revealed a succession of six open reading frames (ORFs), all running in the same direction and extending over 5.32 kb. The protein product of actVA-ORF1 strongly resembles that of another gene, elsewhere in the act cluster (actII-ORF2), which codes for a trans-membrane protein previously implicated in actinorhodin export from the mycelium. This suggests that the two gene products may co-operate in actinorhodin export, perhaps being sufficient for self-protection of the organism against suicide. At least four of the other five ORFs are implicated in the control of the C-6 and C-8 ring-hydroxylation reactions, lacking in actVA mutants, that occur at middle to late stages in the actinorhodin biosynthetic pathway. This conclusion was reached by genetic mapping of actVA mutants to actVA-ORF3 and -ORF5 (and perhaps -ORF4), and by the finding of strong resemblances between the protein products of actVA-ORF2 and -ORF6 and the products of genes of the oxytetracycline or tetracenomycin gene clusters that have been implicated in ring-hydroxylation reactions in the biosynthesis of these other aromatic polyketide antibiotics.	1
Title: Transcriptional organization and regulation of an antibiotic export complex in the producing Streptomyces culture Abstract: Three open reading frames (ORFs) in the actII region of the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), which are involved in the export of the antibiotic are carried on two divergent transcripts. A monocistronic transcript carries actII-ORF1, encoding a putative repressor protein, and a bicistronic transcript codes for actII-ORF2 and -ORF3, whose products have been postulated to form an antibiotic export complex. The actII-ORF1 and actII-ORF2/3 transcripts each have a single promoter and the promoters for the two transcripts overlap. Both promoters are most active in cultures that have developed to the stage of actinorhodin production. The promoters resemble consensus promoters of the vegetative class in Escherichia coli and Streptomyces. We also demonstrate that these promoters are expressed in E. coli and use this finding to reveal a regulatory role for the repressor, using the xylE reporter gene on promoter-probe shuttle vectors and regulated expression of the actII-ORF1 gene under control of Plac. The actII-ORF2/3 promoter is strongly repressed by the ORF1 product and the ORF1 product also represses its own promoter. The finding that the operator/promoter arrangement, and regulatory interconnection, of an antibiotic export/repressor gene pair in Streptomyces strikingly resemble those for tetracycline resistance in bacteria of clinical importance supports the hypothesis of an evolutionary origin of such genes in an ancestral actinomycete.	1
Title: The act cluster contains regulatory and antibiotic export genes, direct targets for translational control by the bldA tRNA gene of Streptomyces Abstract: The actII region, flanked by biosynthetic genes in the 25 kb act cluster of S. coelicolor, consists of four open reading frames, including a transcriptional activator for the biosynthetic genes, and genes controlling antibiotic export. A TTA codon (extremely rare in Streptomyces) is present both in actII-ORF2 (encoding a putative transmembrane export protein) and actII-ORF4 (the transcriptional activator gene). Change of the TTA in ORF4 to TTG reverses the normal interruption of actinorhodin synthesis caused by mutation in the pleiotropic regulatory gene bldA (which encodes the cell's tRNA(Leu)(UUA)). We conclude that initiation of actinorhodin synthesis via the actII-ORF4 product, and the final step in production, antibiotic export, are twin targets via which bldA exerts developmental control of actinorhodin production.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of anthraquinones by interspecies cloning of actinorhodin biosynthesis genes in streptomycetes: clarification of actinorhodin gene functions Abstract: Streptomyces galilaeus ATCC 31133 and ATCC 31671, producers of the anthracyclines aclacinomycin A and 2-hydroxyaklavinone, respectively, formed an anthraquinone, aloesaponarin II, when they were transformed with DNA from Streptomyces coelicolor containing four genetic loci, actI, actIII, actIV, and actVII, encoding early reactions in the actinorhodin biosynthesis pathway. Subcloning experiments indicated that a 2.8-kilobase-pair XhoI fragment containing only the actI and actVII loci was necessary for aloesaponarin II biosynthesis by S. galilaeus ATCC 31133. Aloesaponarin II was synthesized via the condensation of 8 acetyl coenzyme A equivalents, followed by a decarboxylation reaction as demonstrated by [1,2-13C2]acetate feeding experiments. S. coelicolor B22 and B159, actVI blocked mutants, also formed aloesaponarin II as an apparent shunt product. Mutants of S. coelicolor blocked in several other steps in actinorhodin biosynthesis did not synthesize aloesaponarin II or other detectable anthraquinones. When S. galilaeus ATCC 31671 was transformed with the DNA carrying the actI, actIII, and actVII loci, the recombinant strain produced both aloesaponarin II and aklavinone, suggesting that the actinorhodin biosynthesis DNA encoded a function able to deoxygenate 2-hydroxyaklavinone to aklavinone. When S. galilaeus ATCC 31671 was transformed with a plasmid carrying only the intact actIII gene (pANT45), aklavinone was formed exclusively. These experiments indicate a function for the actIII gene, which is the reduction of the keto group at C-9 from the carboxy terminus of the assembled polyketide to the corresponding secondary alcohol. In the presence of the actIII gene, anthraquinones or anthracyclines formed as a result of dehydration and aromatization lack an oxygen function on the carbon on which the keto reductase operated. When S. galilaeus ATCC 31671 was transformed with the DNA carrying the actI, actVII, and actIV loci, the recombinant strain produced two novel anthraquinones, desoxyerythrolaccin, the 3-hydroxy analog of aloesaponarin II, and 1-O-methyldesoxyerythrolaccin. The results obtained in these experiments together with earlier data suggest a pathway for the biosynthesis of actinorhodin and related compounds by S. coelicolor.	1
Title: Nucleotide sequence, transcription and deduced function of a gene involved in polyketide antibiotic synthesis in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: The BamHI fragment containing the actIII gene, from the actinorhodin (Act) biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), was sequenced. The derived amino acid sequence for the actIII gene shows homology to known oxidoreductases and the actIII product is believed to be responsible for catalysing a beta-keto reductive step during assembly of the Act polyketide chain. High resolution transcript mapping identified the transcription start point at 33 nucleotides upstream of the putative translation start codon. The transcript ends in a large invertedly repeated sequence. In vivo promoter-probe studies suggest that efficient transcription of the actIII gene requires the product of the actII gene.	1
Title: Characterization of the alnumycin gene cluster reveals unusual gene products for pyran ring formation and dioxan biosynthesis Abstract: Alnumycin is closely related to the benzoisochromanequinone (BIQ) polyketides such as actinorhodin. Exceptional structural features include differences in aglycone tailoring that result in the unique alnumycin chromophore and the existence of an unusual 4-hydroxymethyl-5-hydroxy-1,3-dioxan moiety. Cloning and sequencing of the alnumycin gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. CM020 revealed expected biosynthesis genes for polyketide assembly, but several genes encoding subsequent tailoring enzymes were highly atypical. Heterologous expression studies confirmed that all of the genes required for alnumycin biosynthesis resided within the sequenced clone. Inactivation of genes aln4 and aln5 showed that the mechanism of pyran ring formation differs from actinorhodin and granaticin pathways. Further inactivation studies identified two genes, alnA and alnB, involved in the synthesis and attachment of the dioxan moiety, and resulted in the production of the polyketide prealnumycin.	1
Title: Characterization of the two-component monooxygenase system AlnT/AlnH reveals early timing of quinone formation in alnumycin biosynthesis Abstract: Alnumycin A is an aromatic polyketide with a strong resemblance to related benzoisochromanequinone (BIQ) antibiotics, such as the model antibiotic actinorhodin. One intriguing difference between these metabolites is that the positions of the benzene and quinone rings are reversed in alnumycin A in comparison to the BIQ polyketides. In this paper we demonstrate that inactivation of either the monooxygenase alnT gene or the flavin reductase alnH gene results in the accumulation of a novel nonquinoid metabolite, thalnumycin A (ThA), in the culture medium. Additionally, two other previously characterized metabolites, K1115 A and 1,6-dihydroxy-8-propylanthraquinone (DHPA), were identified, which had oxidized into quinones putatively nonenzymatically at the incorrect position in the central ring. None of the compounds isolated contained correctly formed pyran rings, which suggests that on the alnumycin pathway quinone biosynthesis occurs prior to third ring cyclization. The regiochemistry of the two-component monooxygenase system AlnT/AlnH was finally confirmed in vitro by using ThA, FMN, and NADH in enzymatic synthesis, where the reaction product, thalnumycin B (ThB), was verified to contain the expected p-hydroquinone structure in the lateral ring.	1
Title: Biosynthetic pathway toward carbohydrate-like moieties of alnumycins contains unusual steps for C-C bond formation and cleavage Abstract: Carbohydrate moieties are important components of natural products, which are often imperative for the solubility and biological activity of the compounds. The aromatic polyketide alnumycin A contains an extraordinary sugar-like 4'-hydroxy-5'-hydroxymethyl-2',7'-dioxane moiety attached via a carbon-carbon bond to the aglycone. Here we have extensively investigated the biosynthesis of the dioxane unit through (13)C labeling studies, gene inactivation experiments and enzymatic synthesis. We show that AlnA and AlnB, members of the pseudouridine glycosidase and haloacid dehalogenase enzyme families, respectively, catalyze C-ribosylation conceivably through Michael-type addition of d-ribose-5-phosphate and dephosphorylation. The ribose moiety may be attached both in furanose (alnumycin C) and pyranose (alnumycin D) forms. The C(1')-C(2') bond of alnumycin C is subsequently cleaved and the ribose unit is rearranged into an unprecedented dioxolane (cis-bicyclo[3.3.0]-2',4',6'-trioxaoctan-3'β-ol) structure present in alnumycin B. The reaction is catalyzed by Aln6, which belongs to a previously uncharacterized enzyme family. The conversion was accompanied with consumption of O(2) and formation of H(2)O(2), which allowed us to propose that the reaction may proceed via hydroxylation of C1' followed by retro-aldol cleavage and acetal formation. Interestingly, no cofactors could be detected and the reaction was also conducted in the presence of metal chelating agents. The last step is the conversion of alnumycin B into the final end-product alnumycin A catalyzed by Aln4, an NADPH-dependent aldo-keto reductase. This characterization of the dioxane biosynthetic pathway sets the basis for the utilization of C-C bound ribose, dioxolane and dioxane moieties in the generation of improved biologically active compounds.	1
Title: Structural basis for C-ribosylation in the alnumycin A biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Alnumycin A is an exceptional aromatic polyketide that contains a carbohydrate-like 4'-hydroxy-5'-hydroxymethyl-2',7'-dioxane moiety attached to the aglycone via a carbon-carbon bond. Recently, we have identified the D-ribose-5-phosphate origin of the dioxane unit and demonstrated that AlnA and AlnB are responsible for the overall C-ribosylation reaction. Here, we provide direct evidence that AlnA is a natural C-glycosynthase, which catalyzes the attachment of D-ribose-5-phosphate to prealnumycin by formation of the C(8)-C(1') bond as demonstrated by the structure of the intermediate alnumycin P. This compound is subsequently dephosphorylated by AlnB, an enzyme of the haloacid dehalogenase superfamily. Structure determination of the native trimeric AlnA to 2.1-Å resolution revealed a highly globular fold encompassing an α/β/α sandwich. The crystal structure of the complex with D-ribose-5-phosphate indicated that the phosphosugar is bound in the open-chain configuration. Identification of residues E29, K86, and K159 near the C-1 carbonyl of the ligand led us to propose that the carbon-carbon bond formation proceeds through a Michael-type addition. Determination of the crystal structure of the monomeric AlnB in the open conformation to 1.25-Å resolution showed that the protein consists of core and cap domains. Modeling of alnumycin P inside the cap domain positioned the phosphate group next to a Mg(2+) ion present at the junction of the domains. Mutagenesis data were consistent with the canonical reaction mechanism for this enzyme family revealing the importance of residues D15 and D17 for catalysis. The characterization of the prealnumycin C-ribosylation illustrates an alternative means for attachment of carbohydrates to natural products.	1
Title: A type II polyketide synthase is responsible for anthraquinone biosynthesis in Photorhabdus luminescens Abstract: Type II polyketide synthases are involved in the biosynthesis of numerous clinically relevant secondary metabolites with potent antibiotic or anticancer activity. Until recently the only known producers of type II PKSs were members of the Gram-positive actimomycetes, well-known producers of secondary metabolites in general. Here we present the second example of a type II PKS from Gram-negative bacteria. We have identified the biosynthesis gene cluster responsible for the production of anthraquinones (AQs) from the entomopathogenic bacterium Photorhabdus luminescens. This is the first example of AQ production in Gram-negative bacteria, and their heptaketide origin was confirmed by feeding experiments. Deletion of a cyclase/aromatase involved in AQ biosynthesis resulted in accumulation of mutactin and dehydromutactin, which have been described as shunt products of typical octaketide compounds from streptomycetes, and a pathway for AQ formation from octaketide intermediates is discussed.	1
Title: Synthesis and collagenase inhibition of new glycosides of aranciamycinone: the aglycon of the naturally occurring antibiotic aranciamycin Abstract: Glycosides of aranciamycinone were prepared by glycosylation with sugar acetates and trimethylsilyl triflate in dichloromethane. Glycosides of the following sugars were prepared: alpha-L-rhamnopyranose, beta-D-glucopyranose, beta-D-ribopyranose, beta-D-xylopyranose, alpha-L-fucopyranose, 2-azido-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranose, 2,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-arabino-hexopyranose, 3,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-arabino-hexopyranose, and 4,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranose. The new glycosides were tested for inhibition of Clostridium histolyticum collagenase and Yoshida Sarcoma tumor cells.	1
Title: Inhibition of collagenase by aranciamycin and aranciamycin derivatives Abstract: Aranciamycin (1), an anthracycline antibiotic, was found to be an inhibitor of Clostridium histolyticum collagenase, with an IC50 = 3.7 x 10(-7) M. Elastase and trypsin were not inhibited at concentrations less than or equal to 10(-5) M. A number of aranciamycin derivatives 2-13 were prepared and tested for collagenase inhibition. While loss of activity was found for derivatives modified in the sugar ring or rings B and D of the aglycone, increased potency was found when the tertiary alcohol at C-9 was esterified. All compounds 1-13 were found to inhibit DNA synthesis of Yoshida sarcoma tumor cells.	1
Title: Cloning, purification and characterization of a functional anthracycline glycosyltransferase Abstract: We have cloned the gene that encodes a novel glucosyl transferase (AraGT) involved in rhamnosylation of the polyketide antibiotic Aranciamycin in Streptomyces echinatus. AraGT comprises two domains characteristic of bacterial glycosyltranferases. AraGT was synthesized in E. coli as a decahistidinyl-tagged polypeptide. Purified AraGT is dimeric, displays a T(mapp) of 30 degrees C and can glycosylate the aglycone of an Aranciamycin derivative as shown by liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry. The availability of functional AraGT will allow the generation Aranciamycin-based combinatorial libraries.	1
Title: Aranciamycin analogs generated by combinatorial biosynthesis show improved antitumor activity Abstract: Expression of the aranciamycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces diastatochromogenes Tü6028 resulted in production of four novel compounds, aranciamycins E, F, G, and H with different decorations in the tetracyclic backbone. Two derivatives contain a D-amicetose moiety at C7 (aranciamycins F and G), two are hydroxylated at position C1 (aranciamycins E and G), and one is hydroxylated at C13 (aranciamycin F). Analysis of the biological activities of the aranciamycins against two human tumor cell lines--MCF-7 and MATU--shows surprising impact of the hydroxyl group at position C1 on activity. As aranciamycins E and G were the most active derivatives, hydroxylation of the C1 appears to coincide with increased antitumor activity of aranciamycins.	1
Title: Glycogenomics as a mass spectrometry-guided genome-mining method for microbial glycosylated molecules Abstract: Glycosyl groups are an essential mediator of molecular interactions in cells and on cellular surfaces. There are very few methods that directly relate sugar-containing molecules to their biosynthetic machineries. Here, we introduce glycogenomics as an experiment-guided genome-mining approach for fast characterization of glycosylated natural products (GNPs) and their biosynthetic pathways from genome-sequenced microbes by targeting glycosyl groups in microbial metabolomes. Microbial GNPs consist of aglycone and glycosyl structure groups in which the sugar unit(s) are often critical for the GNP's bioactivity, e.g., by promoting binding to a target biomolecule. GNPs are a structurally diverse class of molecules with important pharmaceutical and agrochemical applications. Herein, O- and N-glycosyl groups are characterized in their sugar monomers by tandem mass spectrometry (MS) and matched to corresponding glycosylation genes in secondary metabolic pathways by a MS-glycogenetic code. The associated aglycone biosynthetic genes of the GNP genotype then classify the natural product to further guide structure elucidation. We highlight the glycogenomic strategy by the characterization of several bioactive glycosylated molecules and their gene clusters, including the anticancer agent cinerubin B from Streptomyces sp. SPB74 and an antibiotic, arenimycin B, from Salinispora arenicola CNB-527.	1
Title: Arixanthomycins A-C: Phylogeny-guided discovery of biologically active eDNA-derived pentangular polyphenols Abstract: Soil microbiomes are a rich source of uncharacterized natural product biosynthetic gene clusters. Here we use short conserved biosynthetic gene sequences (natural product sequence tags) amplified from soil microbiomes as phylogenetic markers to correlate genotype to chemotype and target the discovery of novel bioactive pentangular polyphenols from the environment. The heterologous expression of an environmental DNA-derived gene cluster (the ARX cluster), whose ketosynthase beta (KSβ) sequence tag was phylogenetically distinct from any known KSβ sequence, led to the discovery of the arixanthomycins. Arixanthomycin A (1) exhibits potent antiproliferative activity against human cancer cell lines.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a polyketide synthase gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of a proposed angucycline-like polyketide auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: A new polyketide gene cluster, aur1, was identified in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM3239 by using genes for the spore-pigment polyketide synthase of the Streptomyces coelicolor whiE operon as a probe. Sequence analysis of three overlapping DNA fragments (encompassing 15,100 bp) revealed 15 open reading frames, the majority of which showed high similarity to the previously characterized type II polyketide synthase genes. The highest similarity was to three Streptomyces polyketide gene clusters involved in biosynthesis of angucycline antibiotics, jadomycin, urdamycin and landomycin. The proposed S. aureofaciens ketosynthase (Aur1D) was phylogenetically more related to all known ketosynthases for polyketide antibiotics in Streptomyces than to spore-pigment ketosynthases. Interestingly, the aur1 gene cluster contained a gene encoding a proposed malonyl-CoA:ACP transacylase that has not been identified in any of the previously characterized type II polyketide synthase cluster. Transcriptional analysis of aur1 revealed a single promoter upstream the first open reading frame (the aur1A gene) that was active in all stages of differentiation with increased activity at the time of aerial mycelium formation. The aur1 gene cluster was disrupted by a homologous recombination, replacing the three genes (aur1B,C,D) including ketosynthase, with antibiotic resistance marker gene in S. aureofaciens chromosome. Disruption did not affect growth and differentiation; disrupted strain produced spores with wild-type gray-pink pigmentation. The biochromatographic analysis of the culture extracts from S. aureofaciens wild-type and aur1-disrupted strains revealed an antibacterial compound that was missing in the mutant. The results indicated a role of the S. aureofaciens aur1 gene cluster in biosynthesis of a polyketide secondary metabolite (which we named auricin), and not in the spore pigment biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of a regulatory gene essential for the production of the angucycline-like polyketide antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: A gene, aur1P, encoding a protein similar to the response regulators of bacterial two-component signal transduction systems, was identified upstream of the aur1 polyketide gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of the angucycline-like antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239. Expression of the gene was directed by a single promoter, aur1Pp, which was transcribed at low levels during the exponential phase and induced just before the stationary phase. A divergently transcribed gene, aur1R, has been identified upstream of aur1P, encoding a protein homologous to transcriptional repressors of the TetR family. The aur1P gene was disrupted in the S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 chromosome by homologous recombination. The mutation in the aur1P gene had no effect on growth and differentiation. However, biochromatographic analysis of culture extracts from the S. aureofaciens aur1P-disrupted strain revealed that auricin was not produced in the mutant. This indicated that aur1P is essential for auricin production. Transcription from the previously characterized aur1Ap promoter, directing expression of the first gene, aur1A, in the auricin gene cluster, was dramatically decreased in the S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 aur1P mutant strain. Moreover, the Aur1P protein, overproduced in Escherichia coli, was shown to bind specifically upstream of the aur1Ap promoter region. The results indicated that the Aur1P regulator activates expression of the auricin biosynthesis genes.	1
Title: The role of the TetR-family transcriptional regulator Aur1R in negative regulation of the auricin gene cluster in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: Two regulatory genes, aur1P and aur1R, have been previously identified upstream of the aur1 polyketide gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of the angucycline-like antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239. The aur1P gene encodes a protein similar to the response regulators of bacterial two-component signal transduction systems and has been shown to specifically activate expression of the auricin biosynthetic genes. The aur1R gene encodes a protein homologous to transcriptional repressors of the TetR family. Here we describe the characterization of the aur1R gene. Expression of the gene is directed by a single promoter, aur1Rp, which is induced just before stationary phase. Disruption of aur1R in S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 had no effect on growth and differentiation. However, the disrupted strain produced more auricin than its parental wild-type S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 strain. Transcription from the aur1Ap and aur1Pp promoters, directing expression of the first biosynthetic gene in the auricin gene cluster and the pathway-specific transcriptional activator, respectively, was increased in the S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 aur1R mutant strain. However, Aur1R was shown to bind specifically only to the aur1Pp promoter in vitro. This binding was abolished by the addition of auricin and/or its intermediates. The results indicate that the Aur1R regulator specifically represses expression of the aur1P gene, which encodes a pathway-specific activator of the auricin biosynthetic gene cluster in S. aureofaciens CCM 3239, and that this repression is relieved by auricin or its intermediates.	1
Title: The role of two SARP family transcriptional regulators in regulation of the auricin gene cluster in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: Two regulators, Aur1P and Aur1R, have been previously found to control expression of the aur1 polyketide gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of the angucycline-like antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 in a cascade mechanism. Here, we describe the characterization of two additional regulatory genes, aur1PR2 and aur1PR3, encoding homologues of the SARP family of transcriptional activators that were identified in the upstream part of the aur1 cluster. Expression of both genes is directed by a single promoter, aur1PR2p and aur1Pr3p, respectively, induced in late exponential phase. Disruption of aur1PR2 in S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 had no effect on auricin production. However, the disruption of aur1PR3 dramatically reduced auricin compared with its parental wild-type strain. Transcription from the aur1Ap promoter, directing expression of the first biosynthetic gene in the auricin gene cluster, was similarly decreased in the S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 aur1PR3 mutant. Transcription from the aur1PR3p promoter increased in the S. aureofaciens CCM 3239 aur1R mutant strain, and the TetR family negative regulator Aur1R was shown to specifically bind the aur1PR3p promoter. These results indicate a complex regulation of the auricin cluster by the additional SARP family transcriptional activator Aur1PR3.	1
Title: Strict control of auricin production in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 involves a feedback mechanism Abstract: The polyketide gene cluster aur1 is responsible for the production of the angucycline antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239. Auricin production is regulated in a complex manner involving several regulators, including a key pathway-specific positive regulator Aur1P that belongs to the family of 'atypical' response regulators. Production of auricin is induced after entry into stationary phase. However, auricin was produced in only a short time interval of several hours. We found that the decrease of auricin production was due to a strict regulation of auricin biosynthetic genes at the transcriptional level by a feedback mechanism; auricin and/or its intermediate(s) inhibited binding of Aur1P to its cognate biosynthetic promoter aur1Ap and consequently stopped its activation. In addition, we also determined that synthesised auricin is unstable during growth of S. aureofaciens CCM3239 in the production medium even though purified auricin is stable for days in various organic solvents. The critical parameter affecting its stability was pH. Auricin is stable at acid pH and unstable at neutral and alkaline pH. The drop in auricin concentration was due to an increase of pH shortly after induction of auricin production during cultivation of S. aureofaciens CCM3239.	1
Title: The gene cluster aur1 for the angucycline antibiotic auricin is located on a large linear plasmid pSA3239 in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: We previously identified a polyketide synthase gene cluster, aur1, responsible for the production of the angucycline antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239. A sequence analysis of the aur1 flanking regions revealed the presence of several genes encoding proteins homologous to those for Streptomyces linear plasmid replication, partitioning and telomere-binding. Pulse-field gel electrophoresis detected the single, 240-kb linear plasmid, pSA3239, in S. aureofaciens CCM3239. The presence of the auricin cluster in pSA3239 was confirmed by several approaches. In addition to aur1, pSA3239 also carries a large number of regulatory genes, and two gene clusters involved in the production of secondary metabolites: the aur2 cluster for an unknown secondary metabolite and the bpsA cluster for the blue pigment indigoidine.	1
Title: A gene determining a new member of the SARP family contributes to transcription of genes for the synthesis of the angucycline polyketide auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: Three regulators, Aur1P, Aur1R and a SARP-family Aur1PR3, have been previously found to control expression of the aur1 cluster for the angucycline antibiotic auricin in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239. Here, we describe an additional regulatory gene, aur1PR4, encoding a homologue from the SARP-family regulators. Its role in auricin regulation was confirmed by its disruption that dramatically affected auricin production. However, transcription from the aur1Ap promoter, directing expression of 22 auricin biosynthetic genes, was not substantially affected in the Δaur1PR4 mutant. A new promoter, sa13p, directing transcription of four putative auricin tailoring genes, was found to be dependent on aur1PR4. Moreover, analysis of the sa13p promoter region revealed the presence of three heptameric repeat sequences corresponding to putative SARP-binding sites. Expression of aur1PR4 is directed by a single promoter, aur1PR4p, which is induced after entry into stationary phase. Transcription from aur1PR4p was absent in a S. aureofaciens Δaur1P mutant strain, and Aur1P was shown to bind specifically to the aur1PR4p promoter. These results indicate a complex network of regulation of the auricin gene cluster. Both Aur1P and Aur1PR3 are involved in regulation of the core aur1A-U biosynthetic genes, and Aur1PR4 in regulation of putative auricin tailoring genes.	1
Title: Intriguing properties of the angucycline antibiotic auricin and complex regulation of its biosynthesis Abstract: Streptomyces bacteria are major producers of bioactive natural products, including many antibiotics. We identified a gene cluster, aur1, in a large linear plasmid of Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM3239. The cluster is responsible for the production of a new angucycline polyketide antibiotic auricin. Several tailoring biosynthetic genes were scatted in rather distant aur1 flanking regions. Auricin was produced in a very narrow growth phase interval of several hours after entry into stationary phase, after which it was degraded to non-active metabolites because of its instability at the high pH values reached after the production stage. Strict transcriptional regulation of the auricin biosynthetic gene cluster has been demonstrated, including feed-forward and feedback control by auricin intermediates via several of the huge number of regulatory genes present in the aur1 cluster. The complex mechanism may ensure strict confinement of auricin production to a specific growth stage.	1
Title: A γ-butyrolactone autoregulator-receptor system involved in the regulation of auricin production in Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 Abstract: The γ-butyrolactone (GBL) autoregulator-receptor systems play a role in controlling secondary metabolism and/or morphological differentiation in many Streptomyces species. We previously identified the aur1 gene cluster, located on the Streptomyces aureofaciens CCM 3239 large linear plasmid pSA3239, which is responsible for the production of the angucycline antibiotic auricin. Here, we describe the characterisation of two genes, sagA and sagR, encoding GBL autoregulatory signalling homologues, which lie in the upstream part of the aur1 cluster. SagA was similar to GBL synthases and SagR to GBL receptors. The expression of each gene is directed by its own promoter, sagAp for sagA and sagRp for sagR. Both genes were active mainly during the exponential phase, and their transcription was interdependent. The disruption of sagA abolished auricin production, while the disruption of sagR resulted in precocious but dramatically reduced auricin production. Transcription from the aur1Pp and aur1Rp promoters, which direct the expression of auricin-specific cluster-situated regulators (CSRs), was also precocious and increased in the sagR mutant strain. In addition, SagR was also shown to specifically bind both promoters in vitro. These results indicated that the SagA-SagR GBL system regulates auricin production. Unlike many other GBL receptors, SagR does not bind its own promoter, but Aur1R, an auricin-specific repressor from the family of pseudo GBL receptors, does bind both sagAp and sagRp promoters. Moreover, the expression of both promoters was deregulated in an aur1R mutant, indicating that the SagA-SagR GBL system is regulated by a feedback mechanism involving the auricin-specific CSR Aur1R, which regulates downstream.	1
Title: Biosynthetic studies of aziridine formation in azicemicins Abstract: The azicemicins, which are angucycline-type antibiotics produced by the actinomycete, Kibdelosporangium sp. MJ126-NF4, contain an aziridine ring attached to the polyketide core. Feeding experiments using [1-(13)C]acetate or [1,2-(13)C(2)]acetate indicated that the angucycline skeleton is biosynthesized by a type II polyketide synthase. Isotope-tracer experiments using deuterium-labeled amino acids revealed that aspartic acid is the precursor of the aziridine moiety. Subsequent cloning and sequencing efforts led to the identification of the azicemicin (azic) gene cluster spanning approximately 50 kbp. The cluster harbors genes typical for type II polyketide synthesis. Also contained in the cluster are genes for two adenylyl transferases, a decarboxylase, an additional acyl carrier protein (ACP), and several oxygenases. On the basis of the assigned functions of these genes, a possible pathway for aziridine ring formation in the azecimicins can now be proposed. To obtain support for the proposed biosynthetic pathway, two genes encoding adenylyltransferases were overexpressed and the resulting proteins were purified. Enzyme assays showed that one of the adenylyltransferases specifically recognizes aspartic acid, providing strong evidence, in addition to the feeding experiments, that aspartate is the precursor of the aziridine moiety. The results reported herein set the stage for future biochemical studies of aziridine biosynthesis and assembly.	1
Title: A biosynthetic pathway for BE-7585A, a 2-thiosugar-containing angucycline-type natural product Abstract: Sulfur is an essential element found ubiquitously in living systems. However, there exist only a few sulfur-containing sugars in nature and their biosyntheses have not been studied. BE-7585A produced by Amycolatopsis orientalis subsp. vinearia BA-07585 has a 2-thiosugar and is a member of the angucycline class of compounds. We report herein the results of our initial efforts to study the biosynthesis of BE-7585A. Spectroscopic analyses verified the structure of BE-7585A, which is closely related to rhodonocardin A. Feeding experiments using (13)C-labeled acetate were carried out to confirm that the angucycline core is indeed polyketide-derived. The results indicated an unusual manner of angular tetracyclic ring construction, perhaps via a Baeyer-Villiger type rearrangement. Subsequent cloning and sequencing led to the identification of the bex gene cluster spanning approximately 30 kbp. A total of 28 open reading frames, which are likely involved in BE-7585A formation, were identified in the cluster. In view of the presence of a homologue of a thiazole synthase gene (thiG), bexX, in the bex cluster, the mechanism of sulfur incorporation into the 2-thiosugar moiety could resemble that found in thiamin biosynthesis. A glycosyltransferase homologue, BexG2, was heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli. The purified enzyme successfully catalyzed the coupling of 2-thioglucose 6-phosphate and UDP-glucose to produce 2-thiotrehalose 6-phosphate, which is the precursor of the disaccharide unit in BE-7585A. On the basis of these genetic and biochemical experiments, a biosynthetic pathway for BE-7585A can now be proposed. The combined results set the stage for future biochemical studies of 2-thiosugar biosynthesis and BE-7585A assembly.	1
Title: Ketosynthase III as a gateway to engineering the biosynthesis of antitumoral benastatin derivatives Abstract: Benastatins are aromatic polyketides from Streptomyces spp. that efficiently inhibit glutathione-S-transferases and induce apoptosis. Their biosynthesis involves a type II polyketide synthase, and a ketoacyl synthase (KAS) III component (BenQ) similar to FabH that is crucial for providing and selecting the rare hexanoate PKS starter unit. The function of BenQ as a KAS III was experimentally proven by point mutation of the active site cysteine. In the mutant several novel short chain fatty acid derived penta- and hexacyclic benastatin derivatives with antiprolieferative activities are formed. Strategies for engineering benastatin biosynthesis were attempted. Synthetic starter units surrogates were not incorporated by block mutants, which suggests that the primer needs to be enzyme-bound. Thus, on the basis of KAS III crystal structures the three-dimensional structure of BenQ was modeled and the predicted substrate-binding tunnel was altered by individual mutations of potential gatekeeping residues (H95A and M99A). However, no significant changes in substrate specificity were observed, indicating that there are other or additional gatekeeping amino acid residues in BenQ or secondary factors including likely protein-protein interactions between BenQ and the PKS complex, and possible conformational changes in BenQ. Finally, a benQ null mutant was complemented with butyrate starter unit biosynthesis genes from the alnumycin biosynthesis gene cluster, which resulted in a great (10x) enhancement in the production of butyrate-primed hexacyclic benastatin derivatives. The successful generation of an alnumycin-benastatin FAS-PKS hybrid pathway highlights the potential of metabolic pathways, which may lead to novel potential therapeutics and increased yields of desired natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of pentangular polyphenols: deductions from the benastatin and griseorhodin pathways Abstract: The benastatins, pradimicins, fredericamycins, and members of the griseorhodin/rubromycin family represent a structurally and functionally diverse group of long-chain polyphenols from actinomycetes. Comparison of their biosynthetic gene clusters (ben, prm, fdm, grh, rub) revealed that all loci harbor genes coding for a similar, yet uncharacterized, type of ketoreductases. In a phylogenetic survey of representative KRs involved in type II PKS systems, we found that it is generally possible to deduce the KR regiospecificity (C-9, C-15, C17) from the amino acid sequence and thus to predict the nature of the aromatic polyketide (e.g., angucycline, anthracycline, benzoisochromanequinones). We hypothezised that the new clade of KRs is characteristic for biosynthesis of polyphenols with an extended angular architecture we termed "pentangular". To test this hypothesis, we demonstrated the biogenetic relationship between benastatin and the structurally unrelated spiro ketal griseorhodin by generating a mutant producing collinone, a pentangular pathway intermediate. The benastatin pathway served as a model to characterize the KR. Gene inactivation of benL resulted in the formation of a series of 19-hydroxy benastatin and bequinostatin derivatives (e.g., benastatin K and benastatin L). These results clearly showed that BenL functions as a C-19 KR in pentangular pathways.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of the benastatin biosynthetic pathway and genetic engineering of altered fatty acid-polyketide hybrids Abstract: The entire gene locus encoding the biosynthesis of the potent glutathione-S-transferase inhibitors and apoptosis inducers benastatin A and B has been cloned and sequenced. The cluster identity was unequivocally proven by deletion of flanking regions and heterologous expression in S. albus and S. lividans. Inactivation and complementation experiments revealed that a KSIII component (BenQ) similar to FabH is crucial for providing and selecting the rare hexanoate PKS starter unit. In the absence of BenQ, several novel penta- and hexacyclic benastatin derivatives with antiproliferative activities are formed. In total, five new compounds were isolated and fully characterized, and the chemical analysis was confirmed by derivatization. The most intriguing observation is that the ben PKS can utilize typical straight and branched fatty acid synthase primers. If shorter straight-chain starters are utilized, the length of the polyketide backbone is increased, resulting in the formation of an extended, hexacyclic ring system reminiscent of proposed intermediates in the griseorhodin and fredericamycin pathways. Analysis and manipulation of the hybrid fatty acid polyketide pathway provides strong support for the hypothesis that the number of chain elongations is dependent on the total size of the polyketide chain that is accommodated in the PKS enzyme cavity. Our results also further substantiate the potential of metabolic engineering toward polyphenols with altered substituents and ring systems.	1
Title: Benastatins A and B, new inhibitors of glutathione S-transferase, produced by Streptomyces sp. MI384-DF12. I. Taxonomy, production, isolation, physico-chemical properties and biological activities Abstract: Benastatins have been isolated as part of a program designed to find microorganism-produced inhibitors of glutathione S-transferase from Streptomyces sp. MI384-DF12. They were purified by chromatography of reversed-phase silica gel, silica gel and Capcell Pak C18 (HPLC) followed by solvent extraction and then isolated as yellow powders. Benastatins A and B have the molecular formulae, C30H28O7 and C30H30O7, respectively. They were competitive with 3,4-dichloronitrobenzene as the substrate, and the inhibition constants (Ki) of benastatins A and B were 5.0 x 10(-6) and 3.7 x 10(-6), respectively.	1
Title: Benastatins A and B, new inhibitors of glutathione S-transferase, produced by Streptomyces sp. MI384-DF12. II. Structure determination of benastatins A and B Abstract: Benastatins A and B, new inhibitors of glutathione S-transferase, have been isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. MI384-DF12. By X-ray crystallography, benastatin A was determined to be 8,13-dihydro-1,7,9,11-tetrahydroxy-13-dimethyl-8-oxo-3-pentyl- benzo[a]naphthacene-2-carboxylic acid. The structure of benastatin B was elucidated by NMR studies.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of benastatin A Abstract: The biosynthesis of benastatin A, produced by Streptomyces sp. MI384-DF12, has been studied by feeding experiments with 14C- and 13C-labeled compounds followed by measurement of radioactivity and 13C NMR analysis. The results indicate that benastatin A is derived from two methionine units and fourteen acetate units, condensed in the "head-to-tail" fashion of typical polyketide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of the putative bryostatin polyketide synthase gene cluster from "Candidatus Endobugula sertula", the uncultivated microbial symbiont of the marine bryozoan Bugula neritina Abstract: The bryostatins are protein kinase C modulators with unique structural features and potential anticancer and neurological activities. These complex polyketides were isolated from the marine bryozoan Bugula neritina, but recent studies indicate that they are produced by the uncultured symbiotic bacterium "Candidatus Endobugula sertula" ("E. sertula"). Here we present the putative biosynthetic genes: five modular polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, a discrete acyltransferase, a beta-ketosynthase, a hydroxy-methyl-glutaryl CoA synthase (HMG-CS), and a methyltransferase. The cluster was sequenced in two closely related "E. sertula" strains from different host species. In one strain the gene cluster is contiguous, while in the other strain it is split into two loci, with one locus containing the PKS genes and the other containing the accessory genes. Here, we propose a hypothesis for the biosynthesis of the bryostatins. Thirteen PKS modules form the core macrolactone ring, and the pendent methyl ester groups are added by the HMG-CS gene cassette. The resulting hypothetical compound bryostatin 0 is the common basis for the 20 known bryostatins. As "E. sertula" is to date uncultured, heterologous expression of this biosynthetic gene cluster has the potential of producing the bioactive bryostatins in large enough quantities for development into a pharmaceutical.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the antitumor agent chartreusin involves the oxidative rearrangement of an anthracyclic polyketide Abstract: Chartreusin is a potent antitumor agent with a mixed polyketide-carbohydrate structure produced by Streptomyces chartreusis. Three type II polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters were identified from an S. chartreusis HKI-249 genomic cosmid library, one of which encodes chartreusin (cha) biosynthesis, as confirmed by heterologous expression of the entire cha gene cluster in Streptomyces albus. Molecular analysis of the approximately 37 kb locus and structure elucidation of a linear pathway intermediate from an engineered mutant reveal that the unusual bis-lactone aglycone chartarin is derived from an anthracycline-type polyketide. A revised biosynthetic model involving an oxidative rearrangement is presented.	1
Title: Identification of the chelocardin biosynthetic gene cluster from Amycolatopsis sulphurea: a platform for producing novel tetracycline antibiotics Abstract: Tetracyclines (TCs) are medically important antibiotics from the polyketide family of natural products. Chelocardin (CHD), produced by Amycolatopsis sulphurea, is a broad-spectrum tetracyclic antibiotic with potent bacteriolytic activity against a number of Gram-positive and Gram-negative multi-resistant pathogens. CHD has an unknown mode of action that is different from TCs. It has some structural features that define it as 'atypical' and, notably, is active against tetracycline-resistant pathogens. Identification and characterization of the chelocardin biosynthetic gene cluster from A. sulphurea revealed 18 putative open reading frames including a type II polyketide synthase. Compared to typical TCs, the chd cluster contains a number of features that relate to its classification as 'atypical': an additional gene for a putative two-component cyclase/aromatase that may be responsible for the different aromatization pattern, a gene for a putative aminotransferase for C-4 with the opposite stereochemistry to TCs and a gene for a putative C-9 methylase that is a unique feature of this biosynthetic cluster within the TCs. Collectively, these enzymes deliver a molecule with different aromatization of ring C that results in an unusual planar structure of the TC backbone. This is a likely contributor to its different mode of action. In addition CHD biosynthesis is primed with acetate, unlike the TCs, which are primed with malonamate, and offers a biosynthetic engineering platform that represents a unique opportunity for efficient generation of novel tetracyclic backbones using combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of the atypical tetracycline chelocardin reveals the full set of genes required for its biosynthesis Abstract: Background:                       Chelocardin (CHD) exhibits a broad-spectrum antibiotic activity and showed promising results in a small phase II clinical study conducted on patients with urinary tract infections. Importantly, CHD was shown to be active also against tetracycline-resistant Gram-negative pathogens, which is gaining even more importance in today's antibiotic crisis. We have demonstrated that modifications of CHD through genetic engineering of its producer, the actinomycete Amycolatopsis sulphurea, are not only possible but yielded even more potent antibiotics than CHD itself, like 2-carboxamido-2-deacetyl-chelocardin (CD-CHD), which is currently in preclinical evaluation. A. sulphurea is difficult to genetically manipulate and therefore manipulation of the chd biosynthetic gene cluster in a genetically amenable heterologous host would be of high importance for further drug-discovery efforts.                  Results:                       We report heterologous expression of the CHD biosynthetic gene cluster in the model organism Streptomyces albus del14 strain. Unexpectedly, we found that the originally defined CHD gene cluster fails to provide all genes required for CHD formation, including an additional cyclase and two regulatory genes. Overexpression of the putative pathway-specific streptomyces antibiotic regulatory protein chdB in A. sulphurea resulted in an increase of both, CHD and CD-CHD production. Applying a metabolic-engineering approach, it was also possible to generate the potent CHD analogue, CD-CHD in S. albus. Finally, an additional yield increase was achieved in S. albus del14 by in-trans overexpression of the chdR exporter gene, which provides resistance to CHD and CDCHD.                  Conclusions:                       We identified previously unknown genes in the CHD cluster, which were shown to be essential for chelocardin biosynthesis by expression of the full biosynthetic gene cluster in S. albus as heterologous host. When comparing to oxytetracycline biosynthesis, we observed that the CHD gene cluster contains additional enzymes not found in gene clusters encoding the biosynthesis of typical tetracyclines (such as oxytetracycline). This finding probably explains the different chemistries and modes of action, which make CHD/CD-CHD valuable lead structures for clinical candidates. Even though the CHD genes are derived from a rare actinomycete A. sulphurea, the yield of CHD in the heterologous host was very good. The corrected nucleotide sequence of the CHD gene cluster now contains all gene products required for the production of CHD in a genetically amenable heterologous host, thus opening new possibilities towards production of novel and potent tetracycline analogues with a new mode of action.	1
Title: Deciphering and engineering of the final step halogenase for improved chlortetracycline biosynthesis in industrial Streptomyces aureofaciens Abstract: Chlortetracycline (CTC) is an important member from antibiotics tetracycline (TC) family, which inhibits protein synthesis in bacteria and is widely involved in clinical therapy, animal feeds and aquaculture. Previous works have reported intricately the biosynthesis of CTC from the intermediates in random mutants of Streptomyces aureofaciens and the crucial chlorination remained unclear. We have developed the genetic manipulation in an industrial producer, in which about 15.0g/l CTC predominated along with 1.2g/l TC, and discovered that chlorination by ctcP (an FADH2-dependent halogenase gene) is the last inefficient step during CTC biosynthesis. Firstly, the ΔctcP strain accumulated about 18.9g/l "clean" TC without KBr addition and abolished the production of CTC. Subsequently, CtcP was identified to exhibit a substrate stereo-specificity to absolute TC (4S) rather than TC (4R), with low kcat of 0.51±0.01min(-1), while it could halogenate several TC analogs. Accordingly, we devised a strategy for overexpression of ctcP in S. aureofaciens and improved CTC production to a final titer of 25.9g/l. We anticipate that our work will provide a biotechnological potential of enzymatic evolution and strain engineering towards new TC derivatives in microorganisms.	1
Title: Characterization of the terminal activation step catalyzed by oxygenase CmmOIV of the chromomycin biosynthetic pathway from Streptomyces griseus Abstract: Inactivation and initial interrogation of key oxygenase CmmOIV of the biosynthetic pathway of chromomycin A(3) in Streptomyces griseus ssp. griseus revealed that a completely methylated and acetylated prechromomycin is the preferred substrate of this enzyme. This suggests that the three sugar decoration reactions, two O-acetylations and an O-methylation, which were previously believed to occur as the final steps of chromomycin A(3) biosynthesis, indeed take place prior to the CmmOIV reaction. Upon inactivation of CmmOIV, four new compounds accumulated; the fully decorated prechromomycin and its incompletely acetylated precursor along with a diketoprechromomycin-type compound were fully characterized and assayed with CmmOIV.	1
Title: Involvement of a chromomycin ABC transporter system in secretion of a deacetylated precursor during chromomycin biosynthesis Abstract: Chromomycin A(3) is an antitumour antibiotic that acts by inhibiting transcription and replication of DNA. The producer micro-organism Streptomyces griseus subsp. griseus is highly resistant to chromomycin A(3) and to the structurally related compound mithramycin upon induction with chromomycin A(3). The biosynthetic gene cluster of chromomycin contains three genes involved in self-resistance to chromomycin in S. griseus: cmrA and cmrB encode a type I ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter, and cmrX encodes a UvrA-like protein of ABC excision nuclease systems. These genes are linked in the chromosome, together with a gene encoding a transcriptional repressor (cmmRII). Involvement of these genes in chromomycin resistance was determined through gene inactivation, and heterologous expression in Streptomyces albus. Inactivation of cmrX produced a chromomycin-sensitive low-producer strain, while inactivation of cmmRII generated a high-chromomycin-producer strain, which was resistant to chromomycin, and also to mithramycin. Expression of either cmrA and cmrB, or cmrX, in S. albus generated strains with low chromomycin resistance; it was therefore necessary to co-express the three genes to achieve high levels of resistance. However, the CmrAB ABC transporter conferred a high level of resistance to the biosynthesis intermediate 4A,4E-O-dideacetyl-chromomycin A(3). A model is proposed for the biosynthesis of, and self-resistance to, chromomycin A(3) in S. griseus subsp. griseus.	1
Title: Deoxysugar transfer during chromomycin A3 biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus subsp. griseus: new derivatives with antitumor activity Abstract: Chromomycin A3 is an antitumor drug produced by Streptomyces griseus subsp. griseus. It consists of a tricyclic aglycone with two aliphatic side chains and two O-glycosidically linked saccharide chains, a disaccharide of 4-O-acetyl-D-oliose (sugar A) and 4-O-methyl-D-oliose (sugar B), and a trisaccharide of D-olivose (sugar C), D-olivose (sugar D), and 4-O-acetyl-L-chromose B (sugar E). The chromomycin gene cluster contains four glycosyltransferase genes (cmmGI, cmmGII, cmmGIII, and cmmGIV), which were independently inactivated through gene replacement, generating mutants C60GI, C10GII, C10GIII, and C10GIV. Mutants C10GIV and C10GIII produced the known compounds premithramycinone and premithramycin A1, respectively, indicating the involvement of CmmGIV and CmmGIII in the sequential transfer of sugars C and D and possibly also of sugar E of the trisaccharide chain, to the 12a position of the tetracyclic intermediate premithramycinone. Mutant C10GII produced two new tetracyclic compounds lacking the disaccharide chain at the 8 position, named prechromomycin A3 and prechromomycin A2. All three compounds accumulated by mutant C60GI were tricyclic and lacked sugar B of the disaccharide chain, and they were named prechromomycin A4, 4A-O-deacetyl-3A-O-acetyl-prechromomycin A4, and 3A-O-acetyl-prechromomycin A4. CmmGII and CmmGI are therefore responsible for the formation of the disaccharide chain by incorporating, in a sequential manner, two D-oliosyl residues to the 8 position of the biosynthetic intermediate prechromomycin A3. A biosynthetic pathway is proposed for the glycosylation events in chromomycin A3 biosynthesis.	1
Title: Tailoring modification of deoxysugars during biosynthesis of the antitumour drug chromomycin A by Streptomyces griseus ssp. griseus Abstract: Chromomycin A3 is a member of the aureolic acid group family of antitumour drugs. Three tailoring modification steps occur during its biosynthesis affecting the sugar moieties: two O-acetylations and one O-methylation. The 4-O-methylation in the 4-O-methyl-D-oliose moiety of the disaccharide chain is catalysed by the cmmMIII gene product. Inactivation of this gene generated a chromomycin-non-producing mutant that accumulated three unmethylated derivatives containing all sugars but differing in the acylation pattern. Two of these compounds were shown to be substrates of the methyltransferase as determined by their bioconversion into chromomycin A2 and A3 after feeding these compounds to a Streptomyces albus strain expressing the cmmMIII gene. The same single membrane-bound enzyme, encoded by the cmmA gene, is responsible for both acetyl transfer reactions, which convert a relatively inactive compound into the bioactive chromomycin A3. Insertional inactivation of this gene resulted in a mutant accumulating a dideacetylated chromomycin A3 derivative. This compound, lacking both acetyl groups, was converted in a two-step reaction via the 4E-monoacetylated intermediate into chromomycin A3 when fed to cultures of S. albus expressing the cmmA gene. This acetylation step would occur as the last step in chromomycin biosynthesis, being a very important event for self-protection of the producing organism. It would convert a molecule with low biological activity into an active one, in a reaction catalysed by an enzyme that is predicted to be located in the cell membrane.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the antitumor chromomycin A3 in Streptomyces griseus: analysis of the gene cluster and rational design of novel chromomycin analogs Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aureolic acid type antitumor drug chromomycin A3 from S. griseus subsp. griseus has been identified and characterized. It spans 43 kb and contains 36 genes involved in polyketide biosynthesis and modification, deoxysugar biosynthesis and sugar transfer, pathway regulation and resistance. The organization of the cluster clearly differs from that of the closely related mithramycin. Involvement of the cluster in chromomycin A3 biosynthesis was demonstrated by disrupting the cmmWI gene encoding a polyketide reductase involved in side chain reduction. Three novel chromomycin derivatives were obtained, named chromomycin SK, chromomycin SA, and chromomycin SDK, which show antitumor activity and differ with respect to their 3-side chains. A pathway for the biosynthesis of chromomycin A3 and its deoxysugars is proposed.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the ravidomycin and chrysomycin biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: The gene clusters responsible for the biosynthesis of two antitumor antibiotics, ravidomycin and chrysomycin, have been cloned from Streptomyces ravidus and Streptomyces albaduncus, respectively. Sequencing of the 33.28 kb DNA region of the cosmid cosRav32 and the 34.65 kb DNA region of cosChry1-1 and cosChryF2 revealed 36 and 35 open reading frames (ORFs), respectively, harboring tandem sets of type II polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, D-ravidosamine and D-virenose biosynthetic genes, post-PKS tailoring genes, regulatory genes, and genes of unknown function. The isolated ravidomycin gene cluster was confirmed to be involved in ravidomycin biosynthesis through the production of a new analogue of ravidomycin along with anticipated pathway intermediates and biosynthetic shunt products upon heterologous expression of the cosmid, cosRav32, in Streptomyces lividans TK24. The identity of the cluster was further verified through cross complementation of gilvocarcin V (GV) mutants. Similarly, the chrysomycin gene cluster was demonstrated to be indirectly involved in chrysomycin biosynthesis through cross-complementation of gilvocarcin mutants deficient in the oxygenases GilOII, GilOIII, and GilOIV with the respective chrysomycin monooxygenase homologues. The ravidomycin glycosyltransferase (RavGT) appears to be able to transfer both amino- and neutral sugars, exemplified through the structurally distinct 6-membered D-ravidosamine and 5-membered D-fucofuranose, to the coumarin-based polyketide derived backbone. These results expand the library of biosynthetic genes involved in the biosyntheses of gilvocarcin class compounds that can be used to generate novel analogues through combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of colabomycin E, a new manumycin-family metabolite, involves an unusual chain-length factor Abstract: Colabomycin E is a new member of the manumycin-type metabolites produced by the strain Streptomyces aureus SOK1/5-04 and identified by genetic screening from a library of streptomycete strains. The structures of colabomycin E and accompanying congeners were resolved. The entire biosynthetic gene cluster was cloned and expressed in Streptomyces lividans. Bioinformatic analysis and mutagenic studies identified components of the biosynthetic pathway that are involved in the formation of both polyketide chains. Recombinant polyketide synthases (PKSs) assembled from the components of colabomycin E and asukamycin biosynthetic routes catalyzing the biosynthesis of "lower" carbon chains were constructed and expressed in S. aureus SOK1/5-04 ΔcolC11-14 deletion mutant. Analysis of the metabolites produced by recombinant strains provided evidence that in both biosynthetic pathways the length of the lower carbon chain is controlled by an unusual chain-length factor supporting biosynthesis either of a triketide in asukamycin or of a tetraketide in colabomycin E. Biological activity assays indicated that colabomycin E significantly inhibited IL-1β release from THP-1 cells and might thus potentially act as an anti-inflammatory agent.	1
Title: Insights in the glycosylation steps during biosynthesis of the antitumor anthracycline cosmomycin: characterization of two glycosyltransferase genes Abstract: Glycosylation pattern in cosmomycins is a distinctive feature among anthracyclines. These antitumor compounds possess two trisaccharide chains attached at C-7 and C-10, each of them with structural variability, mainly at the distal deoxysugar moieties. We have characterized a 14-kb chromosomal region from Streptomyces olindensis containing 13 genes involved in cosmomycin biosynthesis. Two of the genes, cosG and cosK, coding for glycosyltransferase were inactivated with the generation of five new derivatives. Structural elucidation of these compounds showed altered glycosylation patterns indicating the capability of both glycosyltransferases of transferring deoxysugars to both sides of the aglycone and the flexibility of CosK with respect to the deoxysugar donor. A model is proposed for the glycosylation steps during cosmomycins biosynthesis.	1
Title: Analysis of a polyketide synthesis-encoding gene cluster of Streptomyces curacoi Abstract: A gene cluster homologous to the beta-ketoacyl synthase-encoding gene, actl, was cloned by Southern blot hybridization from Streptomyces curacoi, and a 5469-bp fragment was sequenced. Analysis of the sequence revealed seven open reading frames (ORFs). A striking similarity to the whiE locus (encoding spore pigment synthesis) of Streptomyces coelicolor was found throughout the whole cluster, with conservation of the size and position of the seven ORFs. The structure of these two gene clusters suggests that they have a common origin, although the lower similarity in the noncoding regions suggests that the regulatory regions have diverged through evolution.	1
Title: Heterologous expression and manipulation of three tetracycline biosynthetic pathways Abstract: A very accommodating host: Three tetracycline biosynthetic pathways were overexpressed and manipulated in the heterologous host Streptomyces lividans K4-114. Through the inactivation of various genes and characterization of the resulting biosynthetic intermediates, new tetracycline-modifying enzymes were identified (see scheme).	1
Title: Isolation and sequence analysis of polyketide synthase genes from the daunomycin-producing Streptomyces sp. strain C5 Abstract: A contiguous region of about 30 kbp of DNA putatively encoding reactions in daunomycin biosynthesis was isolated from Streptomyces sp. strain C5 DNA. The DNA sequence of an 8.1-kbp EcoRI fragment, which hybridized with actI polyketide synthase (PKS) and actIII polyketide reductase (PKR) gene probes, was determined, revealing seven complete open reading frames (ORFs), two in one cluster and five in a divergently transcribed cluster. The former two genes are likely to encode PKR and a bifunctional cyclase/dehydrase. The five latter genes encode: (i) a homolog of TcmH, an oxygenase of the tetracenomycin biosynthesis pathway; (ii) a PKS Orf1 homolog; (iii) a PKS Orf2 homolog (chain length factor); (iv) a product having moderate sequence identity with Escherichia coli beta-ketoacyl acyl carrier protein synthase III but lacking the conserved active site; and (v) a protein highly similar to several acyltransferases. The DNA within the 8.1-kbp EcoRI fragment restored daunomycin production to two dauA non-daunomycin-producing mutants of Streptomyces sp. strain C5 and restored wild-type antibiotic production to Streptomyces coelicolor B40 (act VII; nonfunctional cyclase/dehydrase), and to S. coelicolor B41 (actIII) and Streptomyces galilaeus ATCC 31671, strains defective in PKR activity.	1
Title: Characterization of the Streptomyces peucetius ATCC 29050 genes encoding doxorubicin polyketide synthase Abstract: The dps genes of Streptomyces peucetius, encoding daunorubicin (DNR)-doxorubicin (DXR) polyketide synthase (PKS), are largely within an 8.7-kb region of DNA that has been characterized by Southern analysis, and gene sequencing, mutagenesis and expression experiments. This region contains nine ORFs, many of whose predicted products are homologous to known PKS enzymes. Surprisingly, the gene encoding the DXR PKS acyl carrier protein is not in this region, but is located about 10 kb distant from the position it usually occupies in other gene clusters encoding type-II PKS. An in-frame deletion in the dpsB gene, encoding a putative subunit of the DXR PKS, resulted in loss of production of DXR and the known intermediates of its biosynthetic pathway, confirming that this gene and, by implication, the adjacent dps genes are required for DXR biosynthesis. This was verified by expression of the dps genes in the heterologous host, Streptomyces lividans, which resulted in the production of aklanonic acid, an early intermediate of DXR biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of elloramycin in Streptomyces olivaceus requires glycosylation by enzymes encoded outside the aglycon cluster Abstract: Elloramycin is an anthracycline-like antitumour drug produced by Streptomyces olivaceus Tü2353. Cosmid cos16F4 has been previously shown to direct the biosynthesis of the elloramycin aglycon 8-demethyltetracenomycin C (8-DMTC), but not elloramycin. Sequencing of the 24.2 kb insert in cos16F4 shows the presence of 17 genes involved in elloramycin biosynthesis (elm genes) together with another additional eight ORFs probably not involved in elloramycin biosynthesis. The 17 genes would code for the biosynthesis of the polyketide moiety, sugar transfer, methylation of the tetracyclic ring and the sugar moiety, and export. Four genes (rhaA, rhaB, rhaC and rhaD) encoding the enzymic activities required for the biosynthesis of the sugar l-rhamnose were also identified in the S. olivaceus chromosome. The involvement of this rhamnose gene cluster in elloramycin biosynthesis was demonstrated by insertional inactivation of the rhaB gene, generating a non-producer mutant that accumulates the 8-DMTC C aglycon. Coexpression of cos16F4 with pEM4RO (expressing the four rhamnose biosynthesis genes) in Streptomyces lividans led to the formation of elloramycin, demonstrating that both subclusters are required for elloramycin biosynthesis. These results demonstrate that, in contrast to most of the biosynthesis gene clusters from actinomycetes, genes involved in the biosynthesis of elloramycin are located in two chromosomal loci.	1
Title: Enzymatic total synthesis of enterocin polyketides Abstract: Polyketides are clinically important natural products that often require elaborate organic syntheses owing to their complex chemical structures. Here we report the multienzyme total synthesis of the Streptomyces maritimus enterocin and wailupemycin bacteriostatic agents in a single reaction vessel from simple benzoate and malonate substrates. To our knowledge, our results represent the first in vitro assembly of a complete type II polyketide synthase enzymatic pathway to natural products.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing and analysis of the enterocin biosynthesis gene cluster from the marine isolate 'Streptomyces maritimus': evidence for the derailment of an aromatic polyketide synthase Abstract: Background:                       Polycyclic aromatic polyketides, such as the tetracyclines and anthracyclines, are synthesized by bacterial aromatic polyketide synthases (PKSs). Such PKSs contain a single set of iteratively used individual proteins for the construction of a highly labile poly-beta-carbonyl intermediate that is cyclized by associated enzymes to the core aromatic polyketide. A unique polyketide biosynthetic pathway recently identified in the marine strain 'Streptomyces maritimus' deviates from the normal aromatic PKS model in the generation of a diverse series of chiral, non-aromatic polyketides.                  Results:                       A 21.3 kb gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the enterocin and wailupemycin family of polyketides from 'S. maritimus' has been cloned and sequenced. The biosynthesis of these structurally diverse polyketides is encoded on a 20 open reading frames gene set containing a centrally located aromatic PKS. The architecture of this novel type II gene set differs from all other aromatic PKS clusters by the absence of cyclase and aromatase encoding genes and the presence of genes encoding the biosynthesis and attachment of the unique benzoyl-CoA starter unit. In addition to the previously reported heterologous expression of the gene set, in vitro and in vivo expression studies with the cytochrome P-450 EncR and the ketoreductase EncD, respectively, support the involvement of the cloned genes in enterocin biosynthesis.                  Conclusions:                       The enterocin biosynthesis gene cluster represents the most versatile type II PKS system investigated to date. A large series of divergent metabolites are naturally generated from the single biochemical pathway, which has several metabolic options for creating structural diversity. The absence of cyclase and aromatase gene products and the involvement of an oxygenase-catalyzed Favorskii-like rearrangement provide insight into the observed spontaneity of this pathway. This system provides the foundation for engineering hybrid expression sets in the generation of structurally novel compounds for use in drug discovery.	1
Title: An environmental DNA-derived type II polyketide biosynthetic pathway encodes the biosynthesis of the pentacyclic polyketide erdacin Abstract: Environmental DNA-derived cosmid clones containing type II polyketide synthase genes were screened for the ability to produce clone-specific metabolites in Streptomyces. One of the Streptomyces recombinants produces erdacin, a novel polyketide with a previously unknown pentacyclic skeleton. Erdacin provides tangible evidence that environmental DNA gene clusters are likely to encode the biosynthesis of molecules that are substantively different from those that have been identified using culture-based strategies.	1
Title: Cloning of the biosynthetic gene cluster for naphthoxanthene antibiotic FD-594 from Streptomyces sp. TA-0256 Abstract: FD-594 is an unique pyrano[4',3':6,7]naphtho[1,2-b]xanthene polyketide with a trisaccharide of 2,6-dideoxysugars. In this study, we cloned the FD-594 biosynthetic gene cluster from the producer strain Streptomyces sp. TA-0256 to investigate its biosynthesis. The identified pnx gene cluster was 38143 bp, consisting of 40 open reading frames, including a minimal PKS gene, TDP-olivose biosynthetic genes, two glycosyltransferase genes, two methyltransferase genes and many oxygenase/reductase genes. Most of these enzymes coded in the pnx cluster were reasonably assigned to a plausible biosynthetic pathway for FD-594, in which an unique ring opening process via Baeyer-Villiger-type oxidation catalyzed by a putative flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD)-dependent monooxygenase, is speculated to lead to the unique xanthene structure. To clarify the involvement of pnx genes in the FD-594 biosynthesis, a glycosyltransferase, PnxGT2, and a methyltransferase, PnxMT2, were characterized enzymatically with the recombinant proteins expressed in Escherichia coli. As a result, PnxGT2 catalyzed the triple olivose transfers to the FD-594 aglycon with TDP-olivose as the glycosyl donor to afford triolivoside. Surprisingly, in the PnxGT2 enzymatic reaction, tetraolivoside and pentaolivoside were significantly detected along with the expected triolivoside. To our knowledge, PnxGT2 is the first contiguous oligosaccharide-forming glycosyltransferase in secondary metabolism. Furthermore, addition of PnxMT2 and S-adenosyl-L-methionine into the PnxGT2 reaction mixture afforded natural FD-594 to confirm that the PnxGT2 reaction product was the expected regiospecifically glycosylated compound. Consequently, the identified pnx gene cluster appears to be involved in FD-594 biosynthesis.	1
Title: Fluostatins produced by the heterologous expression of a TAR reassembled environmental DNA derived type II PKS gene cluster Abstract: Culture independent approaches for accessing small molecules produced by uncultured bacteria are often hampered by the inability to easily clone environmental DNA (eDNA) fragments large enough to capture intact biosynthetic gene clusters that can be used in heterologous expression studies. Here we show that homology screening of eDNA megalibraries for clones containing natural product biosynthetic genes, coupled with transformation-assisted recombination (TAR) in yeast, can be used to access large, functionally intact, natural product gene clusters from the environment. The eDNA derived gene cluster reported here was functionally reconstructed from two overlapping cosmid clones using TAR. The isolation and structure elucidation of three new fluostatins (F, G, and H) produced by this TAR reconstructed gene cluster is described.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, analysis, and heterologous expression of the fredericamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces griseus Abstract: Fredericamycin (FDM) A, a pentadecaketide featuring two sets of peri-hydroxy tricyclic aromatic moieties connected through a unique chiral spiro carbon center, exhibits potent cytotoxicity and has been studied as a new type of anticancer drug lead because of its novel molecular architecture. The fdm gene cluster was localized to 33-kb DNA segment of Streptomyces griseus ATCC 49344, and its involvement in FDM A biosynthesis was proven by gene inactivation, complementation, and heterologous expression experiments. The fdm cluster consists of 28 open reading frames (ORFs), encoding a type II polyketide synthase (PKS) and tailoring enzymes as well as several regulatory and resistance proteins. The FDM PKS features a KSalpha subunit with heretofore unseen tandem cysteines at its active site, a KSbeta subunit that is distinct phylogenetically from KSbeta of hexa-, octa-, or decaketide PKSs, and a dedicated phosphopantetheinyl transferase. Further study of the FDM PKS could provide new insight into how a type II PKS controls chain length in aromatic polyketide biosynthesis. The availability of the fdm genes, in vivo characterization of the fdm cluster in S. griseus, and heterologous expression of the fdm cluster in Streptomyces albus set the stage to investigate FDM A biosynthesis and engineer the FDM biosynthetic machinery for the production of novel FDM A analogues.	1
Title: In vivo investigation of the roles of FdmM and FdmM1 in fredericamycin biosynthesis unveiling a new family of oxygenases Abstract: Fredericamycin (FDM) A, a highly oxidized aromatic pentadecaketide natural product, exhibits potent cytotoxicity and has been studied as a new anticancer drug lead. The FDM biosynthetic gene cluster has been previously cloned from Streptomyces griseus ATCC 49344 and successfully expressed in the heterologous host Streptomyces albus J1074. The fdmM and fdmM1 genes code for two proteins with high sequence homology to each other but unknown function. In-frame deletion of each of the genes from the fdm cluster was accomplished in the S. albus host. Each mutant failed to produce FDM A and the key biosynthetic intermediate FDM E but produced various new metabolites, the titers of which were dramatically increased via overexpression of an fdm pathway-specific activator fdmR1. The DeltafdmM mutant strain accumulated three new compounds FDM M-1, FDM M-2, and FDM M-3, whereas the DeltafdmM1 mutant strain produced one new compound FDM M1-1. Isolation and structural characterization of these compounds enable us to propose that FdmM and FdmM1 catalyze the C-6 and C-8 hydroxylations for FDM biosynthesis, respectively. Homologs of FdmM and FdmM1 can be found in biosynthetic gene clusters of many other aromatic polyketides, ranging from dodecaketides to pentadecaketides, but to date all of them were annotated as proteins of unknown function. Based on the findings reported here for FdmM and FdmM1, we now propose similar functions for those proteins, and FdmM and FdmM1 therefore represent an emerging family of novel oxygenases responsible for hydroxylation of aromatic polyketide natural products.	1
Title: Characterization of FdmV as an amide synthetase for fredericamycin A biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus ATCC 43944 Abstract: Fredericamycin (FDM) A is a pentadecaketide natural product that features an amide linkage. Analysis of the fdm cluster from Streptomyces griseus ATCC 43944, however, failed to reveal genes encoding the types of amide synthetases commonly seen in natural product biosynthesis. Here, we report in vivo and in vitro characterizations of FdmV, an asparagine synthetase (AS) B-like protein, as an amide synthetase that catalyzes the amide bond formation in FDM A biosynthesis. This is supported by the findings that (i) inactivation of fdmV in vivo afforded the ΔfdmV mutant strain SB4027 that abolished FDM A and FDM E production but accumulated FDM C, a biosynthetic intermediate devoid of the characteristic amide linkage; (ii) FdmV in vitro catalyzes conversion of FDM C to FDM B, a known intermediate for FDM A biosynthesis (apparent K(m) = 162 ± 67 μM and k(cat) = 0.11 ± 0.02 min(-1)); and (iii) FdmV also catalyzes the amidation of FDM M-3, a structural analog of FDM C, to afford amide FDM M-6 in vitro, albeit at significantly reduced efficiency. Preliminary enzymatic studies revealed that, in addition to the common nitrogen sources (L-Gln and free amine) of class II glutamine amidotransferases (to which AS B belongs), FdmV can also utilize L-Asn as a nitrogen donor. The amide bond formation in FDM A biosynthesis is proposed to occur after C-8 hydroxylation but before the carbaspirocycle formation.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing and deduced functions of a cluster of Streptomyces genes probably encoding biosynthesis of the polyketide antibiotic frenolicin Abstract: A 10.2-kb fragment of DNA from Streptomyces roseofulvus, which contains polyketide synthase (PKS)-encoding genes (fren) presumed to determine production of the antibiotics frenolicin and the nanaomycins, was cloned. A 5530-bp continuous segment of this DNA was sequenced. Analysis of the sequence revealed five complete open reading frames (ORFs) transcribed in one direction (ORFs 1, 2, 3, 5, 4) and one (ORFX), located between ORF3 and ORF5, transcribed in the opposite direction. The deduced amino-acid sequences of ORFs 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 closely resemble the sequences of known components of the type-II PKS from other Streptomyces species: putative heterodimeric (ORF1 + 2) ketosynthase, acyl carrier protein, cyclase and ketoreductase, respectively. A resemblance between the N-terminal and C-terminal halves of the ORF4 product--also discovered in the corresponding genes from other isochromanequinone antibiotic producers--suggests a possible origin of the cyclase-encoding gene by duplication. ORFX appears to represent a novel class of genes of unknown function present not only in the fren cluster, but also in other clusters of aromatic antibiotic biosynthetic genes in Streptomyces species. The fren-ORF1-5 genes, encoding a PKS that constructs a nascent polyketide of either 16 or 18 carbons, compared with fixed lengths of 16 and 20 for other available examples, are proving to be valuable for understanding the mechanisms controlling polyketide chain length and patterns of reduction and cyclisation.	1
Title: The complete gene cluster of the antitumor agent gilvocarcin V and its implication for the biosynthesis of the gilvocarcins Abstract: Gilvocarcin V, an antitumor agent produced by the bacterium Streptomyces griseoflavus Gö 3592, is the most studied representative of the distinct family of benzo[d]naphtho[1,2-b]pyran-6-one aryl C-glycoside antibiotics, which show excellent antitumor activity and a remarkably low toxicity. Its biosynthesis contains many intriguing steps, including an oxidative rearrangement, the C-glycosylation, and the generation of a vinyl side chain. These steps all contribute to structural elements of the drug, which are essential for its biological activity, but only poorly understood. Herein we report the cloning and characterization of the gilvocarcin (gil) gene cluster from S. griseoflavus Gö 3592, and its heterologous expression in a foreign host (S. lividans). This is the first reported gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of a benzo[d]naphtho[1,2-b]pyran-6-one aryl C-glycoside antibiotic, which not only provides insights regarding the biosynthesis of gilvocarcin V but also lays the foundation for the detailed studies of its intriguing biosynthetic steps and possibly for the generation of gilvocarcin analogues with improved biological activities through combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Structure and deduced function of the granaticin-producing polyketide synthase gene cluster of Streptomyces violaceoruber Tü22 Abstract: A 6.5 kb region of DNA from Streptomyces violaceoruber, which contains polyketide synthase (PKS) genes for production of the benzoisochromane quinone moiety of the antibiotic, granaticin, was cloned and sequenced. Of six open reading frames (ORFs) identified, four (ORFs 1-4) would be transcribed in one direction and two (ORFs 5 and 6) divergently from ORFs 1-4. ORF1 and ORF2, which show evidence for translation coupling, encode (deduced) gene products which strongly resemble each other and the Escherichia coli fatty acid ketoacyl synthase (condensing enzyme), FabB. We conclude that ORF1 (which contains a characteristic cysteine residue) functions as a condensing enzyme, possibly as part of a heterodimeric protein including the product of ORF2. The predicted ORF3 gene product strikingly resembles acyl carrier proteins (ACPs) of fatty acid synthase (FAS), particularly in the region of the active site motif, while the predicted ORF5 and ORF6 gene products resemble known oxidoreductases, suggesting that they function as reductive steps required during assembly of the granaticin carbon skeleton. Comparison of the deduced ORF4 gene product with available protein databases failed to elucidate its potential function. The overall conclusion is that the granaticin-producing PKS would consist of at least six separate enzymes involved in carbon chain assembly, thus resembling a Type II, rather than a Type I, FAS.	1
Title: Identification of Streptomyces violaceoruber Tü22 genes involved in the biosynthesis of granaticin Abstract: A 50 kb region of DNA from Streptomyces violaceoruber Tü22, containing genes encoding proteins involved in the biosynthesis of granaticin, was isolated. The DNA sequence of a 7.3 kb fragment from this region, located approximately 10 kb from the genes that encode the polyketide synthetase responsible for formation of the benzoisochromane quinone skeleton, revealed five open reading frames (ORF1-ORF5). The deduced amino acid sequence of GraE, encoded by ORF2, shows 60.8% identity (75.2% similarity) to a dTDP-glucose dehydratase (StrE) from Streptomyces griseus. Cultures of Escherichia coli containing plasmids with ORF2, on a 2.1 kb BamHI fragment, were able to catalyze the formation of dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose from dTDP-glucose at 5 times the rate of control cultures, confirming that ORF2 encodes a dTDP-glucose dehydratase. The amino acid sequence encoded by ORF3 (GraD) is 51.4% identical (69.9% similar) to that of StrD, a dTDP-glucose synthase from Streptomyces griseus. The amino acid sequence encoded by ORF4 shares similarities with proteins that confer resistance to tetracycline and methylenomycin, and is suggested to be involved in transporting granaticin out of the cells by an active efflux mechanism.	1
Title: The granaticin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces violaceoruber Tü22: sequence analysis and expression in a heterologous host Abstract: Background:                       The granaticins are members of the benzoisochromanequinone class of aromatic polyketides, the best known member of which is actinorhodin made by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). Genetic analysis of this class of compounds has played a major role in the development of hypotheses about the way in which aromatic polyketide synthases (PKSs) control product structure. Although the granaticin nascent polyketide is identical to that of actinorhodin, post-PKS steps involve different pyran-ring stereochemistry and glycosylation. Comparison of the complete gene clusters for the two metabolites is therefore of great interest.                  Results:                       The entire granaticin gene cluster (the gra cluster) from Streptomyces violaceoruber T-22 was cloned on either of two overlapping cosmids and expressed in the heterologous host, Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), strain CH999. Chemical analysis of the recombinant strains demonstrated production of granaticin, granaticin B, dihydrogranaticin and dihydrogranaticin B, which are the four known metabolites of S. violaceoruber. Analysis of the complete 39,250 base pair sequence of the insert of one of the cosmids, pOJ466-22-24, revealed 37 complete open reading frames (ORFs), 15 of which resemble ORFs from the act (actinorhodin) gene cluster of S. coelicolor A3(2). Among the rest, nine resemble ORFs potentially involved in deoxysugar metabolism from Streptomyces spp. and other bacteria, and six resemble regulatory ORFs.                  Conclusions:                       On the basis of these resemblances, putative functional assignments of the products of most of the newly discovered ORFs were made, including those of genes involved in the PKS and tailoring steps in the biosynthesis of the granaticin aglycone, steps in the deoxy sugar pathway, and putative regulatory and export functions.	1
Title: Identification of the grincamycin gene cluster unveils divergent roles for GcnQ in different hosts, tailoring the L-rhodinose moiety Abstract: The gene cluster responsible for grincamycin (GCN, 1) biosynthesis in Streptomyces lusitanus SCSIO LR32 was identified; heterologous expression of the GCN cluster in S. coelicolor M512 yielded P-1894B (1b) as a predominant product. The ΔgcnQ mutant accumulates intermediate 1a and two shunt products 2a and 3a bearing L-rhodinose for L-cinerulose A substitutions. In vitro data demonstrated that GcnQ is capable of iteratively tailoring the two L-rhodinose moieties into L-aculose moieties, supporting divergent roles of GcnQ in different hosts.	1
Title: A gene cluster from a marine Streptomyces encoding the biosynthesis of the aromatic spiroketal polyketide griseorhodin A Abstract: The telomerase inhibitor griseorhodin A is probably the most heavily oxidized bacterial polyketide known and features a unique epoxyspiroketal moiety crucial for its activity. To gain insight into which tailoring enzymes generate this pharmacophore, we have cloned and fully sequenced the griseorhodin biosynthesis gene cluster. Among other unusual features, this aromatic polyketide synthase (PKS) system encodes an unprecedented number of functionally diverse oxidoreductases, which are involved in the oxidative modification of a polyaromatic tridecaketide precursor by cleavage of three carbon-carbon bonds. The cluster was highly unstable on a variety of shuttle plasmids but could finally be functionally expressed in its entirety in Streptomyces lividans using a novel integrative cosmid vector. The availability of the tailoring system now opens up the possibility of engineering nonnatural biosynthetic pathways yielding novel pharmacologically active analogs with a similar pharmacophore.	1
Title: Cleavage of four carbon-carbon bonds during biosynthesis of the griseorhodin a spiroketal pharmacophore Abstract: The rubromycins, such as gamma-rubromycin, heliquinomycin, and griseorhodin A, are a family of extensively modified aromatic polyketides that inhibit HIV reverse transcriptase and human telomerase. Telomerase inhibition crucially depends on the presence of a spiroketal moiety that is unique among aromatic polyketides. Biosynthetic incorporation of this pharmacophore into the rubromycins results in a dramatic distortion of the overall polyketide structure, but how this process is achieved by the cell has been obscure. To identify the enzymes involved in spiroketal construction, we generated 14 gene-deletion variants of the griseorhodin A biosynthetic gene cluster isolated from the tunicate-associated bacterium Streptomyces sp. JP95. Heterologous expression and metabolic analysis allowed for an assignment of most genes to various stages of griseorhodin tailoring and pharmacophore generation. The isolation of the novel advanced intermediate lenticulone, which exhibits cytotoxic, antibacterial, and elastase-inhibiting activity, provided direct evidence that the spiroketal is formed by cleavage of four carbon-carbon bonds in a pentangular polyketide precursor. This remarkable transformation is followed by an epoxidation catalyzed by an unusual cytochrome P450/NADPH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase pair that utilizes a saturated substrate. In addition, the absolute configuration of griseorhodin A was determined by quantum-chemical circular dichroism (CD) calculations in combination with experimental CD measurements.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, and analysis of the griseusin polyketide synthase gene cluster from Streptomyces griseus Abstract: A fragment of DNA was cloned from the Streptomyces griseus K-63 genome by using genes (act) for the actinorhodin polyketide synthase (PKS) of Streptomyces coelicolor as a probe. Sequencing of a 5.4-kb segment of the cloned DNA revealed a set of five gris open reading frames (ORFs), corresponding to the act PKS genes, in the following order: ORF1 for a ketosynthase, ORF2 for a chain length-determining factor, ORF3 for an acyl carrier protein, ORF5 for a ketoreductase, and ORF4 for a cyclase-dehydrase. Replacement of the gris genes with a marker gene in the S. griseus genome by using a single-stranded suicide vector propagated in Escherichia coli resulted in loss of the ability to produce griseusins A and B, showing that the five gris genes do indeed encode the type II griseusin PKS. These genes, encoding a PKS that is programmed differently from those for other aromatic PKSs so far available, will provide further valuable material for analysis of the programming mechanism by the construction and analysis of strains carrying hybrid PKS.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a gene cluster for hatomarubigin biosynthesis in Streptomyces sp. strain 2238-SVT4 Abstract: Streptomyces sp. strain 2238-SVT4 produces hatomarubigins A, B, C, and D, which belong to the angucycline family. Among them, hatomarubigin D has a unique dimeric structure with a methylene linkage. PCR using aromatase and cyclase gene-specific primers identified the hrb gene cluster for angucycline biosynthesis in Streptomyces sp. 2238-SVT4. The cluster consisted of 30 open reading frames, including those for the minimal polyketide synthase, ketoreductase, aromatase, cyclase, O-methyltransferase, oxidoreductase, and oxygenase genes. Expression of a part of the gene cluster containing hrbR1 to hrbX in Streptomyces lividans TK23 resulted in the production of hatomarubigins A, B, and C. Hatomarubigin D was obtained from the conversion of hatomarubigin C by a purified enzyme encoded by hrbY, among the remaining genes.	1
Title: The hedamycin locus implicates a novel aromatic PKS priming mechanism Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the pluramycin-type antitumor antibiotic hedamycin has been cloned from Streptomyces griseoruber. Sequence analysis of the 45.6 kb region revealed a variety of unique features such as a fabH homolog (KSIII), an acyltransferase (AT) gene, a set of type I polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, and two putative C-glycosyltransferase genes. As the first report of the cloning of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the pluramycin antibiotics, this work suggests that the biosynthesis of pluramycins utilize an iterative type I PKS system for the generation of a novel starter unit that subsequently primes the type II PKS system. It also implicates the involvement of a second catalytic ketosynthase (KSIII) to regulate this unusual priming step. Gene disruption is used to confirm the importance of both type I and II PKS genes for the biosynthesis of hedamycin.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of polyketide synthase genes for jadomycin B biosynthesis in Streptomyces venezuelae ISP5230 Abstract: Hybridizing fragments in the genomic DNA of Streptomyces venezuelae ISP5230, which produces the jadomycin group of angucycline antibiotics, were detected by probing with actI DNA from Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). The hybridizing regions were isolated from a 16.5 kb insert of S. venezuelae DNA recovered from a genomic library cloned in a lambda replacement vector. Subcloning and sequencing of a 4.8 kb segment of the insert, containing regions hybridizing to actIII as well as actI, identified five open reading frames (ORFs). The deduced polypeptide products of the ORFs closely resemble in sequence the components of streptomycete type-II polyketide synthases (PKSs): the ORF1 product corresponds to the ketoacyl synthase, and the ORF2 product to a polypeptide closely related to the ketoacyl synthase and involved in determining chain length; the ORF3 product matches the acyl carrier protein; ORF4 encodes a bifunctional cyclase/dehydrase; and ORF5 encodes a ketoreductase. Integration into the chromosomal DNA of a plasmid containing a segment of the ORF2-ORF4 region severely depressed jadomycin B biosynthesis; since the integrant showed no change in growth or spore pigmentation, the cloned PKS genes are presumed to encode enzymes in the pathway for jadomycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genomic sequence-based discovery of novel angucyclinone antibiotics from marine Streptomyces sp. W007 Abstract: A large number of novel bioactive compounds were discovered from microbial secondary metabolites based on the traditional bioactivity screenings. Recent fermentation studies indicated that the crude extract of marine Streptomyces sp. W007 possessed great potential in agricultural fungal disease control against Phomopsis asparagi, Polystigma deformans, Cladosporium cucumerinum, Monilinia fructicola, and Colletotrichum lagenarium. To further evaluate the biosynthetic potential of secondary metabolites, we sequenced the genome of Streptomyces sp. W007 and analyzed the identifiable secondary metabolite gene clusters. Moreover, one gene cluster with type II PKS implied the possibility of Streptomyces sp. W007 to produce aromatic polyketide of angucyclinone antibiotics. Therefore, two novel compounds, 3-hydroxy-1-keto-3-methyl-8-methoxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-benz[α]anthracene and kiamycin with potent cytotoxicities against human cancer cell lines, were isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. W007. In addition, other four known angucyclinone antibiotics were obtained. The gene cluster for these angucyclinone antibiotics could be assigned to 20 genes. This work provides powerful evidence for the interplay between genomic analysis and traditional natural product isolation research.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of genes from the kinamycin biosynthetic pathway of Streptomyces murayamaensis Abstract: The genes for most of the biosynthesis of the kinamycin antibiotics have been cloned and heterologously expressed. Genomic DNA of Streptomyces murayamaensis was partially digested with MboI and a library of approximately 40 kb fragments in E. coli XL1-BlueMR was prepared using the cosmid vector pOJ446. Hybridization with the actI probe from the actinorhodin polyketide synthase genes identified two clusters of polyketide genes. After transferal of these clusters to S. lividans ZX7, expression of one cluster was established by HPLC with photodiode array detection. Peaks were identified from the kin cluster for dehydrorabelomycin, kinobscurinone, and stealthin C, which are known intermediates in kinamycin biosynthesis. Two shunt metabolites, kinafluorenone and seongomycin were also identified. The structure of the latter was determined from a quantity obtained from large-scale fermentation of one of the clones.	1
Title: Biosynthetic investigations of lactonamycin and lactonamycin z: cloning of the biosynthetic gene clusters and discovery of an unusual starter unit Abstract: The antibiotics lactonamycin and lactonamycin Z provide attractive leads for antibacterial drug development. Both antibiotics contain a novel aglycone core called lactonamycinone. To gain insight into lactonamycinone biosynthesis, cloning and precursor incorporation experiments were undertaken. The lactonamycin gene cluster was initially cloned from Streptomyces rishiriensis. Sequencing of ca. 61 kb of S. rishiriensis DNA revealed the presence of 57 open reading frames. These included genes coding for the biosynthesis of l-rhodinose, the sugar found in lactonamycin, and genes similar to those in the tetracenomycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Since lactonamycin production by S. rishiriensis could not be sustained, additional proof for the identity of the S. rishiriensis cluster was obtained by cloning the lactonamycin Z gene cluster from Streptomyces sanglieri. Partial sequencing of the S. sanglieri cluster revealed 15 genes that exhibited a very high degree of similarity to genes within the lactonamycin cluster, as well as an identical organization. Double-crossover disruption of one gene in the S. sanglieri cluster abolished lactonamycin Z production, and production was restored by complementation. These results confirm the identity of the genetic locus cloned from S. sanglieri and indicate that the highly similar locus in S. rishiriensis encodes lactonamycin biosynthetic genes. Precursor incorporation experiments with S. sanglieri revealed that lactonamycinone is biosynthesized in an unusual manner whereby glycine or a glycine derivative serves as a starter unit that is extended by nine acetate units. Analysis of the gene clusters and of the precursor incorporation data suggested a hypothetical scheme for lactonamycinone biosynthesis.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a gene cluster from Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 probably involved in landomycin biosynthesis Abstract: From a cosmid library of Streptomyces cyanogenus S136, DNA fragments encompassing approximately 35 kb of the presumed landomycin biosynthetic gene cluster were identified and sequenced, revealing 32 open reading frames most of which could be assigned through data base comparison.	1
Title: Elucidation of post-PKS tailoring steps involved in landomycin biosynthesis Abstract: The functional roles of all proposed enzymes involved in the post-PKS redox reactions of the biosynthesis of various landomycin aglycones were thoroughly studied, both in vivo and in vitro. The results revealed that LanM2 acts as a dehydratase and is responsible for concomitant release of the last PKS-tethered intermediate to yield prejadomycin (10). Prejadomycin (10) was confirmed to be a general pathway intermediate of the biosynthesis. Oxygenase LanE and the reductase LanV are sufficient to convert 10 into 11-deoxylandomycinone (5) in the presence of NADH. LanZ4 is a reductase providing reduced flavin (FMNH) co-factor to the partner enzyme LanZ5, which controls all remaining steps. LanZ5, a bifunctional oxygenase-dehydratase, is a key enzyme directing landomycin biosynthesis. It catalyzes hydroxylation at the 11-position preferentially only after the first glycosylation step, and requires the presence of LanZ4. In the absence of such a glycosylation, LanZ5 catalyzes C5,6-dehydration, leading to the production of anhydrolandomycinone (8) or tetrangulol (9). The overall results provided a revised pathway for the biosynthesis of the four aglycones that are found in various congeners of the landomycin group.	1
Title: Properties of lanK-based regulatory circuit involved in landomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 Abstract: LanK is TetR-like regulatory protein recently shown to regulate the export and glycosylation of landomycins in Streptomyces cyanogenus S136. Here, several properties of the lanK-mediated regulation were deciphered. LanK seems to function as oligomer as evident from experiments in vitro. In vivo, it is able to recognize various landomycins with altered aglycon structure and the minimal concentration of landomycin A sensed by LanK lies in low nanomolar range. Coexpression studies showed that the positive regulatory gene lanI upregulates lanK-dependent lan genes once the negative LanK-regulation is cancelled. Gene lanK can be useful for the construction of biosensor strains for sensitive and specific identification of producers of landomycin-like molecules with long glycosidic chains.	1
Title: Coordination of export and glycosylation of landomycins in Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 Abstract: In Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 gene cluster for biosynthesis of polyglycosylated angucycline landomycin A (LaA), a divergently oriented gene pair for a TetR-family regulator (lanK) and an efflux protein (lanJ) is located, whose functions remained obscure. Overexpression and disruption studies showed that lanK and lanJ genes control LaA resistance. Also, a constitutive lanK overexpression led to predominant accumulation of LaA precursors bearing shorter glycoside chains. These data as well as the results of in vitro and in vivo assays of LanK activity are consistent with the idea that LanK represses lanJ and some downstream genes involved in conversion of landomycin D (a disaccharide LaA precursor) into LaA. LaA and some of its precursors accumulate in the producing cell and relieve repression by LanK, thus amplifying the biosynthesis and export of landomycins with long glycoside chains. Therefore, the main biological role of LanK appears to be the inhibition of premature extrusion of early LaA precursors from the cells, which in turn creates the optimal conditions for accumulation of LaA as the major landomycin in S. cyanogenus S136.	1
Title: Function of lanI in regulation of landomycin A biosynthesis in Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 and cross-complementation studies with Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory proteins encoding genes Abstract: The transcriptional regulator of landomycin A biosynthesis encoded by lanI gene has been inactivated within the chromosome of Streptomyces cyanogenus S136. The obtained mutant strain did not produce landomycin A and its known intermediates. Loss of landomycin A production caused significant changes in morphology of the lanI deficient strain. RT-PCR analysis confirmed complete cessation of transcription of certain lan genes, including lanJ (encoding putative proton dependent transporter) and lanK (presumably involved in lanJ expression regulation). Introduction of either lanI or lndI [lanI homologue controlling landomycin E biosynthesis in Streptomyces globisporus 1912, both encoding Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory proteins (SARPs)] restored landomycin A production in the mutant strain. Chimeric constructs ladI and ladR were generated by exchanging the DNA sequences corresponding to N- and C-terminal parts of LndI and LanI. None of these genes were able to activate the production of landomycins in regulatory mutants of S. cyanogenus and S. globisporus. Nevertheless, the production of novel unidentified compound was observed in the case of S. cyanogenus harboring ladI gene. Various genes encoding SARPs have been expressed in S. globisporus and S. cyanogenus regulatory mutants and the results of these complementation experiments are discussed.	1
Title: Generation of new landomycins by combinatorial biosynthetic manipulation of the LndGT4 gene of the landomycin E cluster in S. globisporus Abstract: A 3 kb DNA fragment from the Streptomyces globisporus 1912 landomycin E (LaE) biosynthetic gene cluster (lnd) was completely sequenced. Three open reading frames were identified, lndGT4, lndZ4, and lndZ5, whose probable translation products resemble a glycosyltransferase, a reductase, and a hydroxylase, respectively. Studies of generated mutants from disruption and complementation experiments involving the lndGT4 gene allowed us to determine that LndGT4 controls the terminal L-rhodinose sugar attachment during LaE biosynthesis and that LndZ4/LndZ5 are responsible for the unique C11-hydroxylation of the landomycins. Generation of the novel landomycins F, G, and H in the course of these studies provided evidence for the flexibility of lnd glycosyltransferases toward their acceptor substrates and a basis for initial structure-activity relationships within the landomycin family of antibiotics.	1
Title: LanV, a bifunctional enzyme: aromatase and ketoreductase during landomycin A biosynthesis Abstract: LanV is involved in the biosynthesis of landomycin A. The exact function of this enzyme was elucidated with combinatorial biosynthesis by using Streptomyces fradiae mutants that produce urdamycin A. After expression of lanV in S. fradiae DeltaurdM, which is a mutant that accumulates rabelomycin, urdamycinon B and urdamycin B were found to be produced by the strain. This result indicates that LanV is involved in the 6-ketoreduction of the angucycline core, which preceeds a 5,6-dehydration reaction. 9-C-D-Olivosyltetrangulol was also produced by this strain; this demonstrates that LanV catalyses the aromatization of ring A of the angucycline structure. Coexpression of lanV and lanGT2 in S. fradiae AO, a mutant that lacks all four urdamycin glycosyltransferases, resulted in the production of tetrangulol and the glycoside landomycin H, both of which have an aromatic ring A. As glycosylated angucyclines were not observed after expression of lanGT2 in the absence of lanV, we conclude that LanGT2 needs an aromatized ring A for substrate recognition.	1
Title: Iteratively acting glycosyltransferases involved in the hexasaccharide biosynthesis of landomycin A Abstract: Detailed studies on the biosynthesis of the hexasaccharide side chain of landomycin A, produced by S. cyanogenus S136, revealed the function of each glycosyltransferase gene of the biosynthetic gene cluster. Analyses of generated mutants as well as feeding experiments allowed us to determine that LanGT2 and LanGT3 catalyze the attachment of one sugar, whereas LanGT1 and LanGT4 attach two sugars during landomycin A biosynthesis. The generation of a lanZ2 deletion mutant provided evidence that LanZ2 is controlling the elongation of the saccharide side chain.	1
Title: Differences in the substrate specificity of glycosyltransferases involved in landomycins A and E biosynthesis Abstract: A lanGT4 mutant of the landomycin A producer Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 was constructed, leading to the production of landomycin D with two deoxy sugars in the side chain and proving that LanGT4 is responsible for attaching the third deoxy sugar of the hexasaccharide side chain. Heterologous expression of lndGT4 of the landomycin E producer Streptomyces globisporus 1912 in the lanGT4 mutant restored landomycin A production, indicating that LndGT4, like LanGT4, also has the ability to work iteratively. A S. cyanogenus S136 mutant with a mutation in lanGT1, encoding a D: -olivosyltransferase, was shown to produce landomycin I with one deoxy sugar and, surprisingly, a new landomycin derivative (landomycin L) containing a D: -olivose followed by an L: -rhodinose. Heterologous expression of lndGT1 of S. globisporus 1912 in the lanGT1 mutant did not restore landomycin A production but led to the formation of a second new landomycin derivative (landomycin K) containing an unusual pentasaccharide chain (D: -olivose-D: -olivose-L: -rhodinose-D: -olivose-L: -rhodinose). The formation of landomycin L and landomycin K is most probably attributed to the high substrate flexibility of the rhodinosyltransferase LanGT4.	1
Title: Elucidation of the function of two glycosyltransferase genes (lanGT1 and lanGT4) involved in landomycin biosynthesis and generation of new oligosaccharide antibiotics Abstract: Background:                       The genetic engineering of antibiotic-producing Streptomyces strains is an approach that became a successful methodology in developing new natural polyketide derivatives. Glycosyltransferases are important biosynthetic enzymes that link sugar moieties to aglycones, which often derive from polyketides. Biological activity is frequently generated along with this process. Here we report the use of glycosyltransferase genes isolated from the landomycin biosynthetic gene cluster to create hybrid landomycin/urdamycin oligosaccharide antibiotics.                  Results:                       Production of several novel urdamycin derivatives by a mutant of Streptomyces fradiae Tü2717 has been achieved in a combinatorial biosynthetic approach using glycosyltransferase genes from the landomycin producer Streptomyces cyanogenus S136. For the generation of gene cassettes useful for combinatorial biosynthesis experiments new vectors named pMUNI, pMUNII and pMUNIII were constructed. These vectors facilitate the construction of gene combinations taking advantage of the compatible MunI and EcoRI restriction sites.                  Conclusions:                       The high-yielding production of novel oligosaccharide antibiotics using glycosyltransferase gene cassettes generated in a very convenient way proves that glycosyltransferases can be flexible towards the alcohol substrate. In addition, our results indicate that LanGT1 from S. cyanogenus S136 is a D-olivosyltransferase, whereas LanGT4 is a L-rhodinosyltransferase.	1
Title: LanGT2 Catalyzes the First Glycosylation Step during landomycin A biosynthesis Abstract: The glycosyltransferase LanGT2 is involved in the biosynthesis of the hexasaccharide side chain of the angucyclic antibiotic landomycin A. Its function was elucidated by targeted gene inactivation of lanGT2. The main metabolite of the obtained mutant was identified as tetrangulol (4), the progenitor of the landomycin aglycon (7). The lack of the sugar side chain indicates that LanGT2 catalyzes the priming glycosyl transfer in the hexasaccharide biosynthesis: the attachment of a D-olivose to O-8 of the polyketide backbone. Heterologous expression of urdGT2 from S. fradiae Tü2717 in this mutant resulted in the production of a novel C-glycosylated angucycline (6).	1
Title: Function of lanGT3, a glycosyltransferase gene involved in landomycin A biosynthesis Abstract: The glycosyltransferase gene lanGT3, involved in the biosynthesis of the angucyclic antibiotic landomycin A, has been characterised by targeted gene deletion. A lanGT3 mutant was shown to produce landomycin E, which consists of a trisaccharide side chain attached to the polyketide moiety. Expression of lanGT3 in the mutant restored landomycin A production. Our results indicate that LanGT3 is responsible for the transfer of the fourth sugar during landomycin A biosynthesis.	1
Title: Bioactivity-guided genome mining reveals the lomaiviticin biosynthetic gene cluster in Salinispora tropica Abstract: The use of genome sequences has become routine in guiding the discovery and identification of microbial natural products and their biosynthetic pathways. In silico prediction of molecular features, such as metabolic building blocks, physico-chemical properties or biological functions, from orphan gene clusters has opened up the characterization of many new chemo- and genotypes in genome mining approaches. Here, we guided our genome mining of two predicted enediyne pathways in Salinispora tropica CNB-440 by a DNA interference bioassay to isolate DNA-targeting enediyne polyketides. An organic extract of S. tropica showed DNA-interference activity that surprisingly was not abolished in genetic mutants of the targeted enediyne pathways, ST_pks1 and spo. Instead we showed that the product of the orphan type II polyketide synthase pathway, ST_pks2, is solely responsible for the DNA-interfering activity of the parent strain. Subsequent comparative metabolic profiling revealed the lomaiviticins, glycosylated diazofluorene polyketides, as the ST_pks2 products. This study marks the first report of the 59 open reading frame lomaiviticin gene cluster (lom) and supports the biochemical logic of their dimeric construction through a pathway related to the kinamycin monomer.	1
Title: Discovery of the lomaiviticin biosynthetic gene cluster in Salinispora pacifica Abstract: The lomaiviticins are a family of cytotoxic marine natural products that have captured the attention of both synthetic and biological chemists due to their intricate molecular scaffolds and potent biological activities. Here we describe the identification of the gene cluster responsible for lomaiviticin biosynthesis in Salinispora pacifica strains DPJ-0016 and DPJ-0019 using a combination of molecular approaches and genome sequencing. The link between the lom gene cluster and lomaiviticin production was confirmed using bacterial genetics, and subsequent analysis and annotation of this cluster revealed the biosynthetic basis for the core polyketide scaffold. Additionally, we have used comparative genomics to identify candidate enzymes for several unusual tailoring events, including diazo formation and oxidative dimerization. These findings will allow further elucidation of the biosynthetic logic of lomaiviticin assembly and provide useful molecular tools for application in biocatalysis and synthetic biology.	1
Title: Lomaiviticin biosynthesis employs a new strategy for starter unit generation Abstract: Lomaiviticin biosynthesis is thought to utilize a propionyl starter unit for a type II polyketide synthase (PKS). Discovery of the lomaiviticin (lom) biosynthetic gene cluster suggested an unusual method for starter unit generation involving a bifunctional acyltransferase/decarboxylase (AT/DC) thus far observed only in type I PKS pathways. In vitro biochemical characterization of AT/DC Lom62 confirmed its ability to generate a propionyl-acyl carrier protein (ACP), revealing a new role for this enzymatic activity within natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Isolation of the lysolipin gene cluster of Streptomyces tendae Tü 4042 Abstract: Streptomyces tendae Tü 4042 produces the aromatic polyketide antibiotic lysolipin. Lysolipin has strong antibacterial activity against a variety of multidrug-resistant pathogens. The complete lysolipin biosynthetic gene cluster was isolated and fully sequenced. Within a 42-kb genomic region, 42 genes were identified that code for a type II polyketide synthase (llpF, E, and D), cyclases (llpCI-CIII), methyltransferases (llpMI-MVI), a halogenase (llpH), an amidotransferase (llpA), a ferredoxin (llpK), a transporter (llpN) and regulatory proteins (llpRI-RV). In addition, 15 genes encoding enzymes involved in redox modifications of the polyketide precursor molecule (llpOI-OVIII, ZI-ZIV, U, L, and S) were present in the lysolipin biosynthetic gene cluster. With this high number of oxidoreductases, lysolipin is among the most highly modified aromatic polyketides known to date. The heterologous expression of the cluster in Streptomyces albus led to lysolipin production with a yield comparable to that of wild-type, indicating that all biosynthetic genes were successfully cloned.	1
Title: Genetic localization and molecular characterization of the nonS gene required for macrotetrolide biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus DSM40695 Abstract: The macrotetrolides are a family of cyclic polyethers derived from tetramerization, in a stereospecific fashion, of the enantiomeric nonactic acid (NA) and its homologs. Isotope labeling experiments established that NA is of polyketide origin, and biochemical investigations demonstrated that 2-methyl-6,8-dihydroxynon-2E-enoic acid can be converted into NA by a cell-free preparation from Streptomyces lividans that expresses nonS. These results lead to the hypothesis that macrotetrolide biosynthesis involves a pair of enantiospecific polyketide pathways. In this work, a 55-kb contiguous DNA region was cloned from Streptomyces griseus DSM40695, a 6.3-kb fragment of which was sequenced to reveal five open reading frames, including the previously reported nonR and nonS genes. Inactivation of nonS in vivo completely abolished macrotetrolide production. Complementation of the nonS mutant by the expression of nonS in trans fully restored its macrotetrolide production ability, with a distribution of individual macrotetrolides similar to that for the wild-type producer. In contrast, fermentation of the nonS mutant in the presence of exogenous (+/-)-NA resulted in the production of nonactin, monactin, and dinactin but not in the production of trinactin and tetranactin. These results prove the direct involvement of nonS in macrotetrolide biosynthesis. The difference in macrotetrolide production between in vivo complementation of the nonS mutant by the plasmid-borne nonS gene and fermentation of the nonS mutant in the presence of exogenously added (+/-)-NA suggests that NonS catalyzes the formation of (-)-NA and its homologs, supporting the existence of a pair of enantiospecific polyketide pathways for macrotetrolide biosynthesis in S. griseus. The latter should provide a model that can be used to study the mechanism by which polyketide synthase controls stereochemistry during polyketide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing and heterologous expression of the medermycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces sp. AM-7161: towards comparative analysis of the benzoisochromanequinone gene clusters Abstract: Medermycin is a Streptomyces aromatic C-glycoside antibiotic classified in the benzoisochromanequinones (BIQs), which presents several interesting biosynthetic problems concerning polyketide synthase (PKS), post-PKS tailoring and deoxysugar pathways. The biosynthetic gene cluster for medermycin (the med cluster) was cloned from Streptomyces sp. AM-7161. Completeness of the clone was proved by the heterologous expression of a cosmid carrying the entire med cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor CH999 to produce medermycin. The DNA sequence of the cosmid (36 202 bp) revealed 34 complete ORFs, with an incomplete ORF at either end. Functional assignment of the deduced products was made for PKS and biosynthetically related enzymes, tailoring steps including strereochemical control, oxidation, angolosamine pathway, C-glycosylation, and regulation. The med cluster was estimated to be about 30 kb long, covering 29 ORFs. An unusual characteristic of the cluster is the disconnected organization of the minimal PKS genes: med-ORF23 encoding the acyl carrier protein is 20 kb apart from med-ORF1 and med-ORF2 for the two ketosynthase components. Secondly, the six genes (med-ORF14, 15, 16, 17, 18 and 20) for the biosynthesis of the deoxysugar, angolosamine, are all contiguous. Finally, the finding of a glycosyltransferase gene, med-ORF8, suggests a possible involvement of conventional C-glycosylation in medermycin biosynthesis. Comparison among the three complete BIQ gene clusters - med and those for actinorhodin (act) and granaticin (gra) - revealed some common genes whose deduced functions are unavailable from database searches (the 'unknowns'). An example is med-ORF5, a homologue of actVI-ORF3 and gra-ORF18, which was highlighted by a recent proteomic analysis of S. coelicolor A3(2).	1
Title: Characterization of Streptomyces argillaceus genes encoding a polyketide synthase involved in the biosynthesis of the antitumor mithramycin Abstract: Mithramycin (Mtm) is an aromatic polyketide which shows antibacterial and antitumor activity. From a chromosomal cosmid library of Streptomyces argillaceus, a Mtm producer, a clone (cosAR7) was isolated by homology to the actI/III region of S. coelicolor and the strDEM genes of S. griseus. From this clone, a 5.3-kb DNA region was sequenced and found to encode six open reading frames (designated as mtmQXPKST1), five of them transcribed in the same direction. The deduced products of five of these genes resembled components of type-II polyketide synthases. The mtm genes would code for an aromatase (mtmQ), a polypeptide of unknown function (mtmX), a beta-ketoacylsynthase (mtmP) and a related 'chain length factor' (mtmK), an acyl carrier protein (mtmS) and a beta-ketoreductase (mtmT1). The involvement of this gene cluster in Mtm biosynthesis was demonstrated by the Mtm non-producing phenotype of mutants generated in two independent insertional inactivation experiments.	1
Title: Cloning and insertional inactivation of Streptomyces argillaceus genes involved in the earliest steps of biosynthesis of the sugar moieties of the antitumor polyketide mithramycin Abstract: Two genes (mtmD and mtmE) were cloned and sequenced from the mithramycin producer Streptomyces argillaceus. Comparison with proteins in databases and enzymatic assays after expression in Escherichia coli showed that they encode a glucose-1-phosphate:TTP thymidylyl transferase and a TDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase, respectively. The mtmD gene was inactivated by gene replacement, generating a nonproducing mutant that accumulates a tetracyclic compound designated premithramycinone. The identification of premithramycinone reveals new aspects of the mithramycin biosynthetic pathway and suggests that at least some glycosylations occur before breakage of the fourth ring.	1
Title: Analysis of two chromosomal regions adjacent to genes for a type II polyketide synthase involved in the biosynthesis of the antitumor polyketide mithramycin in Streptomyces argillaceus Abstract: Mithramycin is an aromatic antitumour polyketide synthesized by Streptomyces argillaceus. Two chromosomal regions located upstream and downstream of the locus for the mithramycin type II polyketide synthase were cloned and sequenced. Analysis of the sequence revealed the presence of eight genes encoding three oxygenases (mtmOI, mtmOII and mtmOIII), three reductases (mtmTI, mtmTII and mtmTIII), a cyclase (mtm Y) and an acyl CoA ligase (mtmL). The three oxygenase genes were each inactivated by gene replacement. Inactivation of one of them (mtmOII) generated a non-producing mutant, while inactivation of the other two (mtmOl and mtmOIII) did not affect the biosynthesis of mithramycin. The mtmOII gene may code for an oxygenase responsible for the introduction of oxygen atoms at early steps in the biosynthesis of mithramycin leading to 4-demethylpremithramycinone. One of the reductases may be responsible for reductive cleavage of an intermediate from an enzyme and another for the reduction of a keto group in the side-chain of the mithramycin aglycon moiety. A hypothetical biosynthetic pathway showing in particular the involvement of oxygenase MtmOII and of various other gene products in mithramycin biosynthesis is proposed.	1
Title: The mtmVUC genes of the mithramycin gene cluster in Streptomyces argillaceus are involved in the biosynthesis of the sugar moieties Abstract: Mithramycin is a glycosylated aromatic polyketide produced by Streptomyces argillaceus, and is used as an antitumor drug. Three genes (mtmV, mtmU and mtmC) from the mithramycin gene cluster have been cloned, and characterized by DNA sequencing and by analysis of the products that accumulate in nonproducing mutants, which were generated by insertional inactivation of these genes. The mtm V gene codes for a 2,3-dehydratase that catalyzes early and common steps in the biosynthesis of the three sugars found in mithramycin (D-olivose, D-oliose and D-mycarose); its inactivation caused the accumulation of the nonglycosylated intermediate premithramycinone. The mtmU gene codes for a 4-ketoreductase involved in D-oliose biosynthesis, and its inactivation resulted in the accumulation of premithramycinone and premithramycin A , the first glycosylated intermediate which contains a D-olivose unit. The third gene, mtmC, is involved in D-mycarose biosynthesis and codes for a C-methyltransferase. Two mutants with lesions in the mtmC gene accumulated mithramycin intermediates lacking the D-mycarose moiety but containing D-olivose units attached to C-12a in which the 4-keto group is unreduced. This suggests that mtmC could code for a second enzyme activity, probably a D-olivose 4-ketoreductase, and that the glycosyltransferase responsible for the incorporation of D-olivose (MtmGIV) shows some degree of flexibility with respect to its sugar co-substrate, since the 4-ketoanalog is also transferred. A pathway is proposed for the biosynthesis of the three sugar moieties in mithramycin.	1
Title: Deciphering the biosynthetic origin of the aglycone of the aureolic acid group of anti-tumor agents Abstract: Background:                       Mithramycin, chromomycin, and olivomycin belong to the aureolic acid family of clinically important anti-tumor agents. These natural products share a common aromatic aglycone. Although isotope labeling studies have firmly established the polyketide origin of this aglycone, they do not distinguish between alternative biosynthetic models in which the aglycone is derived from one, two or three distinct polyketide moieties. We set out to determine the biosynthetic origin of this moiety using a recombinant approach in which the ketosynthase and chain-length factor proteins from the antibiotic-producer strain, which determine the chain length of a polyketide, are produced in a heterologous bacterial host.                  Results:                       The ketosynthase and chain-length factor genes from the polyketide synthase gene cluster from the mithramycin producer, Streptomyces argillaceus ATCC 12956, and the acyl carrier protein and ketoreductase genes from the actinorhodin polyketide synthase were expressed in Streptomyces coelicolor CH999. The recombinant strain produced a 20-carbon polyketide, comprising the complete backbone of the aglycone of mithramycin.                  Conclusions:                       The aglycone moieties of mithramycin, chromomycin, and olivomycin are derived from a single polyketide backbone. The nascent polyketide backbone must undergo a series of regiospecific cyclizations to form a tetracenomycin-like tetracyclic intermediate. The final steps in the aglycone biosynthetic pathway presumably involve decarboxylation and oxidative cleavage between C-18 and C-19, followed by additional oxidation, reduction, and methylation reactions.	1
Title: Folding of the polyketide chain is not dictated by minimal polyketide synthase in the biosynthesis of mithramycin and anthracycline Abstract: Background:                       Mithramycin, nogalamycin and aclacinomycins are aromatic polyketide antibiotics that exhibit antitumour activity. The precursors of these antibiotics are formed via a polyketide biosynthetic pathway in which acetate (for mithramycinone and nogalamycinone) or propionate (for aklavinone) is used as a starter unit and nine acetates are used as extender units. The assembly of building blocks is catalyzed by the minimal polyketide synthase (PKS). Further steps include regiospecific reductions (if any) and cyclization. In the biosynthesis of mithramycin, however, ketoreduction is omitted and the regiospecificity of the first cyclization differs from that of anthracycline antibiotics (e.g. nogalamycin and aclacinomycins). These significant differences provide a convenient means to analyze the determinants for the regiospecificity of the first cyclization step.                  Results:                       In order to analyze a possible role of the minimal PKS in the regiospecificity of the first cyclization in polyketide biosynthesis, we expressed the mtm locus, which includes mithramycin minimal PKS genes, in Streptomyces galilaeus, which normally makes aclacinomycins, and the sno locus, which includes nogalamycin minimal PKS genes, in Streptomyces argillaceus, which normally makes mithramycin. The host strains are defective in the minimal PKS, but they express other antibiotic biosynthesis genes. Expression of the sno minimal PKS in the S. argillaceus polyketide-deficient strain generated mithramycin production. Auramycins, instead of aclacinomycins, accumulated in the recombinant S. galilaeus strains, suggesting that the mithramycin minimal PKS is responsible for the choice of starter unit. We also describe structural analysis of the compounds accumulated by a ketoreductase-deficient S. galilaeus mutant; spectroscopic studies on the major polyketide compound that accumulated revealed a first ring closure which is not typical of anthracyclines, suggesting an important role for the ketoreductase in the regiospecificity of the first cyclization.                  Conclusions:                       These experiments clearly support the involvement of ketoreductase and a cyclase in the regiospecific cyclization of the biosynthetic pathway for aromatic polyketides.	1
Title: Identification of two genes from Streptomyces argillaceus encoding glycosyltransferases involved in transfer of a disaccharide during biosynthesis of the antitumor drug mithramycin Abstract: Mithramycin is an antitumor polyketide drug produced by Streptomyces argillaceus that contains two deoxysugar chains, a disaccharide consisting of two D-olivoses and a trisaccharide consisting of a D-olivose, a D-oliose, and a D-mycarose. From a cosmid clone (cosAR3) which confers resistance to mithramycin in streptomycetes, a 3-kb PstI-XhoI fragment was sequenced, and two divergent genes (mtmGI and mtmGII) were identified. Comparison of the deduced products of both genes with proteins in databases showed similarities with glycosyltransferases and glucuronosyltransferases from different sources, including several glycosyltransferases involved in sugar transfer during antibiotic biosynthesis. Both genes were independently inactivated by gene replacement, and the mutants generated (M3G1 and M3G2) did not produce mithramycin. High-performance liquid chromatography analysis of ethyl acetate extracts of culture supernatants of both mutants showed the presence of several peaks with the characteristic spectra of mithramycin biosynthetic intermediates. Four compounds were isolated from both mutants by preparative high-performance liquid chromatography, and their structures were elucidated by physicochemical methods. The structures of these compounds were identical in both mutants, and the compounds are suggested to be glycosylated intermediates of mithramycin biosynthesis with different numbers of sugar moieties attached to C-12a-O of a tetracyclic mithramycin precursor and to C-2-O of mithramycinone: three tetracyclic intermediates containing one sugar (premithramycin A1), two sugars (premithramycin A2), or three sugars (premithramycin A3) and one tricyclic intermediate containing a trisaccharide chain (premithramycin A4). It is proposed that the glycosyltransferases encoded by mtmGI and mtmGII are responsible for forming and transferring the disaccharide during mithramycin biosynthesis. From the structures of the new metabolites, a new biosynthetic sequence regarding late steps of mithramycin biosynthesis can be suggested, a sequence which includes glycosyl transfer steps prior to the final shaping of the aglycone moiety of mithramycin.	1
Title: The mithramycin gene cluster of Streptomyces argillaceus contains a positive regulatory gene and two repeated DNA sequences that are located at both ends of the cluster Abstract: Sequencing of a 4.3-kb DNA region from the chromosome of Streptomyces argillaceus, a mithramycin producer, revealed the presence of two open reading frames (ORFs). The first one (orfA) codes for a protein that resembles several transport proteins. The second one (mtmR) codes for a protein similar to positive regulators involved in antibiotic biosynthesis (DnrI, SnoA, ActII-orf4, CcaR, and RedD) belonging to the Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory protein (SARP) family. Both ORFs are separated by a 1.9-kb, apparently noncoding region. Replacement of the mtmR region by an antibiotic resistance cassette completely abolished mithramycin biosynthesis. Expression of mtmR in a high-copy-number vector in S. argillaceus caused a 16-fold increase in mithramycin production. The mtmR gene restored actinorhodin production in Streptomyces coelicolor JF1 mutant, in which the actinorhodin-specific activator ActII-orf4 is inactive, and also stimulated actinorhodin production by Streptomyces lividans TK21. A 241-bp region located 1.9 kb upstream of mtmR was found to be repeated approximately 50 kb downstream of mtmR at the other end of the mithramycin gene cluster. A model to explain a possible route for the acquisition of the mithramycin gene cluster by S. argillaceus is proposed.	1
Title: Oxidative cleavage of premithramycin B is one of the last steps in the biosynthesis of the antitumor drug mithramycin Abstract: Background:                       Mithramycin is a member of the clinically important aureolic acid group of antitumor drugs that interact with GC-rich regions of DNA nonintercalatively. These drugs contain a chromophore aglycon that is derived from condensation of ten acetate units (catalyzed by a type II polyketide synthase). The aglycones are glycosylated at two positions with different chain length deoxyoligosaccharides, which are essential for the antitumor activity. During the early stages of mithramycin biosynthesis, tetracyclic intermediates of the tetracycline-type occur, which must be converted at later stages into the tricyclic glycosylated molecule, presumably through oxidative breakage of the fourth ring.                  Results:                       Two intermediates in the mithramycin biosynthetic pathway, 4-demethyl-premithramycinone and premithramycin B, were identified in a mutant lacking the mithramycin glycosyltransferase and methyltransferase genes and in the same mutant complemented with the deleted genes, respectively. Premithramycin B contains five deoxysugars moieties (like mithramycin), but contains a tetracyclic aglycon moiety instead of a tricyclic aglycon. We hypothesized that transcription of mtmOIV (encoding an oxygenase) was impaired in this strain, preventing oxidative breakage of the fourth ring of premithramycin B. Inactivating mtmOIV generated a mithramycin nonproducing mutant that accumulated premithramycin B instead of mithramycin. In vitro assays demonstrated that MtmOIV converted premithramycin B into a tricyclic compound.                  Conclusions:                       In the late stages of mithramycin biosynthesis by Strepyomyces argillaceus, a fully glycosylated tetracyclic tetracycline-like intermediate (premithramycin B) is converted into a tricyclic compound by the oxygenase MtmOIV. This oxygenase inserts an oxygen (Baeyer-Villiger oxidation) and opens the resulting lactone. The following decarboxylation and ketoreduction steps lead to mithramycin. Opening of the fourth ring represents one of the last steps in mithramycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of two glycosyltransferases involved in early glycosylation steps during biosynthesis of the antitumor polyketide mithramycin by Streptomyces argillaceus Abstract: A 2,580-bp region of the chromosome of Streptomyces argillaceus, the producer of the antitumor polyketide mithramycin, was sequenced. Analysis of the nucleotide sequence revealed the presence of two genes (mtmGIII and mtmGIV) encoding proteins that showed a high degree of similarity to glycosyltransferases involved in the biosynthesis of various antibiotics and antitumor drugs. Independent insertional inactivation of both genes produced mutants that did not synthesize mithramycin but accumulated several mithramycin intermediates. Both mutants accumulated premithramycinone, a non-glycosylated intermediate in mithramycin biosynthesis. The mutant affected in the mtmGIII gene also accumulated premithramycin A1, which contains premithramycinone as the aglycon unit and a D-olivose attached at C-12a-O. These experiments demonstrate that the glycosyltransferases MtmGIV and MtmGIII catalyze the first two glycosylation steps in mithramycin biosynthesis. A model is proposed for the glycosylation steps in mithramycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of two polyketide methyltransferases involved in the biosynthesis of the antitumor drug mithramycin by Streptomyces argillaceus Abstract: A DNA chromosomal region of Streptomyces argillaceus ATCC 12596, the producer organism of the antitumor polyketide drug mithramycin, was cloned. Sequence analysis of this DNA region, located between four mithramycin glycosyltransferase genes, showed the presence of two genes (mtmMI and mtmMII) whose deduced products resembled S-adenosylmethionine-dependent methyltransferases. By independent insertional inactivation of both genes nonproducing mutants were generated that accumulated different mithramycin biosynthetic intermediates. The M3DeltaMI mutant (mtmMI-minus mutant) accumulated 4-demethylpremithramycinone (4-DPMC) which lacks the methyl groups at carbons 4 and 9. The M3DeltaM2 (mtmMII-minus mutant) accumulated 9-demethylpremithramycin A3 (9-DPMA3), premithramycin A1 (PMA1), and 7-demethylmithramycin, all of them containing the O-methyl group at C-4 and C-1', respectively, but lacking the methyl group at the aromatic position. Both genes were expressed in Streptomyces lividans TK21 under the control of the erythromycin resistance promoter (ermEp) of Saccharopolyspora erythraea. Cell-free extracts of these clones were precipitated with ammonium sulfate (90% saturation) and assayed for methylation activity using different mithramycin intermediates as substrates. Extracts of strains MJM1 (expressing the mtmMI gene) and MJM2 (expressing the mtmMII gene) catalyzed efficient transfer of tritium from [(3)H]S-adenosylmethionine into 4-DPMC and 9-DPMA3, respectively, being unable to methylate other intermediates at a detectable level. These results demonstrate that the mtmMI and mtmMII genes code for two S-adenosylmethionine-dependent methyltransferases responsible for the 4-O-methylation and 9-C-methylation steps of the biosynthetic precursors 4-DPMC and 9-DPMA3, respectively, of the antitumor drug mithramycin. A pathway is proposed for the last steps in the biosynthesis of mithramycin involving these methylation events.	1
Title: Insertional inactivation of mtrX and mtrY genes from the mithramycin gene cluster affects production and growth of the producer organism Streptomyces argillaceus Abstract: Mithramycin is an antitumor aromatic polyketide synthesized by Streptomyces argillaceus. Two genes (mtrX and mtrY) of the mithramycin gene cluster were inactivated by gene replacement. Inactivation of mtrX, that encodes an ABC excision nuclease system for DNA repair, produced a mutant that was affected in the normal rate of growth. Expression of mtrX in Streptomyces albus in a multicopy plasmid vector conferred a low increase in resistance to mithramycin. Inactivation of mtrY, that encodes a protein of unknown function, produced a 50% decrease in mithramycin biosynthesis. When mtrY was expressed in the wild-type S. argillaceus in a multicopy plasmid, this caused about 47% increase in the levels of mithramycin production. It is proposed that mtrX and mtrY could code for a secondary defense mechanism and a mithramycin regulatory element, respectively.	1
Title: Ketopremithramycins and ketomithramycins, four new aureolic acid-type compounds obtained upon inactivation of two genes involved in the biosynthesis of the deoxysugar moieties of the antitumor drug mithramycin by Streptomyces argillaceus, reveal novel insights into post-PKS tailoring steps of the mithramycin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Mithramycin is an aureolic acid-type antimicrobial and antitumor agent produced by Streptomyces argillaceus. Modifying post-polyketide synthase (PKS) tailoring enzymes involved in the production of mithramycin is an effective way of gaining further information regarding the late steps of its biosynthetic pathway. In addition, new "unnatural" natural products of the aureolic acid-type class are likely to be produced. The role of two such post-PKS tailoring enzymes, encoded by mtmC and mtmTIII, was investigated, and four novel aureolic acid class drugs, two premithramycin-type molecules and two mithramycin derivatives, were isolated from mutant strains constructed by insertional gene inactivation of either of these two genes. From data bank comparisons, the corresponding proteins MtmC and MtmTIII were believed to act as a C-methyltransferase involved in the production of the D-mycarose (sugar E) of mithramycin and as a ketoreductase seemingly involved in the biosynthesis of the mithramycin aglycon, respectively. However, gene inactivation and analysis of the accumulated products revealed that both genes encode enzymes participating in the biosynthesis of the D-mycarose building block. Furthermore, the inactivation of MtmC seems to affect the ketoreductase responsible for 4-ketoreduction of sugar C, a D-olivose. Instead of obtaining premithramycin and mithramycin derivatives with a modified E-sugar upon inactivation of mtmC, compounds were obtained that completely lack the E-sugar moiety and that possess an unexpected 4-ketosugar moiety instead of the D-olivose at the beginning of the lower deoxysaccharide chain. The inactivation of mtmTIII led to the accumulation of 4E-ketomithramycin, showing that this ketoreductase is responsible for the 4-ketoreduction of the D-mycarose moiety. The new compounds of the mutant strains, 4A-ketopremithramycin A2, 4A-keto-9-demethylpremithramycin A2, 4C-keto-demycarosylmithramycin, and 4E-ketomithramycin, indicate surprising substrate flexibility of post-PKS enzymes of the mithramycin biosynthetic pathway. Although the glycosyltransferase responsible for the attachment of D-mycarose cannot transfer the unmethylated sugar to the existing lower disaccharide chain, it can transfer the 4-ketoform of sugar E. In addition, the glycosyltransferase MtmGIV, which is responsible for the linkage of sugar C, is also able to transfer an activated 4-ketosugar. The oxygenase MtmOIV, normally responsible for the oxidative cleavage of the tetracyclic premithramycin B into the tricyclic immediate precursor of mithramycin, can act on a substrate analogue with a modified or even incomplete trisaccharide chain. The same is true for glycosyltransferases MtmGI and MtmGII, both of which partake in the formation and attachment of the A-B disaccharide in mithramycin.	1
Title: Rationally designed glycosylated premithramycins: hybrid aromatic polyketides using genes from three different biosynthetic pathways Abstract: Heterologous expression of the urdGT2 gene from the urdamycin producer Streptomyces fradiae Tü2717, which encodes a C-glycosyltransferase, into mutants of the mithramycin producer Streptomyces argillaceus, in which either one or all glycosyltransferases were inactivated, yielded four novel C-glycosylated premithramycin-type molecules. Structure elucidation revealed these to be 9-C-olivosylpremithramycinone, 9-C-mycarosylpremithramycinone, and their respective 4-O-demethyl analogues. In another experiment, both the urdGT2 gene from S. fradiae and the lanGT1 gene from S. cyanogenus, were coexpressed into a S. argillaceus mutant lacking the MtmGIV glycosyltransferase. This experiment, in which genes from three different organisms were combined, resulted in the production of 9-C-(olivo-1-4-olivosyl)premithramycinone. These results prove the unique substrate flexibility of the C-glycosyltransferase UrdGT2, which tolerates not only a variety of sugar-donor substrates, but also various acceptor substrates. The five new hybrid products also represent the first compounds, in which sugars were attached to a position that is normally unglycosylated. The successful combination of two glycosyltransferases in the latter experiment proves that the design of saccharide side chains by combinatorial biosynthetic methods is possible.	1
Title: Mithramycin SK, a novel antitumor drug with improved therapeutic index, mithramycin SA, and demycarosyl-mithramycin SK: three new products generated in the mithramycin producer Streptomyces argillaceus through combinatorial biosynthesis Abstract: To gain initial structure-activity relationships regarding the highly functionalized pentyl side chain attached at C-3 of mithramycin (MTM), we focused on a post-polyketide synthase (post-PKS) tailoring step of the MTM biosynthesis by Streptomyces argillaceus ATCC 12956, which was proposed to be catalyzed by ketoreductase (KR) MtmW. In this last step of the MTM biosynthesis, a keto group of the pentyl side chain is reduced to a secondary alcohol, and we anticipated the generation of an MTM derivative with an additional keto group in the 3-side chain. Insertional inactivation of mtmW, a gene located ca. 8 kb downstream of the mithramycin-PKS genes, yielded an S. argillaceus mutant, which accumulated three new mithramycin analogues, namely mithramycin SA, demycarosyl-mithramycin SK, and mithramycin SK (MTM-SK). The structures of these three compounds confirmed indirectly the proposed role of MtmW in MTM biosynthesis. However, the new mithramycin derivatives bear unexpectedly shorter 3-side chains (ethyl or butyl) than MTM, presumably caused by nonenzymatic rearrangement or cleavage reactions of the initially formed pentyl side chain with a reactive beta-dicarbonyl functional group. The major product, MTM-SK, was tested in vitro against a variety of human cancer cell lines, as well as in an in vitro toxicity assay, and showed an improved therapeutic index, in comparison to the parent drug, MTM.	1
Title: Purification and characterization of a monooxygenase involved in the biosynthetic pathway of the antitumor drug mithramycin Abstract: A monooxygenase encoded by the mtmOIV gene from the mithramycin gene cluster of Streptomyces argillaceus was purified 21-fold by a three-step purification procedure. This monooxygenase catalyzes the oxidative cleavage of the fourth ring of premithramycin B. The enzyme was dependent on NADPH and flavin adenine dinucleotide for activity with optimal pH at 9.5, and the K(m) values for NADPH and premithramycin B were 269.22 and 23.35 micro M, respectively. The reaction catalyzed by MtmOIV yields two possible isomers of the same basic shortened aliphatic chain molecule. One of the reaction products showed important biological activity, thus highlighting the importance of the cleavage of the fourth ring of the aglycon for biological activity.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the naphthocyclinone gene cluster from Streptomyces arenae DSM 40737 and heterologous expression of the polyketide synthase genes Abstract: Streptomyces arenae produces the aromatic polyketide naphthocyclinone, which exhibits activity against Gram-positive bacteria. A cosmid clone containing the putative naphthocyclinone gene cluster was isolated from a genomic library of S. arenae by hybridization with a conserved region from the actinorhodin PKS of S. coelicolor. Sequence analysis of a 5.5-kb DNA fragment, which hybridizes with the actI probe, revealed three open reading frames coding for the minimal polyketide synthase. A strong sequence similarity was found to several previously described ketosynthases, chain length factors and acyl carrier proteins from other polyketide gene clusters. An additional open reading frame downstream of the PKS genes of S. arenae showed 53% identity to act VII probably encoding an aromatase. Another open reading frame was identified in a region of 1.436 bp upstream of the PKS genes, which, however, had no similarity to known genes in the database. Approximately 8 kb upstream of the PKS genes, a DNA fragment was identified that hybridizes to an actVII--actIV specific probe coding for a cyclase and a putative regulatory protein, respectively. Disruption of the proposed naphthocyclinone gene cluster by insertion of a thiostrepton resistance gene completely abolished production of naphthocyclinones in the mutant strain, showing that indeed the naphthocyclinone gene cluster had been isolated. Heterologous expression of the minimal PKS genes in S. coelicolor CH999 in the presence of the act ketoreductase led to the production of mutactin and dehydromutactin, indicating that the S. arenae polyketide synthase forms a C-16 backbone that is subsequently dimerized to build naphthocyclinone. The functions of the proposed cyclase and aromatase were examined by coexpression with genes from different polyketide core producers.	1
Title: A gene cluster involved in nogalamycin biosynthesis from Streptomyces nogalater: sequence analysis and complementation of early-block mutations in the anthracycline pathway Abstract: We have analyzed an anthracycline biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces nogalater. Based on sequence analysis, a contiguous region of 11 kb is deduced to include genes for the early steps in anthracycline biosynthesis, a regulatory gene (snoA) promoting the expression of the biosynthetic genes, and at least one gene whose product might have a role in modification of the glycoside moiety. The three ORFs encoding a minimal polyketide synthase (PKS) are separated from the regulatory gene (snoA) by a comparatively AT-rich region (GC content 60%). Subfragments of the DNA region were transferred to Streptomyces galilaeus mutants blocked in aclacinomycin biosynthesis, and to a regulatory mutant of S. nogalater. The S. galilaeus mutants carrying the S. nogalater minimal PKS genes produced auramycinone glycosides, demonstrating replacement of the starter unit for polyketide biosynthesis. The product of snoA seems to be needed for expression of at least the genes for the minimal PKS.	1
Title: Production of hybrid anthracycline antibiotics by heterologous expression of Streptomyces nogalater nogalamycin biosynthesis genes Abstract: A cluster of anthracycline biosynthetic genes isolated from Streptomyces nogalater was expressed in Streptomyces lividans and in Streptomyces galilaeus. A 12 kb DNA fragment cloned from this cluster in pIJ486 caused the production of a novel compound when introduced into S. lividans. The compound is derived from nogalonic acid methyl ester, an early intermediate in nogalamycin biosynthesis. Complementation with the cloned 12 kb fragment of S. galilaeus mutants blocked in aclacinomycin biosynthesis caused the production of hybrid anthracyclines. Cloning of the nogalamycin gene cluster should make possible a detailed study of the biosynthesis of this interesting antibiotic, as well as the production of novel anthracyclines of potential value as cytostatic drugs.	1
Title: Characterization of Streptomyces nogalater genes encoding enzymes involved in glycosylation steps in nogalamycin biosynthesis Abstract: The sno gene cluster in Streptomyces nogalater ATCC 27451 contains the nogalamycin biosynthesis genes. A set of plasmid constructions carrying fragments of the sno cluster that lie downstream of snoD were used to complement the S. galilaeus mutant H039, which is blocked in rhodosamine and 2-deoxyfucose biosynthesis in the aclacinomycin pathway. Sequence analysis of this cluster revealed three contiguous open reading frames (ORFs) that were designated snoF, snoG, and snoH. Only those plasmid constructs that expressed SnoG were able to complement H039. SnoG shows similarity to GalE, a UDP-glucose-4-epimerase catalyzing the epimerization of UDP-glucose to UDP-galactose. The putative SnoF protein is similar to 3,5-epimerases involved in rhamnose biosynthesis. The deduced product of snoH is a 489-amino acid polypeptide. It is similar to the product of dau ORF3 found in the daunomycin cluster. However its function is still unclear. Based on the complementation experiments and sequence analysis, this part of the sno cluster is suggested to be involved in the biosynthesis of the sugar portion of nogalamycin. Interestingly, SnoA, a transcriptional activator for the sno minimal polyketide synthase, is also needed to express this cluster.	1
Title: The entire nogalamycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces nogalater: characterization of a 20-kb DNA region and generation of hybrid structures Abstract: Fragments spanning 20 kb of Streptomyces nogalater genomic DNA were characterized to elucidate the molecular genetic basis of the biosynthetic pathway of the anthracycline antibiotic nogalamycin. Structural analysis of the products obtained by expression of the fragments in S. galilaeus and S. peucetius mutants producing aclacinomycin and daunomycin metabolites, respectively, revealed hybrid compounds in which either the aglycone or the sugar moiety was modified. Subsequent sequence analysis revealed twenty ORFs involved in nogalamycin biosynthesis, of which eleven could be assigned to the deoxysugar pathway, four to aglycone biosynthesis, while the remaining five express products with unknown function. On the basis of sequence similarity and experimental data, the functions of the products of the newly discovered genes were determined. The results suggest that the entire biosynthetic gene cluster for nogalamycin is now known. Furthermore, the compounds obtained by heterologous expression of the genes show that it is possible to use the genes in combinatorial biosynthesis to create novel chemical structures for drug screening purposes.	1
Title: Studies on a second and third ring cyclization in anthracycline biosynthesis Abstract: This paper focuses on study of second and third ring cyclization in anthracycline biosynthesis by a heterologous gene expression. Firstly, anthracycline non-producing Streptomyces peucetius mutant, D2 was heterologously complemented to produce daunomycins with plasmids pSgs44 and pSYE66, which contain putative cyclase genes of S. galilaeus and S. nogalater, respectively. A point mutation in the cyclase gene dpsY of D2 has changed glycine to serine resulting inactivation of the enzyme. Secondly, the putative cyclase gene snoaM from S. nogalater, was expressed in a gene cassette in S. lividans TK24 and S. coelicolor CH999 to study the influence of the cyclase gene on auramycinone production and the impact of endogenous genes on production profiles. The results obtained confirms that a cyclase closing the second and third ring of a polyketide is essential in anthracycline biosynthesis.	1
Title: Discovery of a two-component monooxygenase SnoaW/SnoaL2 involved in nogalamycin biosynthesis Abstract: Nogalamycin is an anthracycline polyketide antibiotic that contains two deoxysugars, at positions C-1 and C-7. Previous biosynthetic studies conducted in vivo affiliated snoaL2 with an unusual C-1 hydroxylation reaction, but in vitro activity was not established. Here, we demonstrate that inactivation of either snoaL2 or snoaW resulted in accumulation of two nonhydroxylated metabolites, nogalamycinone and a novel anthracycline 3',4'-demethoxy-nogalose-nogalamycinone. The C-1 hydroxylation activity was successfully reconstructed in vitro in the presence of the two enzymes, NAD(P)H and the substrates. Based on relative reaction efficiencies, 3',4'-demethoxy-nogalose-nogalamycinone was identified as the likely natural substrate. A biosynthetic model was established where the atypical short-chain alcohol dehydrogenase SnoaW reduces the anthraquinone to a dihydroquinone using NADPH, which enables activation of oxygen and formation of a hydroperoxy intermediate. Finally, protonation of the intermediate by SnoaL2 yields the 1-hydroxylated product.	1
Title: Identification of late-stage glycosylation steps in the biosynthetic pathway of the anthracycline nogalamycin Abstract: Nogalamycin is an anthracycline antibiotic that has been shown to exhibit significant cytotoxicity. Its biological activity requires two deoxysugar moieties: nogalose and nogalamine, which are attached at C7 and C1, respectively, of the aromatic polyketide aglycone. Curiously, the aminosugar nogalamine is also connected through a C-C bond between C2 and C5''. Despite extensive molecular genetic characterization of early biosynthetic steps, nogalamycin glycosylation has not been investigated in detail. Here we show that expression of the majority of the gene cluster in Streptomyces albus led to accumulation of three new anthracyclines, which unexpectedly included nogalamycin derivatives in which nogalamine was replaced either by rhodosamine with the C-C bond intact (nogalamycin R) or by 2-deoxyfucose without the C-C bond (nogalamycin F). In addition, a monoglycosylated intermediate-3',4'-demethoxynogalose-1-hydroxynogalamycinone-was isolated. Importantly, when the remaining biosynthetic genes were introduced into the heterologous host by using a two-plasmid system, nogalamycin could be isolated from the cultures, thus indicating that the whole gene cluster had been identified. We further show that one of the three glycosyltransferases (GTs) residing in the cluster-snogZ-appears to be redundant, whereas gene inactivation experiments revealed that snogE and snogD act as nogalose and nogalamine transferases, respectively. The substrate specificity of the nogalamine transferase SnogD was demonstrated in vitro: the enzyme was able to remove 2deoxyfucose from nogalamycin F. All of the new compounds were found to inhibit human topoisomerase I in activity measurements, whereas only nogalamycin R showed minor activity against topoisomerase II.	1
Title: Nonactin biosynthesis: the potential nonactin biosynthesis gene cluster contains type II polyketide synthase-like genes Abstract: Nonactin is the parent compound of a group of highly atypical polyketide metabolites produced by Streptomyces griseus subsp. griseus ETH A7796. In this paper we describe the isolation, sequencing, and analysis of 15¿ omitted¿559 bp of chromosomal DNA, containing the potential nonactin biosynthesis gene cluster, from S. griseus subsp. griseus ETH A7796. Fourteen open reading frames were observed in the DNA sequence. Significantly, type II polyketide synthase (PKS) homologues were discovered in an apparent operon structure, which also contained the nonactate synthase gene (nonS), clustered with the tetranactin resistance gene. The deduced products of two of the genes (nonK and nonJ) are quite unusual ketoacyl synthase (KAS) alpha and KASbeta homologues. We speculate that nonactic acid, the polyketide precursor of nonactin, is synthesized by a type II PKS system.	1
Title: Genetic organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the antitumor angucycline oviedomycin in Streptomyces antibioticus ATCC 11891 Abstract: The oviedomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces antibioticus ATCC 11891 has been sequenced and characterized. It contains all the necessary genes for oviedomycin biosynthesis, together with several genes for the generation of malonyl-CoA extender units. Production of this unusual angucyclinone in its natural host occurs only in solid cultures in parallel with aerial mycelium and spore formation. A mutant that did not produce oviedomycin was generated by disruption of the beta-ketoacyl synthase gene ovmK. No other physiological process in the mutant appears to be affected; this rules out a direct relationship between oviedomycin production and cell differentiation in S. antibioticus.	1
Title: Elucidation of oxygenation steps during oviedomycin biosynthesis and generation of derivatives with increased antitumor activity Abstract: Eight different angucyclinones have been produced in Streptomyces albus by combining three oxygenase genes together with the polyketide synthase and cyclases genes from the oviedomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces antibioticus ATCC 11891. Four of these compounds were fully characterized for the first time. Three of these angucyclinones-prejadomycin-2-carboxylate (2), 4a,12b-dehydro-UWM6 (5), and prejadomycin (3)-show a significant increase in their in vitro antitumor activity relative to oviedomycin (1). A hypothesis for the sequence of tailoring events catalyzed by these three oxygenases during oviedomycin biosynthesis is proposed. In this hypothesis OvmOII acts as a bifunctional oxygenase/dehydratase.	1
Title: Engineered biosynthesis of a novel amidated polyketide, using the malonamyl-specific initiation module from the oxytetracycline polyketide synthase Abstract: Tetracyclines are aromatic polyketides biosynthesized by bacterial type II polyketide synthases (PKSs). Understanding the biochemistry of tetracycline PKSs is an important step toward the rational and combinatorial manipulation of tetracycline biosynthesis. To this end, we have sequenced the gene cluster of oxytetracycline (oxy and otc genes) PKS genes from Streptomyces rimosus. Sequence analysis revealed a total of 21 genes between the otrA and otrB resistance genes. We hypothesized that an amidotransferase, OxyD, synthesizes the malonamate starter unit that is a universal building block for tetracycline compounds. In vivo reconstitution using strain CH999 revealed that the minimal PKS and OxyD are necessary and sufficient for the biosynthesis of amidated polyketides. A novel alkaloid (WJ35, or compound 2) was synthesized as the major product when the oxy-encoded minimal PKS, the C-9 ketoreductase (OxyJ), and OxyD were coexpressed in CH999. WJ35 is an isoquinolone compound derived from an amidated decaketide backbone and cyclized with novel regioselectivity. The expression of OxyD with a heterologous minimal PKS did not afford similarly amidated polyketides, suggesting that the oxy-encoded minimal PKS possesses novel starter unit specificity.	1
Title: Antitumor polyketide biosynthesis by an uncultivated bacterial symbiont of the marine sponge Theonella swinhoei Abstract: Bacterial symbionts have long been suspected to be the true producers of many drug candidates isolated from marine invertebrates. Sponges, the most important marine source of biologically active natural products, have been frequently hypothesized to contain compounds of bacterial origin. This symbiont hypothesis, however, remained unproven because of a general inability to cultivate the suspected producers. However, we have recently identified an uncultured Pseudomonas sp. symbiont as the most likely producer of the defensive antitumor polyketide pederin in Paederus fuscipes beetles by cloning the putative biosynthesis genes. Here we report closely related genes isolated from the highly complex metagenome of the marine sponge Theonella swinhoei, which is the source of the onnamides and theopederins, a group of polyketides that structurally resemble pederin. Sequence features of the isolated genes clearly indicate that it belongs to a prokaryotic genome and should be responsible for the biosynthesis of almost the entire portion of the polyketide structure that is correlated with antitumor activity. Besides providing further proof for the role of the related beetle symbiont-derived genes, these findings raise intriguing ecological and evolutionary questions and have important general implications for the sustainable production of otherwise inaccessible marine drugs by using biotechnological strategies.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, and characterization of the pradimicin biosynthetic gene cluster of Actinomadura hibisca P157-2 Abstract: Pradimicins are potent antifungal antibiotics having an unusual dihydrobenzo[alpha]naphthacenequinone aglycone substituted with D-alanine and sugars. Pradimicins are polyketide antibiotics produced by Actinomadura hibisca P157-2. The gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of pradimicins was cloned and sequenced. The pradimicin gene cluster was localized to a 39-kb DNA segment and its involvement in the biosynthesis of pradimicin was proven by gene inactivation of prmA and prmB (ketosynthases alpha and beta). The pradimicin gene cluster consists of 28 open reading frames (ORFs), encoding a type II polyketide synthase (PKS), the enzymes involved in sugar biosynthesis and tailoring enzymes as well as two resistance proteins. The deduced proteins showed strong similarities to the previously validated gene clusters of angucyclic polyketides such as rubromycin, griseorhodin, and fredericamycin. From the pradimicin gene cluster, prmP3 encoding a component of the acetyl-CoA carboxylase complex was disrupted. The production levels of pradimicins of the resulting mutants decreased to 62% of the level produced by the wild-type strain, which indicate that the acetyl-CoA carboxylase gene would have a significant role in the production of pradimicins through supplying the extender unit precursor, malonyl-CoA.	1
Title: Prodigiosin biosynthesis gene cluster in the roseophilin producer Streptomyces griseoviridis Abstract: Streptomyces griseoviridis 2464-S5 produces prodigiosin R1, a tripyrrole antibiotic, and roseophilin, a structurally related compound containing two pyrrole and one furan rings. A gene cluster for the biosynthesis of a prodigiosin was identified in S. griseoviridis. The cluster consisted of 24 open reading frames, including 21 genes (rphD-rphZ) homologous to prodigiosin biosynthesis genes in the red cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). The expression of rphN in S. coelicolor lacking redN restored the production of prodigiosin.	1
Title: The Serratia gene cluster encoding biosynthesis of the red antibiotic, prodigiosin, shows species- and strain-dependent genome context variation Abstract: The prodigiosin biosynthesis gene cluster (pig cluster) from two strains of Serratia (S. marcescens ATCC 274 and Serratia sp. ATCC 39006) has been cloned, sequenced and expressed in heterologous hosts. Sequence analysis of the respective pig clusters revealed 14 ORFs in S. marcescens ATCC 274 and 15 ORFs in Serratia sp. ATCC 39006. In each Serratia species, predicted gene products showed similarity to polyketide synthases (PKSs), non-ribosomal peptide synthases (NRPSs) and the Red proteins of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). Comparisons between the two Serratia pig clusters and the red cluster from Str. coelicolor A3(2) revealed some important differences. A modified scheme for the biosynthesis of prodigiosin, based on the pathway recently suggested for the synthesis of undecylprodigiosin, is proposed. The distribution of the pig cluster within several Serratia sp. isolates is demonstrated and the presence of cryptic clusters in some strains shown. The pig cluster of Serratia marcescens ATCC 274 is flanked by cueR and copA homologues and this configuration is demonstrated in several S. marcescens strains, whilst these genes are contiguous in strains lacking the pig cluster.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of antibiotic prodiginines in the marine bacterium Hahella chejuensis KCTC 2396 Abstract: Aims:                       Hahella chejuensis KCTC 2396 produces red pigments, showing antibacterial and algicidal activities. The main red-coloured metabolite of the pigments was identified as antibiotic prodigiosin. With the expectation that the red pigments are a mixture of a series of close relatives, the aim of the present study is to detect new antibiotic prodigiosin analogues and to analyse the biosynthetic pattern for prodiginines in KCTC 2396.                  Methods and results:                       Except prodigiosin, the other constituents in the red pigments were confirmed as well-known dipyrrolyldipyrromethene prodigiosin, norprodigiosin, and undecylprodiginine. Additionally, four new prodigiosin analogues, each of which was distinguished from prodigiosin (C(5)), according to differences in alkyl chain length (C(3)-C(7)), were detected in small quantities by liquid chromatography mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry spectroscopy. Owing to the presence of a cytotoxic methoxy group, it is expected that all the new prodigiosin analogues are bioactive.                  Conclusions:                       Four characterized prodiginines, including prodigiosin and four new prodigiosin analogues are produced in different ratio in KCTC 2396. All of the prodiginines possess a common linear tripyrrolyl structure and a cytotoxic methoxy group.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       This study shows for the first time that KCTC 2396 is able to produce antibiotic prodigiosin, undecylprodiginine and new prodigiosin analogues in a mixture of pigments. It is also shown that KCTC 2396 possesses a novel system for the simultaneous production of multiple prodiginines in a single micro-organism.	1
Title: Cloning, nucleotide sequence, and heterologous expression of the biosynthetic gene cluster for R1128, a non-steroidal estrogen receptor antagonist. Insights into an unusual priming mechanism Abstract: R1128 substances are anthraquinone natural products that were previously reported as non-steroidal estrogen receptor antagonists with in vitro and in vivo potency approaching that of tamoxifen. From a biosynthetic viewpoint, these polyketides possess structurally interesting features such as an unusual primer unit that are absent in the well studied anthracyclic and tetracyclic natural products. The entire R1128 gene cluster was cloned and expressed in Streptomyces lividans, a genetically well developed heterologous host. In addition to R1128C, a novel optically active natural product, designated HU235, was isolated. Nucleotide sequence analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster revealed genes encoding two ketosynthases, a chain length factor, an acyl transferase, three acetyl-CoA carboxylase subunits, two cyclases, two oxygenases, an amidase, and remarkably, two acyl carrier proteins. Feeding studies indicate that the unusual 4-methylvaleryl side chain of R1128C is derived from valine. Together with the absence of a dedicated ketoreductase, dehydratase, or enoylreductase within the R1128 gene cluster, this suggests a functional link between fatty acid biosynthesis and R1128 biosynthesis in the engineered host. Specifically, we propose that the R1128 synthase recruits four subunits from the endogenous fatty acid synthase during the biosynthesis of this family of pharmacologically significant natural products.	1
Title: Engineering anthracycline biosynthesis toward angucyclines Abstract: The biosynthesis pathways of two anthracyclines, nogalamycin and aclacinomycin, were directed toward angucyclines by using an angucycline-specific cyclase, pgaF, isolated from a silent antibiotic biosynthesis gene cluster. Addition of pgaF to a gene cassette that harbored the early biosynthesis genes of nogalamycin resulted in the production of two known angucyclinone metabolites, rabelomycin and its precursor, UWM6. Substrate flexibility of pgaF was demonstrated by replacement of the nogalamycin minimal polyketide synthase genes in the gene cassette with the equivalent aclacinomycin genes together with aknE2 and aknF, which specify the unusual propionate starter unit in aclacinomycin biosynthesis. This modification led to the production of a novel angucyclinone, MM2002, in which the expected ethyl side chain was incorporated into the fourth ring.	1
Title: Partial activation of a silent angucycline-type gene cluster from a rubromycin beta producing Streptomyces sp. PGA64 Abstract: In the course of DNA-fingerprinting our strain collection for antibiotic biosynthesis genes, two different type II polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters were observed from Streptomyces sp. PGA64. Phylogenetic analysis placed these together with known rubromycin and angucycline biosynthetic gene clusters. The host strain itself has a very clean production profile of secondary metabolites, which composes mainly of rubromycin beta under typical fermentation conditions. Sequencing of a 16.5 kb fragment from the putative angucycline cluster revealed eight genes that were homologous to typical type II PKS genes responsible for synthesizing aromatic polyketides. These genes were especially similar to genes from known angucycline biosynthetic gene clusters and also synteny to these clusters was observed. In addition, three genes were recognized that are needed for priming the minimal PKS complex before polyketide synthesis can initiate, but which are not normally found to cluster with antibiotic biosynthesis genes. A putative repressor gene that was dissimilar to repressor genes found from well-characterized antibiotic biosynthesis gene clusters was also discovered. Gene disruption of the repressor resulted in partial activation of the cluster and production of two angucycline metabolites, UWM6 and rabelomycin. The results confirm that the DNA-fingerprinting method we have developed can be used to correctly detect compounds that are not visible in chemical screens.	1
Title: Artificial reconstruction of two cryptic angucycline antibiotic biosynthetic pathways Abstract: Genome-sequencing projects have revealed that Streptomyces bacteria have the genetic potential to produce considerably larger numbers of natural products than can be observed under standard laboratory conditions. Cryptic angucycline-type aromatic polyketide gene clusters are particularly abundant. Sequencing of two such clusters from Streptomyces sp. PGA64 and H021 revealed the presence of several open reading frames that could be involved in processing the basic angucyclic carbon skeleton. The pga gene cluster contains one putative FAD-dependant monooxygenase (pgaE) and a putatively bifunctional monooxygenase/short chain alcohol reductase (pgaM), whereas the cab cluster contains two similar monooxygenases (cabE and cabM) and an independent reductase (cabV). In this study we have reconstructed the biosynthetic pathways for aglycone synthesis by cloning and sequentially expressing the angucycline tailoring genes with genes required for the synthesis of the unmodified angucycline metabolite-UWM6-in Streptomyces lividans TK24. The expression studies unequivocally showed that, after the production of UWM6, the pathways proceed through the action of the similar monooxygenases PgaE and CabE, followed by reactions catalysed by PgaM and CabMV. Analysis of the metabolites produced revealed that addition of pgaE and cabE genes directs both pathways to a known shunt product, rabelomycin, whereas expression of all genes from a given pathway results in the production of the novel angucycline metabolites gaudimycin A and B. However, one of the end products is most probably further modified by endogenous S. lividans TK24 enzymes. These experiments demonstrate that genes that are either inactive or cryptic in their native host can be used as biosynthetic tools to generate new compounds.	1
Title: Sequential action of two flavoenzymes, PgaE and PgaM, in angucycline biosynthesis: chemoenzymatic synthesis of gaudimycin C Abstract: Tailoring steps in aromatic polyketide antibiotic biosynthesis are an important source of structural diversity and, consequently, an intriguing focal point for enzymological studies. PgaE and PgaM from Streptomyces sp. PGA64 are representatives of flavoenzymes catalyzing early post-PKS reactions in angucycline biosynthesis. This in vitro study illustrates that the chemoenzymatic conversion of UWM6 into the metabolite, gaudimycin C, requires multiple closely coupled reactions to prevent intermediate degradation. The NMR structure of gaudimycin C confirms that the reaction cascade involves C12- and C12b-hydroxylation, C2,3-dehydration, and stereospecific ketoreduction at C6. Enzymatic 18O incorporation studies verify that the oxygens at C12 and C12b derive from O2 and H2O, respectively. The results indicate that PgaM deviates mechanistically from flavoprotein monooxygenases, and suggest an alternative catalytic mechanism involving a quinone methide intermediate.	1
Title: A gene cluster encoding resistomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces resistomycificus; exploring polyketide cyclization beyond linear and angucyclic patterns Abstract: Resistomycin is a pentacyclic polyketide metabolite of Streptomyces resistomycificus that exhibits a variety of pharmacologically relevant properties. While virtually all bacterial aromatic polyketides can be grouped into linear and angular polyphenols, resistomycin has a unique "discoid" ring system. We have successfully identified the entire gene cluster encoding resistomycin biosynthesis by heterologously expressing a pooled cosmid library and screening for the fluorescence of the metabolite produced. The rem gene cluster exhibits several unusual features of the type II PKS involved, most remarkably a putative MCAT with highest homology to AT domains from modular PKSs. In addition, we provide the first insight into the molecular basis of a unique mode of cyclization giving rise to a discoid polyketide.	1
Title: The polyketide cyclase RemF from Streptomyces resistomycificus contains an unusual octahedral zinc binding site Abstract: RemF is a polyketide cyclase involved in the biosynthesis of the aromatic pentacyclic metabolite resistomycin in Streptomyces resistomycificus. The enzyme is a member of a structurally hitherto uncharacterized class of polyketide cyclases. The crystal structure of RemF was determined by SAD and refined to 1.2 A resolution. The enzyme subunit shows a beta-sandwich structure with a topology characteristic for the cupin fold. RemF contains a metal binding site located at the bottom of the predominantly hydrophobic active site cavity. A zinc ion is coordinated to four histidine side chains, and two water molecules in octahedral ligand sphere geometry, highly unusual for zinc binding sites in proteins.	1
Title: Hybrid anthracycline antibiotics: production of new anthracyclines by cloned genes from Streptomyces purpurascens in Streptomyces galilaeus Abstract: A DNA segment cloned from Streptomyces purpurascens ATCC 25489 close to a region that hybridized to a probe containing part of the actinorhodin polyketide synthase caused S. galilaeus ATCC 31615 to produce new anthracyclines. When transformed with certain sub-clones of this segment, the host produced glycosides of epsilon-rhodomycinone, beta-rhodomycinone, 10-demethoxycarbonylaklavinone and 11-deoxy-beta-rhodomycinone in addition to those of aklavinone, the natural anthracyclines of S. galilaeus. The first two compounds are S. purpurascens products and the other two are novel compounds that conceptually are structural hybrids between S. galilaeus and S. purpurascens products. Three glycosides of one of the novel aglycones, 11-deoxy-beta-rhodomycinone, were purified and found to possess cytotoxic activity against L1210 mouse leukaemia cells. Separate regions of the cloned S. purpurascens DNA are responsible for modification of the S. galilaeus host product at the 10- and 11-positions.	1
Title: Collinone, a new recombinant angular polyketide antibiotic made by an engineered Streptomyces strain Abstract: Large chromosomal DNA fragments containing different parts of the putative rubromycin polyketide synthase gene cluster were cloned and functionally expressed in S. coelicolor CH999. Expression of these clones yielded 5 approximately 10 metabolites that were not detected in S. collinus culture extracts. This paper focusses on one of the new metabolites, termed collinone, that was isolated in large quantities and purified for spectroscopic structure determination and biological screening assays. Collinone is a heavily oxidized angular hexacyclic compound containing an unusual 1,4,5,8(2H,3H)-anthracenetetrone moiety previously only reported to be present in antibiotics SF2446A1, A2, A3, B1 and B2 isolated from Streptomyces sp. SF2446. Structure analysis of collinone indicates a tridecaketide with a 26 carbon backbone. The basic benz[a]naphthacene ring system of collinone is angular, similar to the aglycones of the well-known angucycline and angucyclinone antibiotics. While collinone showed antibacterial activity against vancomycin-resistant enterococci, no antifungal or significant antiviral activities were detected. Collinone could be a good starting point to obtain new bioactive angucyclin(on)e-like compounds by further genetic engineering of its pathway.	1
Title: Cloning and sequencing of the biosynthetic gene cluster for saquayamycin Z and galtamycin B and the elucidation of the assembly of their saccharide chains Abstract: Sweet ways: We have investigated the glycosyltransferase genes of the saquayamycin Z (shown) and galtamycin B biosynthetic gene cluster from Micromonospora sp. Tü6368. The results unambiguously show that both compounds are derived from the same cluster. Furthermore, the function of five glycosyltransferases was elucidated, and the results have shed light on the assembly of the sugar chains.The Gram-positive bacterium, Micromonospora sp. Tü6368 produces the angucyclic antibiotic saquayamycin Z and the tetracenequinone galtamycin B. The structural similarity of both compounds suggests a common biosynthetic pathway. The entire biosynthetic gene cluster (saq gene cluster) was cloned and characterized. DNA sequence analysis of a 36.7 kb region revealed the presence of 31 genes that are probably involved in saquayamycin Z and galtamycin B formation. Heterologous expression experiments and targeted gene inactivations were carried out to specifically manipulate the saquayamycin Z and galtamycin B pathways; this demonstrated unambiguously that both compounds are derived from the same cluster. The inactivation of glycosyltransferase genes led to the production of novel saquayamycin and galtamycin derivatives, provided information on the assembly of the sugar chains, and showed that tetracenequinones are formed from angucyclines.	1
Title: Angucyclines Sch 47554 and Sch 47555 from Streptomyces sp. SCC-2136: cloning, sequencing, and characterization Abstract: The entire gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of angucyclines Sch 47554 and Sch 47555 was cloned, sequenced, and characterized. Analysis of the nucleotide sequence of genomic DNA spanning 77.5-kb revealed a total of 55 open reading frames, and the deduced products exhibited strong sequence similarities to type II polyketide synthases, deoxysugar biosynthetic enzymes, and a variety of accessory enzymes. The involvement of this gene cluster in the pathway of Sch 47554 and Sch 47555 was confirmed by genetic inactivation of the aromatase, including a portion of the ketoreductase, which was disrupted by inserting the thiostrepton gene.	1
Title: Biochemical analysis of the biosynthetic pathway of an anticancer tetracycline SF2575 Abstract: SF2575 1 is a tetracycline polyketide produced by Streptomyces sp. SF2575 and displays exceptionally potent anticancer activity toward a broad range of cancer cell lines. The structure of SF2575 is characterized by a highly substituted tetracycline aglycon. The modifications include methylation of the C-6 and C-12a hydroxyl groups, acylation of the 4-(S)-hydroxyl with salicylic acid, C-glycosylation of the C-9 of the D-ring with D-olivose and further acylation of the C4'-hydroxyl of D-olivose with the unusual angelic acid. Understanding the biosynthesis of SF2575 can therefore expand the repertoire of enzymes that can modify tetracyclines, and facilitate engineered biosynthesis of SF2575 analogues. In this study, we identified, sequenced, and functionally analyzed the ssf biosynthetic gene cluster which contains 40 putative open reading frames. Genes encoding enzymes that can assemble the tetracycline aglycon, as well as installing these unique structural features, are found in the gene cluster. Biosynthetic intermediates were isolated from the SF2575 culture extract to suggest the order of pendant-group addition is C-9 glycosylation, C-4 salicylation, and O-4' angelylcylation. Using in vitro assays, two enzymes that are responsible for C-4 acylation of salicylic acid were identified. These enzymes include an ATP-dependent salicylyl-CoA ligase SsfL1 and a putative GDSL family acyltransferase SsfX3, both of which were shown to have relaxed substrate specificity toward substituted benzoic acids. Since the salicylic acid moiety is critically important for the anticancer properties of SF2575, verification of the activities of SsfL1 and SsfX3 sets the stage for biosynthetic modification of the C-4 group toward structure-activity relationship studies of SF2575. Using heterologous biosynthesis in Streptomyces lividans, we also determined that biosynthesis of the SF2575 tetracycline aglycon 8 parallels that of oxytetracycline 4 and diverges after the assembly of 4-keto-anhydrotetracycline 51. The minimal ssf polyketide synthase together with the amidotransferase SsfD produced the amidated decaketide backbone that is required for the formation of 2-naphthacenecarboxamide skeleton. Additional enzymes, such as cyclases C-6 methyltransferase and C-4/C-12a dihydroxylase, were functionally reconstituted.	1
Title: Structural and biochemical characterization of the salicylyl-acyltranferase SsfX3 from a tetracycline biosynthetic pathway Abstract: SsfX3 is a GDSL family acyltransferase that transfers salicylate to the C-4 hydroxyl of a tetracycline intermediate in the penultimate step during biosynthesis of the anticancer natural product SF2575. The C-4 salicylate takes the place of the more common C-4 dimethylamine functionality, making SsfX3 the first acyltransferase identified to act on a tetracycline substrate. The crystal structure of SsfX3 was determined at 2.5 Å, revealing two distinct domains as follows: an N-terminal β-sandwich domain that resembles a carbohydrate-binding module, and a C-terminal catalytic domain that contains the atypical α/β-hydrolase fold found in the GDSL hydrolase family of enzymes. The active site lies at one end of a large open binding pocket, which is spatially defined by structural elements from both the N- and C-terminal domains. Mutational analysis in the putative substrate binding pocket identified residues from both domains that are important for binding the acyl donor and acceptor. Furthermore, removal of the N-terminal carbohydrate-binding module-like domain rendered the stand-alone α/β-hydrolase domain inactive. The additional noncatalytic module is therefore proposed to be required to define the binding pocket and provide sufficient interactions with the spatially extended tetracyclic substrate. SsfX3 was also demonstrated to accept a variety of non-native acyl groups. This relaxed substrate specificity toward the acyl donor allowed the chemoenzymatic biosynthesis of C-4-modified analogs of the immediate precursor to the bioactive SF2575; these were used to assay the structure activity relationships at the C-4 position.	1
Title: C-glycosylation of anhydrotetracycline scaffold with SsfS6 from the SF2575 biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Glycosylation with deoxysugar is a common strategy used by nature to introduce structural diversity and biological activities among natural products. In this study, we biochemically confirmed the activities of SsfS6, a C-glycosyltransferase in the SF2575 biosynthetic pathway, as a regioselective D-olivose transferase that acts on the C-9 position of an anhydrotetracycline aglycon. To perform the glycosyl transfer reaction using Escherichia coli as a whole-cell biocatalyst, we reconstituted the biosynthesis of TDP-D-olivose using a heterologous pathway. Under in vivo conditions, SsfS6 transferred multiple endogenous sugar substrates, in addition to D-olivose, to the anhydrotetracycline substrate, demonstrating broad substrate tolerance and potential as a tetracycline-diversifying enzyme.	1
Title: Cloning and analysis of the simocyclinone biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aminocoumarin antibiotic simocyclinone D8 was cloned by screening a cosmid library of Streptomyces antibioticusTü 6040 with a heterologous probe from a gene encoding a cytochrome P450 enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin. Sequence analysis of a 39.4-kb region revealed the presence of 38 ORFs. Six of the identified ORFs showed striking similarity to genes from the biosynthetic gene clusters of the aminocoumarin antibiotics novobiocin and coumermycin A(1). Simocyclinone also contains an angucyclinone moiety, and 12 of the ORFs showed high sequence similarity to biosynthetic genes of other angucyclinone antibiotics. Possible functions within the biosynthesis of simocyclinone D8 could be assigned to 23 ORFs by comparison with sequences in GenBank. Experimental proof for the function of the identified gene cluster was provided by a gene inactivation experiment, which resulted in the abolishment of the formation of the aminocoumarin moiety of simocyclinone. Feeding of the mutant with the aminocoumarin moiety of novobiocin led to a new, artificial simocyclinone derivative.	1
Title: Isolation, characterization, and heterologous expression of the biosynthesis gene cluster for the antitumor anthracycline steffimycin Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the aromatic polyketide steffimycin of the anthracycline family has been cloned and characterized from "Streptomyces steffisburgensis" NRRL 3193. Sequence analysis of a 42.8-kbp DNA region revealed the presence of 36 open reading frames (ORFs) (one of them incomplete), 24 of which, spanning 26.5 kb, are probably involved in steffimycin biosynthesis. They code for all the activities required for polyketide biosynthesis, tailoring, regulation, and resistance but show no evidence of genes involved in L-rhamnose biosynthesis. The involvement of the cluster in steffimycin biosynthesis was confirmed by expression of a region of about 15 kb containing 15 ORFS, 11 of them forming part of the cluster, in the heterologous host Streptomyces albus, allowing the isolation of a biosynthetic intermediate. In addition, the expression in S. albus of the entire cluster, contained in a region of 34.8 kb, combined with the expression of plasmid pRHAM, directing the biosynthesis of L-rhamnose, led to the production of steffimycin. Inactivation of the stfX gene, coding for a putative cyclase, revealed that this enzymatic activity participates in the cyclization of the fourth ring, making the final steps in the biosynthesis of the steffimycin aglycon similar to those in the biosynthesis of jadomycin or rabelomycin. Inactivation of the stfG gene, coding for a putative glycosyltransferase involved in the attachment of L-rhamnose, allowed the production of a new compound corresponding to the steffimycin aglycon compound also observed in S. albus upon expression of the entire cluster.	1
Title: Tetarimycin A, an MRSA-active antibiotic identified through induced expression of environmental DNA gene clusters Abstract: The propagation of DNA extracted directly from environmental samples in laboratory-grown bacteria provides a means to study natural products encoded in the genomes of uncultured bacteria. However, gene silencing often hampers the functional characterization of gene clusters captured on environmental DNA clones. Here we show that the overexpression of transcription factors found in sequenced environmental DNA-derived biosynthetic gene clusters, in conjunction with traditional culture-broth extract screening, can be used to identify new bioactive secondary metabolites from otherwise-silent gene clusters. Tetarimycin A, a tetracyclic methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA)-active antibiotic, was isolated from the culture-broth extract of Streptomyces albus cultures cotransformed with an environmentally derived type-II polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster and its pathway-specific Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory protein (SARP) cloned under the control of the constitutive ermE* promoter.	1
Title: Nucleotide sequence of the tcmII-tcmIV region of the tetracenomycin C biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces glaucescens and evidence that the tcmN gene encodes a multifunctional cyclase-dehydratase-O-methyl transferase Abstract: Mutations in the tcmII-tcmIV region of the Streptomyces glaucescens chromosome block the C-3 and C-8 O-methylations of the polyketide antibiotic tetracenomycin C (Tcm C). The nucleotide sequence of this region reveals the presence of two genes, tcmN and tcmO, whose deduced protein products display similarity to the hydroxyindole O-methyl transferase of the bovine pineal gland, an enzyme that catalyzes a phenolic O-methylation analogous to those required for the biosynthesis of Tcm C. The deduced product of the tcmN gene also has an N-terminal domain that shows similarity to the putative ActVII and WhiE ORFVI proteins of Streptomyces coelicolor. The tcmN N-terminal domain can be separated from the remainder of the tcmN gene product, and when coupled on a plasmid with the Tcm C polyketide synthase genes (tcmKLM), this domain enables high-level production of an early, partially cyclized intermediate of Tcm C in a Tcm C- null mutant or in a heterologous host (Streptomyces lividans). By analogy to fatty acid biosynthesis, the tcmKLM polyketide synthase gene products are probably sufficient to produce the linear decaketide precursor of Tcm C; thus, the tcmN N-terminal domain is most likely responsible for one or more of the early cyclizations and, perhaps, the attendant dehydrations that lead to the partially cyclized intermediate. The tcmN gene therefore appears to encode a multifunctional cyclase-dehydratase-3-O-methyl transferase. The tcmO gene encodes the 8-O-methyl transferase.	1
Title: Sequence and transcriptional analysis of the Streptomyces glaucescens tcmAR tetracenomycin C resistance and repressor gene loci Abstract: Sequence analysis of the tcmA tetracenomycin C resistance gene from Streptomyces glaucescens GLA.O (ETH 22794) identifies one large open reading frame whose deduced product has sequence similarity to the mmr methylenomycin resistance gene from Streptomyces coelicolor, the Streptomyces rimosus tet347 (otrB) tetracycline resistance gene, and the atr1 aminotriazole resistance gene from Saccharomyces cerevisiae. These genes are thought to encode proteins that act as metabolite export pumps powered by transmembrane electrochemical gradients. A divergently transcribed gene, tcmR, is located in the region upstream of tcmA. The deduced product of tcmR resembles the repressor proteins encoded by tetR regulatory genes from Escherichia coli and the actII-orf1 gene from S. coelicolor. Transcriptional analysis of tcmA and tcmR indicates that these genes have back-to-back and overlapping promoter regions.	1
Title: The tcmVI region of the tetracenomycin C biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces glaucescens encodes the tetracenomycin F1 monooxygenase, tetracenomycin F2 cyclase, and, most likely, a second cyclase Abstract: Certain mutations in the tcmVI region of the Streptomyces glaucescens chromosome affect formation of the D ring of the polyketide antibiotic tetracenomycin C (TCM C). This region lies immediately upstream from the TCM C polyketide synthase genes (tcmKLM), and the nucleotide sequence reveals the presence of three small genes, tcmH, tcmI, and tcmJ. On the basis of the phenotypes of mutants and the effects of these genes, when coupled on a plasmid with the tcmKLMN177 genes (tcmN177 is a 3'-truncated version of tcmN), on the production of TCM intermediates in a TCM- mutant, the tcmH gene encodes the C-5 monooxygenase that converts TCM F1 to TCM D3, the tcmI gene encodes the D-ring cyclase that converts TCM F2 to TCM F1 (mutations in this gene are responsible for the type VI phenotype), and the tcmJ gene most likely encodes the B-ring cyclase that acts in the biosynthesis of TCM F2. Furthermore, it appears that the N-terminal domain of the tcmN gene product (encoded by the tcmN177 gene) acts later in the biosynthesis of TCM F2 than the product of tcmJ, suggesting that the N-terminal domain of the TcmN protein is the C-ring cyclase.	1
Title: Reconstitution of the iterative type II polyketide synthase for tetracenomycin F2 biosynthesis Abstract: The tetracenomycin polyketide synthase (TCM PKS), a type II complex, produces TCM F2, a precursor of TCM C in Streptomyces glaucescens, and consists of at least the TcmK, -L, -M, and -N proteins. The TcmK/TcmL ketosynthase subunits were purified from overexpression of their genes in Streptomyces lividans. TcmK (calculated molecular mass 45 kd) and TcmL (calculated molecular mass 42 kd) function as a heterodimeric alphabeta complex based on observing that only the purified complex complemented TCM PKS activity in protein extracts made from strains bearing tcmK or tcmL deletion mutants to make TCM F2 in vitro, and that the molecular mass of the purified complex was 90 kd as estimated by gel filtration chromatography. The TCM PKS activity was reconstituted with purified protein components, indicating that the minimal set of proteins required to make TCM F2 included the ketosynthase complex (TcmKL), an acyl carrier protein (TcmM), a malonyl CoA:ACP acyltransferase (MAT), and a cyclase (TcmN). The MAT was required to catalyze the transacylation between malonyl-CoA and TcmM, although a relatively slow spontaneous transacylation also occurred in a reaction without the MAT. Acetyl-CoA, the proposed starter unit for the TCM PKS, was not required for the production of TCM F2 in vitro, although it could be incorporated into this polyketide to a small extent. TcmJ, a PKS protein without a known function, greatly increased the production of TCM F2 but could not replace TcmN as a cyclase in the reconstituted system.	1
Title: Urdamycins, new angucycline antibiotics from Streptomyces fradiae. IV. Biosynthetic studies of urdamycins A-D Abstract: The biogenetic origin of the angucycline antibiotics urdamycins A-D was studied by feeding experiments with isotope labeled precursors and by NMR analysis. Feeding experiments with [1-13C]acetate and [1,2-13C2]acetate show that the chromophores of urdamycins A and B and the angucycline 4-ring skeleton of the urdamycins C and D chromophores are formed from a single decapolyketide chain. The chromophores of the urdamycins C and D contain additional structural elements which derived from the amino acids tyrosine and tryptophan, respectively. The latter was shown by feeding deuterium-labeled tyrosine and 13C-labeled tryptophan derivatives. Feeding of [1-13C]glucose and of [U-13C3]glycerol proved that the C-glycosidic moiety and the three sugars (2 x L-rhodinose, 1 x D-olivose each) of the urdamycins arise from glucose. Experiments with 14C-labeled urdamycin A, obtained by biosynthesis from [14C]acetate, showed this compound to be a late precursor of the urdamycins C and D.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a polyketide synthase gene from Streptomyces fradiae Tü2717, which carries the genes for biosynthesis of the angucycline antibiotic urdamycin A and a gene probably involved in its oxygenation Abstract: A DNA fragment was cloned as cosmid purd8, which encodes a polyketide synthase involved in the production of the angucycline antibiotic urdamycin from Streptomyces fradiae Tü2717. Deletion of the polyketide synthase genes from the chromosome abolished urdamycin production. In addition, purd8 conferred urdamycin resistance on introduction into Streptomyces lividans TK24. Sequence analysis of 5.7 kb of purd8 revealed six open reading frames transcribed in the same direction. The deduced amino acid sequences of the six open reading frames strongly resemble proteins from known type II polyketide synthase gene clusters: a ketoacyl synthase, a chain length factor, an acyl carrier protein, a ketoreductase, a cyclase, and an oxygenase. Heterologous expression of the urdamycin genes encoding a ketoacyl synthase and a chain length factor in Streptomyces glaucescens tetracenomycin C-nonproducing mutants impaired in either the TcmK ketoacyl synthase or TcmL chain length factor resulted in the production of tetracenomycin C. Heterologous expression of a putative oxygenase gene from the urdamycin gene cluster in S. glaucescens GLA.O caused production of the hybrid antibiotic 6-hydroxy tetracenomycin C.	1
Title: Two new tailoring enzymes, a glycosyltransferase and an oxygenase, involved in biosynthesis of the angucycline antibiotic urdamycin A in Streptomyces fradiae Tü2717 Abstract: Urdamycin A, the principal product of Streptomyces fradiae Tu2717, is an angucycline-type antibiotic and anticancer agent containing C-glycosidically linked D-olivose. To extend knowledge of the biosynthesis of urdamycin A the authors have cloned further parts of the urdamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Three new ORFs (urdK, urdJ and urdO) were identified on a 3.35 kb fragment, and seven new ORFs (urdL, urdM, urdJ2, urdZl, urdGT2, urdG and urdH) on an 8.05 kb fragment. The deduced products of these genes show similarities to transporters (urdJ and urdJ2), regulatory genes (urdK), reductases (urdO), cyclases (urdL) and deoxysugar biosynthetic genes (urdG, urdH and urdZ1). The product of urdM shows striking sequence similarity to oxygenases (N-terminal sequence) as well as reductases (C-terminal sequence), and the deduced amino acid sequence of urdGT2 resembles those of glycosyltransferases. To determine the function of urdM and urdGT2, targeted gene inactivation experiments were performed. The resulting urdM deletion mutant strains accumulated predominantly rabelomycin, indicating that UrdM is involved in oxygenation at position 12b of urdamycin A. A mutant in which urdGT2 had been deleted produced urdamycin I, urdamycin J and urdamycin K instead of urdamycin A. Urdamycins I, J and K are tetracyclic angucyclinones lacking a C-C connected deoxysugar moiety. Therefore UrdGT2 must catalyse the earliest glycosyltransfer step in the urdamycin biosynthetic pathway, the C-glycosyltransfer of one NDP-D-olivose.	1
Title: Function of glycosyltransferase genes involved in urdamycin A biosynthesis Abstract: Background:                       Urdamycin A, the principle product of Streptomyces fradiae Tü2717, is an angucycline-type antibiotic. The polyketide-derived aglycone moiety is glycosylated at two positions, but only limited information is available about glycosyltransferases involved in urdamycin biosynthesis.                  Results:                       To determine the function of three glycosyltransferase genes in the urdamycin biosynthetic gene cluster, we have carried out gene inactivation and expression experiments. Inactivation of urdGT1a resulted in the predominant accumulation of urdamycin B. A mutant lacking urdGT1b and urdGT1c mainly produced compound 100-2. When urdGT1c was expressed in the urdGT1b/urdGT1c double mutant, urdamycin G and urdamycin A were detected. The mutant lacking all three genes mainly accumulated aquayamycin and urdamycinone B. Expression of urdGT1c in the triple mutant led to the formation of compound 100-1, whereas expression of urdGT1a resulted in the formation of compound 100-2. Co-expression of urdGT1b and urdGT1c resulted in the production of 12b-derhodinosyl-urdamycin A, and co-expression of urdGT1a, urdGT1b and urdGT1c resulted in the formation of urdamycin A.                  Conclusions:                       Analysis of glycosyltransferase genes of the urdamycin biosynthetic gene cluster led to an unambiguous assignment of each glycosyltransferase to a certain biosynthetic saccharide attachment step.	1
Title: The NDP-sugar co-substrate concentration and the enzyme expression level influence the substrate specificity of glycosyltransferases: cloning and characterization of deoxysugar biosynthetic genes of the urdamycin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Background:                       Streptomyces fradiae is the principal producer of urdamycin A. The antibiotic consists of a polyketide-derived aglycone, which is glycosylated with four sugar components, 2x D-olivose (first and last sugar of a C-glycosidically bound trisaccharide chain at the 9-position), and 2x L-rhodinose (in the middle of the trisaccharide chain and at the 12b-position). Limited information is available about both the biosynthesis of D-olivose and L-rhodinose and the influence of the concentration of both sugars on urdamycin biosynthesis.                  Results:                       To further investigate urdamycin biosynthesis, a 5.4 kb section of the urdamycin biosynthetic gene cluster was sequenced. Five new open reading frames (ORFs) (urdZ3, urdQ, urdR, urdS, urdT) could be identified each one showing significant homology to deoxysugar biosynthetic genes. We inactivated four of these newly allocated ORFs (urdZ3, urdQ, urdR, urdS) as well as urdZ1, a previously found putative deoxysugar biosynthetic gene. Inactivation of urdZ3, urdQ and urdZ1 prevented the mutant strains from producing L-rhodinose resulting in the accumulation of mainly urdamycinone B. Inactivation of urdR led to the formation of the novel urdamycin M, which carries a C-glycosidically attached D-rhodinose at the 9-position. The novel urdamycins N and O were detected after overexpression of urdGT1c in two different chromosomal urdGT1c deletion mutants. The mutants lacking urdS and urdQ accumulated various known diketopiperazines.                  Conclusions:                       Analysis of deoxysugar biosynthetic genes of the urdamycin biosynthetic gene cluster revealed a widely common biosynthetic pathway leading to D-olivose and L-rhodinose. Several enzymes responsible for specific steps of this pathway could be assigned. The pathway had to be modified compared to earlier suggestions. Two glycosyltransferases normally involved in the C-glycosyltransfer of D-olivose at the 9-position (UrdGT2) and in conversion of 100-2 to urdamycin G (UrdGT1c) show relaxed substrate specificity for their activated deoxysugar co-substrate and their alcohol substrate, respectively. They can transfer activated D-rhodinose (instead of D-olivose) to the 9-position, and attach L-rhodinose to the 4A-position normally occupied by a D-olivose unit, respectively.	1
Title: Two sequence elements of glycosyltransferases involved in urdamycin biosynthesis are responsible for substrate specificity and enzymatic activity Abstract: Background:                       Two deoxysugar glycosyltransferases (GTs), UrdGT1b and UrdGT1c, involved in urdamycin biosynthesis share 91% identical amino acids. However, the two GTs show different specificities for both nucleotide sugar and acceptor substrate. Generally, it is proposed that GTs are two-domain proteins with a nucleotide binding domain and an acceptor substrate site with the catalytic center in an interface cleft between these domains. Our work aimed at finding out the region responsible for determination of substrate specificities of these two urdamycin GTs.                  Results:                       A series of 10 chimeric GT genes were constructed consisting of differently sized and positioned portions of urdGT1b and urdGT1c. Gene expression experiments in host strains Streptomyces fradiae Ax and XTC show that nine of 10 chimeric GTs are still functional, with either UrdGT1b- or UrdGT1c-like activity. A 31 amino acid region (aa 52-82) located close to the N-terminus of these enzymes, which differs in 18 residues, was identified to control both sugar donor and acceptor substrate specificity. Only one chimeric gene product of the 10 was not functional. Targeted stepwise alterations of glycine 226 (G226R, G226S, G226SR) were made to reintroduce residues conserved among streptomycete GTs. Alterations G226S and G226R restored a weak activity, whereas G226SR showed an activity comparable with other functional chimeras.                  Conclusions:                       A nucleotide sugar binding motif is present in the C-terminal moiety of UrdGT1b and UrdGT1c from S. fradiae. We could demonstrate that it is an N-terminal section that determines specificity for the nucleotide sugar and also the acceptor substrate. This finding directs the way towards engineering this class of streptomycete enzymes for antibiotic derivatization applications. Amino acids 226 and 227, located outside the putative substrate binding site, might be part of a larger protein structure, perhaps a solvent channel to the catalytic center. Therefore, they could play a role in substrate accessibility to it.	1
Title: Engineered urdamycin glycosyltransferases are broadened and altered in substrate specificity Abstract: Combinatorial biosynthesis is a promising technique used to provide modified natural products for drug development. To enzymatically bridge the gap between what is possible in aglycon biosynthesis and sugar derivatization, glycosyltransferases are the tools of choice. To overcome limitations set by their intrinsic specificities, we have genetically engineered the protein regions governing nucleotide sugar and acceptor substrate specificities of two urdamycin deoxysugar glycosyltransferases, UrdGT1b and UrdGT1c. Targeted amino acid exchanges reduced the number of amino acids potentially dictating substrate specificity to ten. Subsequently, a gene library was created such that only codons of these ten amino acids from both parental genes were independently combined. Library members displayed parental and/or a novel specificity, with the latter being responsible for the biosynthesis of urdamycin P that carries a branched saccharide side chain hitherto unknown for urdamycins.	1
Title: Structure and action of the C-C bond-forming glycosyltransferase UrdGT2 involved in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic urdamycin Abstract: The glycosyltransferase UrdGT2 from Streptomyces fradiae catalyzes the formation of a glycosidic C-C bond between a polyketide aglycone and D-olivose. The enyzme was expressed in Escherichia coli, purified and crystallized. Its structure was established by X-ray diffraction at 1.9 A resolution. It is the first structure of a C-glycosyltransferase. UrdGT2 belongs to the structural family GT-B of the glycosyltransferases and is likely to form a C(2)-symmetric dimer in solution. The binding structures of donor and acceptor substrates in five structurally homologous enzymes provided a clear and consistent guide for the substrate-binding structure in UrdGT2. The modeled substrate locations suggest the deeply buried Asp137 as the activator for C-C bond formation and explain the reaction. The putative model can be used to design mutations that change the substrate specificity. Such mutants are of great interest in overcoming the increasing danger of antibiotic resistance.	1
Title: Unveiling the post-PKS redox tailoring steps in biosynthesis of the type II polyketide antitumor antibiotic xantholipin Abstract: Xantholipin from Streptomyces flavogriseus is a curved hexacyclic aromatic polyketide antitumor antibiotic. The entire 52 kb xantholipin (xan) biosynthetic gene cluster was sequenced, and bioinformatic analysis revealed open reading frames encoding type II polyketide synthases, regulators, and polyketide tailoring enzymes. Individual in-frame mutagenesis of five tailoring enzymes lead to the production of nine xantholipin analogs, revealing that the xanthone scaffold formation was catalyzed by the FAD binding monooxygenase XanO4, the δ-lactam formation by the asparagine synthetase homolog XanA, the methylenedioxy bridge generation by the P450 monooxygenase XanO2 and the hydroxylation of the carbon backbone by the FAD binding monooxygenase XanO5. These findings may also apply to other polycyclic xanthone antibiotics, and they form the basis for genetic engineering of the xantholipin and similar biosynthetic gene clusters for the generation of compounds with improved antitumor activities.	1
Title: The putative permease PhlE of Pseudomonas fluorescens F113 has a role in 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol resistance and in general stress tolerance Abstract: 2,4-Diacetylphloroglucinol (PHL) is the primary determinant of the biological control activity of Pseudomonas fluorescens F113. The operon phlACBD encodes enzymes responsible for PHL biosynthesis from intermediate metabolites. The phlE gene, which is located downstream of the phlACBD operon, encodes a putative permease suggested to be a member of the major facilitator superfamily with 12 transmembrane segments. PhlE has been suggested to function in PHL export. Here the sequencing of the phlE gene from P. fluorescens F113 and the construction of a phlE null mutant, F113-D3, is reported. It is shown that F113-D3 produced less PHL than F113. The ratio of cell-associated to free PHL was not significantly different between the strains, suggesting the existence of alternative transporters for PHL. The phlE mutant was, however, significantly more sensitive to high concentrations of added PHL, implicating PhlE in PHL resistance. Furthermore, the phlE mutant was more susceptible to osmotic, oxidative and heat-shock stresses. Osmotic stress induced rapid degradation of free PHL by the bacteria. Based on these results, we propose that the role of phlE in general stress tolerance is to export toxic intermediates of PHL degradation from the cells.	1
Title: Regulation of production of the antifungal metabolite 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol in Pseudomonas fluorescens F113: genetic analysis of phlF as a transcriptional repressor Abstract: The antifungal metabolite 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol plays a major role in the biocontrol capabilities of Pseudomonas fluorescens. The phloroglucinol biosynthetic locus of P. fluorescens F113 has been isolated previously. From nucleotide sequence data, a putative regulator gene (phlF) was identified upstream and divergently transcribed from the phlACBD phloroglucinol biosynthetic genes. PhlF shows similarity to various transcriptional repressors in the EMBL database and exhibits a helix-turn-helix motif in its amino acid sequence. phlF was cloned into an expression vector and the PhlF protein product was purified. Gel retardation experiments demonstrated PhlF to be a DNA-binding protein and showed that it binds to the phlA-phlF intergenic region. Introduction of phlF into P. fluorescens F113 in multiple copies resulted in repression of phloroglucinol production in this strain. This effect was mediated at the transcription level since the expression of a phloroglucinol biosynthetic gene fusion in this background was equally repressed. Furthermore, the inactivation of phlF results in derepression of phloroglucinol production in this strain.	1
Title: Evolutionary history of the phl gene cluster in the plant-associated bacterium Pseudomonas fluorescens Abstract: Pseudomonas fluorescens is of agricultural and economic importance as a biological control agent largely because of its plant association and production of secondary metabolites, in particular 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol (2,4-DAPG). This polyketide, which is encoded by the eight-gene phl cluster, has antimicrobial effects on phytopathogens, promotes amino acid exudation from plant roots, and induces systemic resistance in plants. Despite its importance, 2,4-DAPG production is limited to a subset of P. fluorescens strains. Determination of the evolution of the phl cluster and understanding the selective pressures promoting its retention or loss in lineages of P. fluorescens will help in the development of P. fluorescens as a viable and effective inoculant for application in agriculture. In this study, genomic and sequence-based approaches were integrated to reconstruct the phylogeny of P. fluorescens and the phl cluster. It was determined that 2,4-DAPG production is an ancestral trait in the species P. fluorescens but that most lineages have lost this capacity through evolution. Furthermore, intragenomic recombination has relocated the phl cluster within the P. fluorescens genome at least three times, but the integrity of the cluster has always been maintained. The possible evolutionary and functional implications for retention of the phl cluster and 2,4-DAPG production in some lineages of P. fluorescens are discussed.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a gene cluster for synthesis of the polyketide antibiotic 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol from Pseudomonas fluorescens Q2-87 Abstract: The polyketide metabolite 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol (2,4-DAPG) is produced by many strains of fluorescent Pseudomonas spp. with biocontrol activity against soilborne fungal plant pathogens. Genes required for 2,4-DAPG synthesis by P. fluorescens Q2-87 are encoded by a 6.5-kb fragment of genomic DNA that can transfer production of 2,4-DAPG to 2,4-DAPG-nonproducing recipient Pseudomonas strains. In this study the nucleotide sequence was determined for the 6.5-kb fragment and flanking regions of genomic DNA from strain Q2-87. Six open reading frames were identified, four of which (phlACBD) comprise an operon that includes a set of three genes (phlACB) conserved between eubacteria and archaebacteria and a gene (phlD) encoding a polyketide synthase with homology to chalcone and stilbene synthases from plants. The biosynthetic operon is flanked on either side by phlE and phlF, which code respectively for putative efflux and regulatory (repressor) proteins. Expression in Escherichia coli of phlA, phlC, phlB, and phlD, individually or in combination, identified a novel polyketide biosynthetic pathway in which PhlD is responsible for the production of monoacetylphloroglucinol (MAPG). PhlA, PhlC, and PhlB are necessary to convert MAPG to 2,4-DAPG, and they also may function in the synthesis of MAPG.	1
Title: Genome sequence of the streptomycin-producing microorganism Streptomyces griseus IFO 13350 Abstract: We determined the complete genome sequence of Streptomyces griseus IFO 13350, a soil bacterium producing an antituberculosis agent, streptomycin, which is the first aminoglycoside antibiotic, discovered more than 60 years ago. The linear chromosome consists of 8,545,929 base pairs (bp), with an average G+C content of 72.2%, predicting 7,138 open reading frames, six rRNA operons (16S-23S-5S), and 66 tRNA genes. It contains extremely long terminal inverted repeats (TIRs) of 132,910 bp each. The telomere's nucleotide sequence and secondary structure, consisting of several palindromes with a loop sequence of 5'-GGA-3', are different from those of typical telomeres conserved among other Streptomyces species. In accordance with the difference, the chromosome has pseudogenes for a conserved terminal protein (Tpg) and a telomere-associated protein (Tap), and a novel pair of Tpg and Tap proteins is instead encoded by the TIRs. Comparisons with the genomes of two related species, Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) and Streptomyces avermitilis, clarified not only the characteristics of the S. griseus genome but also the existence of 24 Streptomyces-specific proteins. The S. griseus genome contains 34 gene clusters or genes for the biosynthesis of known or unknown secondary metabolites. Transcriptome analysis using a DNA microarray showed that at least four of these clusters, in addition to the streptomycin biosynthesis gene cluster, were activated directly or indirectly by AdpA, which is a central transcriptional activator for secondary metabolism and morphogenesis in the A-factor (a gamma-butyrolactone signaling molecule) regulatory cascade in S. griseus.	1
Title: Phenolic lipids synthesized by type III polyketide synthase confer penicillin resistance on Streptomyces griseus Abstract: Type III polyketide synthases (PKSs) found in plants, fungi, and bacteria synthesize a variety of aromatic polyketides. A Gram-positive, filamentous bacterium Streptomyces griseus contained an srs operon, in which srsA encoded a type III PKS, srsB encoded a methyltransferase, and srsC encoded a flavoprotein hydroxylase. Consistent with this annotation, overexpression of the srs genes in a heterologous host, Streptomyces lividans, showed that SrsA was a type III PKS responsible for synthesis of phenolic lipids, alkylresorcinols, and alkylpyrones, SrsB was a methyltransferase acting on the phenolic lipids to yield alkylresorcinol methyl ethers, and SrsC was a hydroxylase acting on the alkylresorcinol methyl ethers. In vitro SrsA reaction showed that SrsA synthesized alkylresorcinols from acyl-CoAs of various chain lengths as a starter substrate, one molecule of methylmalonyl-CoA, and two molecules of malonyl-CoA. SrsA was thus unique in that it incorporated the extender substrates in a strictly controlled order of malonyl-CoA, malonyl-CoA, and methylmalonyl-CoA to produce alkylresorcinols. An srsA mutant, which produced no phenolic lipids, was highly sensitive to beta-lactam antibiotics, such as penicillin G and cephalexin. Together with the fact that the alkylresorcinols were fractionated mainly in the cell wall fraction, this observation suggests that the phenolic lipids, perhaps associated with the cytoplasmic membrane because of their amphiphilic property, affect the characteristic and rigidity of the cytoplasmic membrane/peptidoglycan of a variety of bacteria. An srs-like operon is found widely among Gram-positive and -negative bacteria, indicating wide distribution of the phenolic lipids.	1
Title: Conditionally positive effect of the TetR-family transcriptional regulator AtrA on streptomycin production by Streptomyces griseus Abstract: AtrA, a transcriptional activator for actII-ORF4, encoding the pathway-specific transcriptional activator of the actinorhodin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), has been shown to bind the region upstream from the promoter of strR, encoding the pathway-specific transcriptional activator of the streptomycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces griseus [Uguru et al. (2005) Mol Microbiol 58, 131-150]. The atrA orthologue (atrA-g) in S. griseus was constitutively transcribed throughout growth from a promoter located about 250 nt upstream of the translational start codon, as determined by S1 nuclease mapping. DNase I footprinting showed that histidine-tagged AtrA-g bound an inverted repeat located upstream of strR at positions -117 to -142 relative to the transcriptional start point of strR as +1. This AtrA-g-binding site was between two AdpA-binding sites at approximately nucleotide positions -270 and -50. AdpA is a central transcriptional activator in the A-factor regulatory cascade and essential for the transcription of strR. AtrA-g and AdpA simultaneously bound the respective binding sites. In contrast to AdpA, AtrA-g was non-essential for strR transcription; an atrA-g-disrupted strain produced streptomycin on routine agar media to the same extent as the wild-type strain. However, the atrA-g-disrupted strain tended to produce a smaller amount of streptomycin than the wild-type strain under some conditions, for example, on Bennett agar containing 1 % maltose and on a minimal medium. Therefore, AtrA-g had a conditionally positive effect on streptomycin production, as a tuner, probably by enhancing the AdpA-dependent transcriptional activation of strR in a still unknown manner.	1
Title: A comparative analysis of the sugar phosphate cyclase superfamily involved in primary and secondary metabolism Abstract: Sugar phosphate cyclases (SPCs) catalyze the cyclization of sugar phosphates to produce a variety of cyclitol intermediates that serve as the building blocks of many primary metabolites, for example, aromatic amino acids, and clinically relevant secondary metabolites, for example, aminocyclitol/aminoglycoside and ansamycin antibiotics. Feeding experiments with isotopically labeled cyclitols revealed that cetoniacytone A, a unique C(7)N-aminocyclitol antibiotic isolated from an insect endophytic Actinomyces sp., is derived from 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone, a product of SPC. By using heterologous probes from the 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone synthase class of SPCs, an SPC homologue gene, cetA, was isolated from the cetoniacytone producer. cetA is closely related to BE-orf9 found in the BE-40644 biosynthetic gene cluster from Actinoplanes sp. strain A40644. Recombinant expression of cetA and BE-orf9 and biochemical characterization of the gene products confirmed their function as 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone synthases. Further phylogenetic analysis of SPC sequences revealed a new clade of SPCs that might regulate the biosynthesis of a novel set of secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster of cetoniacytone A, an unusual aminocyclitol from the endosymbiotic Bacterium Actinomyces sp. Lu 9419 Abstract: A gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the antitumor agent cetoniacytone A was identified in Actinomyces sp. strain Lu 9419, an endosymbiotic bacterium isolated from the intestines of the rose chafer beetle (Cetonia aurata). The nucleotide sequence analysis of the 46 kb DNA region revealed the presence of 31 complete ORFs, including genes predicted to encode a 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone synthase (CetA), a glyoxalase/bleomycin resistance protein (CetB), an acyltransferase (CetD), an FAD-dependent dehydrogenase (CetF2), two oxidoreductases (CetF1 and CetG), two aminotransferases (CetH and CetM), and a pyranose oxidase (CetL). CetA has previously been demonstrated to catalyze the cyclization of sedoheptulose 7-phosphate to the cyclic intermediate, 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone. In this report, the glyoxalase/bleomycin resistance protein homolog CetB was identified as a 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone epimerase (EVE), a new member of the vicinal oxygen chelate (VOC) superfamily. The 24 kDa recombinant histidine-tagged CetB was found to form a homodimer; each monomer contains two betaalphabetabetabeta scaffolds that form a metal binding site with two histidine and two glutamic acid residues. A BLAST search using the newly isolated cet biosynthetic genes revealed an analogous suite of genes in the genome of Frankia alni ACN14a, suggesting that this plant symbiotic nitrogen-fixing bacterium is capable of producing a secondary metabolite related to the cetoniacytones.	1
Title: Phenolic lipid synthesis by type III polyketide synthases is essential for cyst formation in Azotobacter vinelandii Abstract: Cysts of Azotobacter vinelandii are resting cells that are surrounded by a protective coat, conferring resistance to various chemical and physical agents. The major chemical components of the cyst coat are alkylresorcinols, which are amphiphilic molecules possessing an aromatic ring with a long aliphatic carbon chain. Although alkylresorcinols are widely distributed in bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals, no enzyme systems for their biosynthesis are known. We report here an ars operon in A. vinelandii that is responsible for the biosynthesis of the alkylresorcinols in the cysts. The ars operon consisted of four genes, two of which encoded a type III polyketide synthase, ArsB and ArsC. In vitro experiments revealed that ArsB and ArsC, sharing 71% amino acid sequence identity, were an alkylresorcinol synthase and an alkylpyrone synthase, respectively, indicating that ArsB and ArsC are not isozymes but enzymatically distinct polyketide synthases. In addition, ArsB and ArsC accepted several acyl-CoAs with various lengths of the side chain as a starter substrate and gave corresponding alkylresorcinols and alkylpyrones, respectively, which suggests that the mode of the ring folding is uninfluenced by the structure of the starter substrates. The importance of the alkylresorcinols for encystment was confirmed by gene inactivation experiments; the lack of alkylresorcinols synthesis caused by ars mutations resulted in the formation of severely impaired cysts, as observed by electron microscopy.	1
Title: Identification and cloning of a type III polyketide synthase required for diffusible pigment biosynthesis in Saccharopolyspora erythraea Abstract: The soluble, diffusible red-brown pigment produced by a Saccharopolyspora erythraea "red variant" has been shown to contain glycosylated and polymerized derivatives of 2,5,7-trihydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone (flaviolin). Flaviolin is a spontaneous oxidation product of 1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxynaphthalene (THN), which is biosynthesized in bacteria by a chalcone synthase-like (CS-like) type III polyketide synthase (PKS). A fragment of the gene responsible for THN biosynthesis in S. erythraea E_8-7 was amplified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) using degenerate primers based on conserved regions of known plant CS and bacterial CS-like genes. From the isolated fragment, a suicide vector was prepared, which was subsequently used to disrupt the red-brown pigment-producing (rpp) locus in S. erythraea, generating a mutant that displayed an albino phenotype. Chromosomal DNA from the albino mutant was subsequently used in a vector-recapture protocol to isolate a plasmid that contained an insert spanning the entire rpp locus. Sequencing of the insert revealed that the disrupted open reading frame (ORF) encodes a CS-like protein displaying 69% sequence identity to the rppA gene of Streptomyces griseus. The S. griseus rppA gene encodes RppA, the first characterized bacterial CS-like protein, which is sufficient in vitro for the synthesis of THN from malonyl-CoA. The rppA disruption mutant and rppA sequence provided a means by which to address the mechanism of diffusible pigment biosynthesis, as well as to investigate any link between this and the modulation of erythromycin A titre, which has been observed for S. erythraea variants.	1
Title: Presence of copalyl diphosphate synthase gene in an actinomycete possessing the mevalonate pathway Abstract: We have previously shown that gene clusters for biosyntheses of terpentecin and BE-40644, a diterpene antibiotic and a sesquiterpene antibiotic, respectively, were located in the adjacent mevalonate pathway gene clusters. In this study, a mevalonate pathway gene cluster was cloned from Streptomyces sp. strain KO-3988, which was known to produce furaquinocin A, employing a hybridization experiment using a 3-hydroxy-3-methyl glutaryl CoA (HMG-CoA) reductase gene, which had been previously cloned from the strain KO-3988, as a probe. By sequencing flanking regions, we found four open reading frames that could encode a putative cytochrome P450 (ORF1), an isoprenoid cyclase (ORF2), an unknown protein (ORF3), and a polyprenyl diphosphate synthase gene (ORF4) in the upstream region of the mevalonate pathway gene cluster, though we did not find any genes related to furaquinocin A biosynthesis. The two ORFs (ORF2 and 4) were expressed as recombinant enzymes in E. coli and used for studies to investigate functions of these products. The ORF4 product was confirmed to be a geranylgeranyl diphosphate (GGDP, C20) synthase. The ORF2 product proved to catalyze a conversion of GGDP into copalyl diphosphate, the first example of an enzyme with this function of prokaryotic origin. These results again showed that actinomycetes possessing the mevalonate pathway usually produce an isoprenoid and that its biosynthetic gene cluster exists in adjacent the mevalonate pathway gene cluster.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the Pseudomonas aeruginosa antimetabolite L-2-amino-4-methoxy-trans-3-butenoic acid Abstract: L-2-amino-4-methoxy-trans-3-butenoic acid (AMB) is a potent antibiotic and toxin produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Using a novel biochemical assay combined with site-directed mutagenesis in strain PAO1, we have identified a five-gene cluster specifying AMB biosynthesis, probably involving a thiotemplate mechanism. Overexpression of this cluster in strain PA7, a natural AMB-negative isolate, led to AMB overproduction.	1
Title: In Vitro Biosynthesis of the Nonproteinogenic Amino Acid Methoxyvinylglycine Abstract: Oxyvinylglycines are a family of nonproteinogenic amino acids featuring an essential vinyl ether conferring mechanism-based inhibition of pyridoxal phosphate enzymes. The gene clusters for a few oxyvinylglycines are known, yet the biosynthetic origin of the vinyl ether is elusive. The in vitro biosynthesis of methoxyvinylglycine or l-2-amino-4-methoxy-trans-3-butenoic acid (AMB) is reported. It is shown that AMB is made from glutamate as an alanyl-AMB dipeptide and the rationale is provided for the N-term Ala. Using a chemical capture method, the order and timing of the modifications on non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-bound substrates was determined, including a cryptic hydroxylation of the Glu β-carbon. Eliminating this hydroxy group likely generates a key α,β-dehydroamino acid intermediate that facilitates decarboxylation. This work sheds light on vinyl ether biosynthesis and uncovers new NRPS chemistry.	1
Title: An ATP-independent strategy for amide bond formation in antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: A-503083 B, a capuramycin-type antibiotic, contains an L-aminocaprolactam and an unsaturated hexuronic acid that are linked via an amide bond. A putative class C beta-lactamase (CapW) was identified within the biosynthetic gene cluster that-in contrast to the expected beta-lactamase activity-catalyzed an amide-ester exchange reaction to eliminate the L-aminocaprolactam with concomitant generation of a small but significant amount of the glyceryl ester derivative of A-503083 B, suggesting a potential role for an ester intermediate in the biosynthesis of capuramycins. A carboxyl methyltransferase, CapS, was subsequently demonstrated to function as an S-adenosylmethionine-dependent carboxyl methyltransferase to form the methyl ester derivative of A-503083 B. In the presence of free L-aminocaprolactam, CapW efficiently converts the methyl ester to A-503083 B, thereby generating a new amide bond. This ATP-independent amide bond formation using methyl esterification followed by an ester-amide exchange reaction represents an alternative to known strategies of amide bond formation.	1
Title: The gene cluster for the biosynthesis of the glycopeptide antibiotic A40926 by nonomuraea species Abstract: The glycopeptide A40926 is the precursor of dalbavancin, a second-generation glycopeptide currently under clinical development. The dbv gene cluster, devoted to A40926 biosynthesis, was isolated and characterized from the actinomycete Nonomuraea species ATCC39727. From sequence analysis, 37 open reading frames (ORFs) participate in A40926 biosynthesis, regulation, resistance, and export. Of these, 27 ORFs find a match in at least one of the previously characterized glycopeptide gene clusters, while 10 ORFs are, so far, unique to the dbv cluster. Putative genes could be identified responsible for some of the tailoring steps (attachment of glucosamine, sugar oxidation, and mannosylation) expected during A40926 biosynthesis. After constructing a Nonomuraea mutant by deleting dbv ORFs 8 to 10, the novel compound dechloromannosyl-A40926 aglycone was isolated.	1
Title: Tailoring of glycopeptide scaffolds by the acyltransferases from the teicoplanin and A-40,926 biosynthetic operons Abstract: The teicoplanin acyltransferase (Atf) responsible for N-acylation of the glucosamine moiety to create the teicoplanin lipoglycopeptide scaffold has recently been identified. Here we use that enzyme (tAtf) and the cognate acyltransferase from the related A-40,926 biosynthetic cluster (aAtf) to evaluate specificity for glycopeptide scaffolds and for the acyl-CoA donor. In addition to acylation of 2-aminoglucosyl glycopeptide scaffolds with k(cat) values of 400-2000 min(-1), both Atfs transfer acyl groups to regioisomeric 6-aminoglucosyl scaffolds and to glucosyl scaffolds at rates of 0.2-0.5 min(-1) to create variant lipoglycopeptides. Using the teicoplanin glycosyltransferase tGtfA, tAtf, and GtfD, a glycosyltransferase from the vancomycin producer, it is possible to assemble a novel lipoglycopeptide with GlcNAc at beta-OH-Tyr(6) and an N(6)-acyl-glucosaminyl-vancosamine at Phegly(4). This study illustrates the utility of chemo- and regioselective acyltransferases and glycosyltransferases to create novel lipoglycopeptides.	1
Title: Comparative analysis and insights into the evolution of gene clusters for glycopeptide antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: The bal, cep, dbv, sta and tcp gene clusters specify the biosynthesis of the glycopeptide antibiotics balhimycin, chloroeremomycin, A40926, A47934 and teicoplanin, respectively. These structurally related compounds share a similar mechanism of action in their inhibition of bacterial cell wall formation. Comparative sequence analysis was performed on the five gene clusters. Extensive conserved synteny was observed between the bal and cep clusters, which direct the synthesis of very similar compounds but originate from two different species of the genus Amycolatopsis. All other cluster pairs show a limited degree of conserved synteny, involving biosynthetically functional gene cassettes: these include those involved in the synthesis of the carbon backbone of two non-proteinogenic amino acids; in the linkage of amino acids 1--3 and 4--7 in the heptapeptide; and in the formation of the aromatic cross-links. Furthermore, these segments of conserved synteny are often preceded by conserved intergenic regions. Phylogenetic analysis of protein families shows several instances in which relatedness in the chemical structure of the glycopeptides is not reflected in the extent of the relationship of the corresponding polypeptides. Coherent branchings are observed for all polypeptides encoded by the syntenous gene cassettes. These results suggest that the acquisition of distinct, functional genetic elements has played a significant role in the evolution of glycopeptide gene clusters, giving them a mosaic structure. In addition, the synthesis of the structurally similar compounds A40926 and teicoplanin appears as the result of convergent evolution.	1
Title: Glycopeptide biosynthesis: Dbv21/Orf2 from dbv/tcp gene clusters are N-Ac-Glm teicoplanin pseudoaglycone deacetylases and Orf15 from cep gene cluster is a Glc-1-P thymidyltransferase Abstract: The unique pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic activities of glycopeptide antibiotics are conferred from the tailoring steps occurring on the aglycone. It was hypothesized that the sugar moiety attached to the aglycone is derived from an unusual UDP-glucosamine and is followed by an acylation reaction in the biosynthesis of teicoplanin/A40926. Here we report that three homologous (>65% identical) proteins Dbv21, Orf2*, and Orf15, previously assigned as hypothetical proteins in the biosynthesis of A40926, teicoplanin, and chloroeremomycin, respectively, are novel deacetylases (Dbv21 and Orf2*) and thymidyltransferase (Orf15). Dbv21 and Orf2* catalyze the deacetylation reaction of N-acetylglucosaminyl-teicoplanin pseudoaglycone, while Orf15 catalyzes the formation of dTDP-glucose that is required for the epi-vancosamine/vancosamine decoration of chloroeremomycin/vancomycin.	1
Title: Improved production of A40926 by Nonomuraea sp. through deletion of a pathway-specific acetyltransferase Abstract: Nonomuraea strain ATCC 39727 produces the glycopeptide A40926, used for manufacturing dalbavancin, currently in advanced clinical trials. From the gene cluster involved in A40926 biosynthesis, a strain deleted in dbv23 was constructed. This mutant can produce only the glycopeptides lacking the O-linked acetyl residue at position 6 of the mannose moiety, while, under identical fermentation conditions, the wild-type strain produces mostly glycopeptides carrying an acetylated mannose. Furthermore, the total amount of glycopeptides produced by the mutant strain was found to be approximately twice that of the wild type. The reduced level of glycopeptides observed in the wild-type strain may be due to an inhibitory effect exerted by the acetylated compound on the biosynthesis of A40926. Indeed, spiking production cultures with > or =1 microg/ml of the acetylated glycopeptide inhibited A40926 production in the mutant strain.	1
Title: Phosphate-controlled regulator for the biosynthesis of the dalbavancin precursor A40926 Abstract: The actinomycete Nonomuraea sp. strain ATCC 39727 produces the glycopeptide A40926, the precursor of the novel antibiotic dalbavancin. Previous studies have shown that phosphate limitation results in enhanced A40926 production. The A40926 biosynthetic gene (dbv) cluster, which consists of 37 genes, encodes two putative regulators, Dbv3 and Dbv4, as well as the response regulator (Dbv6) and the sensor-kinase (Dbv22) of a putative two-component system. Reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR) and real-time RT-PCR analysis revealed that the dbv14-dbv8 and the dbv30-dbv35 operons, as well as dbv4, were negatively influenced by phosphate. Dbv4 shows a putative helix-turn-helix DNA-binding motif and shares sequence similarity with StrR, the transcriptional activator of streptomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus. Dbv4 was expressed in Escherichia coli as an N-terminal His(6)-tagged protein. The purified protein bound the dbv14 and dbv30 upstream regions but not the region preceding dbv4. Bbr, a Dbv4 ortholog from the gene cluster for the synthesis of the glycopeptide balhimycin, also bound to the dbv14 and dbv30 upstream regions, while Dbv4 bound appropriate regions from the balhimycin cluster. Our results provide new insights into the regulation of glycopeptide antibiotics, indicating that the phosphate-controlled regulator Dbv4 governs two key steps in A40926 biosynthesis: the biosynthesis of the nonproteinogenic amino acid 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine and critical tailoring reactions on the heptapeptide backbone.	1
Title: Assembling the glycopeptide antibiotic scaffold: The biosynthesis of A47934 from Streptomyces toyocaensis NRRL15009 Abstract: The glycopeptide antibiotics vancomycin and teicoplanin are vital components of modern anti-infective chemotherapy exhibiting outstanding activity against Gram-positive pathogens including members of the genera Streptococcus, Staphylococcus, and Enterococcus. These antibiotics also provide fascinating examples of the chemical and associated biosynthetic complexity exploitable in the synthesis of natural products by actinomycetes group of bacteria. We report the sequencing and annotation of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the glycopeptide antibiotic from Streptomyces toyocaensis NRRL15009, the first complete sequence for a teicoplanin class glycopeptide. The cluster includes 34 ORFs encompassing 68 kb and includes all of the genes predicted to be required to synthesize and regulate its biosynthesis. The gene cluster also contains ORFs encoding enzymes responsible for glycopeptide resistance. This role was confirmed by insertional inactivation of the d-Ala-d-lactate ligase, vanAst, which resulted in the predicted -sensitive phenotype and impaired antibiotic biosynthesis. These results provide increased understanding of the biosynthesis of these complex natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of sulfated glycopeptide antibiotics by using the sulfotransferase StaL Abstract: The unique glycopeptide antibiotic A47934, produced by Streptomyces toyocaensis, possesses a nonglycosylated heptapeptide core that is sulfated on the phenolic hydroxyl of the N-terminal 4-hydroxy-L-phenylglycine residue. Genetic and biochemical experiments confirmed that StaL is a sulfotransferase capable of sulfating the predicted crosslinked heptapeptide substrate to produce A47934 both in vivo and in vitro. Incubation of purified His(6)-StaL with various substrates in vitro revealed substrate specificity and yielded two sulfo-glycopeptide antibiotics: sulfo-teicoplanin aglycone and sulfo-teicoplanin. Quantification of the antibacterial activity of desulfo-A47934, A47934, teicoplanin, and sulfo-teicoplanin demonstrated that sulfation slightly increased the minimum inhibitory concentration. This unique modification by sulfation expands glycopeptide diversity with potential application for the development of new antibiotics.	1
Title: The lipopeptide antibiotic A54145 biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces fradiae Abstract: Ca(2+)-dependent cyclic lipodepsipeptides are an emerging class of antibiotics for the treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive pathogens. These compounds are synthesized by nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) complexes encoded by large gene clusters. The gene cluster encoding biosynthetic pathway enzymes for the Streptomyces fradiae A54145 NRP was cloned from a cosmid library and characterized. Four NRPS-encoding genes, responsible for subunits of the synthetase, as well as genes for accessory functions such as acylation, methylation and hydroxylation, were identified by sequence analysis in a 127 kb region of DNA that appears to be located subterminally in the bacterial chromosome. Deduced epimerase domain-encoding sequences within the NRPS genes indicated a D: -stereochemistry for Glu, Lys and Asn residues, as observed for positionally analogous residues in two related compounds, daptomycin, and the calcium-dependent antibiotic (CDA) produced by Streptomyces roseosporus and Streptomyces coelicolor, respectively. A comparison of the structure and the biosynthetic gene cluster of A54145 with those of the related peptides showed many similarities. This information may contribute to the design of experiments to address both fundamental and applied questions in lipopeptide biosynthesis, engineering and drug development.	1
Title: Biosynthetic pathway for the epipolythiodioxopiperazine acetylaranotin in Aspergillus terreus revealed by genome-based deletion analysis Abstract: Epipolythiodioxopiperazines (ETPs) are a class of fungal secondary metabolites derived from diketopiperazines. Acetylaranotin belongs to one structural subgroup of ETPs characterized by the presence of a seven-membered 4,5-dihydrooxepine ring. Defining the genes involved in acetylaranotin biosynthesis should provide a means to increase the production of these compounds and facilitate the engineering of second-generation molecules. The filamentous fungus Aspergillus terreus produces acetylaranotin and related natural products. Using targeted gene deletions, we have identified a cluster of nine genes (including one nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene, ataP) that is required for acetylaranotin biosynthesis. Chemical analysis of the wild-type and mutant strains enabled us to isolate 17 natural products from the acetylaranotin biosynthesis pathway. Nine of the compounds identified in this study are natural products that have not been reported previously. Our data have allowed us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for acetylaranotin and related natural products.	1
Title: Acetylaszonalenin biosynthesis in Neosartorya fischeri. Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster by genomic mining and functional proof of the genes by biochemical investigation Abstract: Based on the structural information of acetylaszonalenin isolated from Neosartorya fischeri, a putative biosynthetic gene cluster was identified in the genome sequence of this fungus by genomic mining. This cluster consists of three genes coding for a putative non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (AnaPS), a prenyltransferase (AnaPT), and an acetyltransferase (AnaAT). The coding sequences of anaPT and anaAT were cloned in pQE70 and pQE60, respectively, and overexpressed in Escherichia coli. The soluble His(6) fusion proteins were purified to near homogeneity and characterized biochemically. The structures of the enzymatic products were elucidated by NMR and mass spectroscopy analysis. AnaPT was found to catalyze the reverse prenylation of (R)-benzodiazepinedione at position C3 of the indole moiety in the presence of dimethylallyl diphosphate, resulting in formation of aszonalenin. AnaAT was found to catalyze the acetylation of aszonalenin at position N1 of the indoline moiety in the presence of acetyl coenzyme A, resulting in formation of acetylaszonalenin. Km values of AnaPT were determined for dimethylallyl diphosphate at 156 microm and for (R)-benzodiazepinedione at 232 microm. Km values of AnaAT were determined for acetyl coenzyme A at 96 microm and for aszonalenin at 61 microm. The turnover numbers of the AnaPT and AnaAT reactions were determined at 1.5 and 0.14 s(-1), respectively.	1
Title: Anthranilate-activating modules from fungal nonribosomal peptide assembly lines Abstract: Fungal natural products containing benzodiazepinone- and quinazolinone-fused ring systems can be assembled by nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) using the conformationally restricted beta-amino acid anthranilate as one of the key building blocks. We validated that the first module of the acetylaszonalenin synthetase of Neosartorya fischeri NRRL 181 activates anthranilate to anthranilyl-AMP. With this as a starting point, we then used bioinformatic predictions about fungal adenylation domain selectivities to identify and confirm an anthranilate-activating module in the fumiquinazoline A producer Aspergillus fumigatus Af293 as well as a second anthranilate-activating NRPS in N. fischeri. This establishes an anthranilate adenylation domain code for fungal NRPS and should facilitate detection and cloning of gene clusters for benzodiazepine- and quinazoline-containing polycyclic alkaloids with a wide range of biological activities.	1
Title: Identification and transcriptional organization of a gene cluster involved in biosynthesis and transport of acinetobactin, a siderophore produced by Acinetobacter baumannii ATCC 19606T Abstract: In order to assimilate iron, Acinetobacter baumannii ATCC 19606(T) produces a siderophore named acinetobactin (Ab) that is composed of equimolar quantities of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA), L-threonine and N-hydroxyhistamine. Application of the Fur titration assay system to A. baumannii genomic libraries, followed by further cloning of the regions surrounding the candidate genes, led to the identification of the Ab cluster, which harbours the genetic determinants necessary for the biosynthesis and transport of the siderophore. However, an entA homologue essential for DHBA biosynthesis was not found in this cluster. Functions of potential biosynthetic genes inferred by homology studies suggested that the precursors, DHBA, l-threonine and N-hydroxyhistamine, are linked in steps resembling those of bacterial non-ribosomal peptide synthesis to form Ab. Genes responsible for the two-step biosynthesis of N-hydroxyhistamine from histidine were also identified in this cluster. Their genetic organization suggests that five genes involved in the transport system of ferric Ab into the cell cytosol form an operon. Construction of disruptants of some selected genes followed by phenotypic analysis supported their predicted biological functions. Interestingly, three additional genes probably involved in the intracellular release of iron from ferric Ab and the secretion of nascent Ab are contained in this cluster. Primer extension and RT-PCR analyses suggested that the Ab cluster, which includes 18 genes, is organized in seven transcriptional units originating from respective Fur-regulated promoter-operator regions.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a cluster of genes involved in biosynthesis and transport of acinetoferrin, a siderophore produced by Acinetobacter haemolyticus ATCC 17906T Abstract: Acinetobacter haemolyticus ATCC 17906(T) is known to produce the siderophore acinetoferrin under iron-limiting conditions. Here, we show that an operon consisting of eight consecutive genes, named acbABCD and actBCAD, participates in the biosynthesis and transport of acinetoferrin, respectively. Transcription of the operon was found to be iron-regulated by a putative Fur box located in the promoter region of the first gene, acbA. Homology searches suggest that acbABCD and actA encode enzyme proteins involved in acinetoferrin biosynthesis and an outer-membrane receptor for ferric acinetoferrin, respectively. Mutants defective in acbA and actA were unable to produce acinetoferrin or to express the ferric acinetoferrin receptor under iron-limiting conditions. These abilities were rescued by complementation of the mutants with native acbA and actA genes. Secondary structure analysis predicted that the products of actC and actD may be inner-membrane proteins with 12 membrane-spanning helices that belong to the major facilitator superfamily proteins. ActC showed homology to Sinorhizobium meliloti RhtX, which has been characterized as an inner-membrane importer for ferric rhizobactin 1021 structurally similar to acinetoferrin. Compared to the parental ATCC 17906(T) strain, the actD mutant displayed about a 35 % reduction in secretion of acinetoferrin, which was restored by complementation with actD, suggesting that ActD acts as an exporter of the siderophore. Finally, the actB product was significantly similar to hypothetical proteins in certain bacteria, in which genes encoding ActBCA homologues are arranged in the same order as in A. haemolyticus ATCC 17906(T). However, the function of ActB remains to be clarified.	1
Title: The actinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces chrysomallus: a genetic hall of mirrors for synthesis of a molecule with mirror symmetry Abstract: A gene cluster was identified which contains genes involved in the biosynthesis of actinomycin encompassing 50 kb of contiguous DNA on the chromosome of Streptomyces chrysomallus. It contains 28 genes with biosynthetic functions and is bordered on both sides by IS elements. Unprecedentedly, the cluster consists of two large inverted repeats of 11 and 13 genes, respectively, with four nonribosomal peptide synthetase genes in the middle. Nine genes in each repeat have counterparts in the other, in the same arrangement but in the opposite orientation, suggesting an inverse duplication of one of the arms during the evolution of the gene cluster. All of the genes appear to be organized into operons, each corresponding to a functional section of actinomycin biosynthesis, such as peptide assembly, regulation, resistance, and biosynthesis of the precursor of the actinomycin chromophore 4-methyl-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid (4-MHA). For 4-MHA synthesis, functional analysis revealed genes that encode pathway-specific isoforms of tryptophan dioxygenase, kynurenine formamidase, and hydroxykynureninase, which are distinct from the corresponding enzyme activities of cellular tryptophan catabolism in their regulation and in part in their substrate specificity. Phylogenetic analysis indicates that the pathway-specific tryptophan metabolism in Streptomyces most probably evolved divergently from the normal pathway of tryptophan catabolism to provide an extra or independent supply of building blocks for the synthesis of tryptophan-derived secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and structure of aeruginoside 126A and 126B, cyanobacterial peptide glycosides bearing a 2-carboxy-6-hydroxyoctahydroindole moiety Abstract: Aeruginosins represent a group of peptide metabolites isolated from various cyanobacterial genera and from marine sponges that potently inhibit different types of serine proteases. Members of this family are characterized by the presence of a 2-carboxy-6-hydroxyoctahydroindole (Choi) moiety. We have identified and fully sequenced a NRPS gene cluster in the genome of the cyanobacterium Planktothrix agardhii CYA126/8. Insertional mutagenesis of a NRPS component led to the discovery and structural elucidation of two glycopeptides that were designated aeruginoside 126A and aeruginoside 126B. One variant of the aglycone contains a 1-amino-2-(N-amidino-Delta(3)-pyrrolinyl)ethyl moiety at the C terminus, the other bears an agmatine residue. In silico analyses of the aeruginoside biosynthetic genes aerA-aerI as well as additional mutagenesis and feeding studies allowed the prediction of enzymatic steps leading to the formation of aeruginosides and the unusual Choi moiety.	1
Title: Prephenate decarboxylases: a new prephenate-utilizing enzyme family that performs nonaromatizing decarboxylation en route to diverse secondary metabolites Abstract: Prephenate is the direct precursor of phenylpyruvate and 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate in the biogenesis of phenylalanine and tyrosine by action of the decarboxylative, aromatizing enzymes prephenate dehydratase and dehydrogenase, respectively. The recent characterization of BacA in bacilysin biosynthesis as a nonaromatizing decarboxylase reveals a new route from prephenate in the biosynthesis of nonproteinogenic amino acids. This study describes two additional enzymes, AerD from Planktothrix agardhii and SalX from Salinispora tropica, that utilize the central building block prephenate for flux down distinct pathways to amino acid products, representing a new metabolic fate for prephenate and establishing a new family of nonaromatizing prephenate decarboxylases.	1
Title: Plasticity and evolution of aeruginosin biosynthesis in cyanobacteria Abstract: Aeruginosins are bioactive oligopeptides that are produced in high structural diversity by strains of the bloom-forming cyanobacterial genera Microcystis and Planktothrix. A hallmark of aeruginosins is the unusual Choi moiety central to the tetrapeptides, while other positions are occupied by variable moieties in individual congeners. Here we report on three aeruginosin synthetase gene clusters (aer) of Microcystis aeruginosa (strains PCC 7806, NIES-98, and NIES-843). The analysis and comparison the aer gene clusters provide the first insight into the molecular basis of biosynthetic and structural plasticity in aeruginosin pathways. Major parts of the aer gene clusters are highly similar in all strains, particularly the genes coding for the first three nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) modules except for the region coding for the second adenylation domain. However, the gene clusters differ largely in genes coding for tailoring enzymes such as halogenases and sulfotransferases, reflecting structural peculiarities in aeruginosin congeners produced by the individual strains. Significant deviations were further observed in the C-terminal NRPS modules, suggesting two distinct release mechanisms. The architecture of the gene clusters is in agreement with the particular aeruginosin variants that are produced by individual strains, the structures of two of which (aeruginosins 686 A and 686 B) were elucidated. The aer gene clusters of Microcystis and Planktothrix are proposed to originate from a common ancestor and to have evolved to their present-day diversity largely through horizontal gene transfer and recombination events.	1
Title: Halogenase genes in nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters of Microcystis (cyanobacteria): sporadic distribution and evolution Abstract: Cyanobacteria of the genus Microcystis are known to produce secondary metabolites of large structural diversity by nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) pathways. For a number of such compounds, halogenated congeners have been reported along with nonhalogenated ones. In the present study, chlorinated cyanopeptolin- and/or aeruginosin-type peptides were detected by mass spectrometry in 17 out of 28 axenic strains of Microcystis. In these strains, a halogenase gene was identified between 2 genes coding for NRPS modules in respective gene clusters, whereas it was consistently absent when the strains produced only nonchlorinated corresponding congeners. Nucleotide sequences were obtained for 12 complete halogenase genes and 14 intermodule regions of gene clusters lacking a halogenase gene or containing only fragments of it. When a halogenase gene was found absent, a specific, identical excision pattern was observed for both synthetase gene clusters in most strains. A phylogenetic analysis including other bacterial halogenases showed that the NRPS-related halogenases of Microcystis form a monophyletic group divided into 2 subgroups, corresponding to either the cyanopeptolin or the aeruginosin peptide synthetases. The distribution of these peptide synthetase gene clusters, among the tested Microcystis strains, was found in relative agreement with their phylogeny reconstructed from 16S-23S rDNA intergenic spacer sequences, whereas the distribution of the associated halogenase genes appears to be sporadic. The presented data suggest that in cyanobacteria these prevalent halogenase genes originated from an ancient horizontal gene transfer followed by duplication in the cyanobacterial lineage. We propose an evolutionary scenario implying repeated gene losses to explain the distribution of halogenase genes in 2 NRPS gene clusters that subsequently defines the seemingly erratic production of halogenated and nonhalogenated aeruginosins and cyanopeptolins among Microcystis strains.	1
Title: Targeted capture and heterologous expression of the Pseudoalteromonas alterochromide gene cluster in Escherichia coli represents a promising natural product exploratory platform Abstract: Marine pseudoalteromonads represent a very promising source of biologically important natural product molecules. To access and exploit the full chemical capacity of these cosmopolitan Gram-(-) bacteria, we sought to apply universal synthetic biology tools to capture, refactor, and express biosynthetic gene clusters for the production of complex organic compounds in reliable host organisms. Here, we report a platform for the capture of proteobacterial gene clusters using a transformation-associated recombination (TAR) strategy coupled with direct pathway manipulation and expression in Escherichia coli. The ~34 kb pathway for production of alterochromide lipopeptides by Pseudoalteromonas piscicida JCM 20779 was captured and heterologously expressed in E. coli utilizing native and E. coli-based T7 promoter sequences. Our approach enabled both facile production of the alterochromides and in vivo interrogation of gene function associated with alterochromide's unusual brominated lipid side chain. This platform represents a simple but effective strategy for the discovery and biosynthetic characterization of natural products from marine proteobacteria.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of amychelin, an unusual mixed-ligand siderophore from Amycolatopsis sp. AA4 Abstract: Actinobacteria generate a large number of structurally diverse small molecules with potential therapeutic value. Genomic analyses of this productive group of bacteria show that their genetic potential to manufacture small molecules exceeds their observed ability by roughly an order of magnitude, and this revelation has prompted a number of studies to identify members of the unknown majority. As a potential window into this cryptic secondary metabolome, pairwise assays for developmental interactions within a set of 20 sequenced actinomycetes were carried out. These assays revealed that Amycolatopsis sp. AA4, a so-called "rare" actinomycete, produces a novel siderophore, amychelin, which alters the developmental processes of several neighboring streptomycetes. Using this phenotype as an assay, we isolated amychelin and solved its structure by NMR and MS methods coupled with an X-ray crystallographic analysis of its Fe-complex. The iron binding affinity of amychelin was determined using EDTA competition assays, and a biosynthetic cluster was identified and annotated to provide a tentative biosynthetic scheme for amychelin.	1
Title: Genetic variation of adenylation domains of the anabaenopeptin synthesis operon and evolution of substrate promiscuity Abstract: Anabaenopeptins (AP) are bioactive cyclic hexapeptides synthesized nonribosomally in cyanobacteria. APs are characterized by several conserved motifs, including the ureido bond, N-methylation in position 5, and d-Lys in position 2. All other positions of the AP molecule are variable, resulting in numerous structural variants. We have identified a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) operon from Planktothrix agardhii strain CYA126/8 consisting of five genes (apnA to apnE) encoding six NRPS modules and have confirmed its role in AP synthesis by the generation of a mutant via insertional inactivation of apnC. In order to correlate the genetic diversity among adenylation domains (A domains) with AP structure variation, we sequenced the A domains of all six NRPS modules from seven Planktothrix strains differing in the production of AP congeners. It is remarkable that single strains coproduce APs bearing either of the chemically divergent amino acids Arg and Tyr in exocyclic position 1. Since the A domain of the initiation module (the ApnA A₁ domain) has been proposed to activate the amino acid incorporated into exocyclic position 1, we decided to analyze this domain both biochemically and phylogenetically. Only ApnA A₁ enzymes from strains producing AP molecules containing Arg or Tyr in position 1 were found to activate these two chemically divergent amino acids in vitro. Phylogenetic analysis of apn A domain sequences revealed that strains with a promiscuous ApnA A₁ domain are derived from an ancestor that activates only Arg. Surprisingly, positive selection appears to affect only three codons within the apnA A₁ gene, suggesting that this remarkable promiscuity has evolved from point mutations only.	1
Title: Two alternative starter modules for the non-ribosomal biosynthesis of specific anabaenopeptin variants in Anabaena (Cyanobacteria) Abstract: Anabaenopeptins are a diverse family of cyclic hexapeptide protease inhibitors produced by cyanobacteria that contain a conserved ureido bond and D-Lys moiety. Here we demonstrate that anabaenopeptins are assembled on a nonribosomal peptide synthetase enzyme complex encoded by a 32 kb apt gene cluster in the cyanobacterium Anabaena sp. strain 90. Surprisingly, the gene cluster encoded two alternative starter modules organized in separate bimodular proteins. The starter modules display high substrate specificity for L-Arg/L-Lys and L-Tyr, respectively, and allow the specific biosynthesis of different anabaenopeptin variants. The two starter modules were found also in other Anabaena strains. However, just a single module was present in the anabaenopeptin gene clusters of Nostoc and Nodularia, respectively. The organization of the apt gene cluster in Anabaena represents an exception to the established colinearity rule of linear non-ribosomal peptide synthetases.	1
Title: Benzodiazepine biosynthesis in Streptomyces refuineus Abstract: Anthramycin is a benzodiazepine alkaloid with potent antitumor and antibiotic activity produced by the thermophilic actinomycete Streptomyces refuineus sbsp. thermotolerans. In this study, the complete 32.5 kb gene cluster for the biosynthesis of anthramycin was identified by using a genome-scanning approach, and cluster boundaries were estimated via comparative genomics. A lambda-RED-mediated gene-replacement system was developed to provide supporting evidence for critical biosynthetic genes and to validate the boundaries of the proposed anthramycin gene cluster. Sequence analysis reveals that the 25 open reading frame anthramycin cluster contains genes consistent with the biosynthesis of the two halves of anthramycin: 4 methyl-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid and a "dehydroproline acrylamide" moiety. These nonproteinogenic amino acid precursors are condensed by a two-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) terminated by a reductase domain, consistent with the final hemiaminal oxidation state of anthramycin.	1
Title: Functional characterization and manipulation of the apicidin biosynthetic pathway in Fusarium semitectum Abstract: Apicidin is a cyclic tetrapeptide produced by certain isolates of Fusarium semitectum and has been shown to inhibit Apicomplexan histone deacetylase. An apicidin-producing strain (KCTC16676) of the filamentous fungus was mutated using an Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation, resulting in 24 apicidin-deficient mutants. Three of the mutants had a T-DNA insertion in a gene that encodes a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). Results of sequence, expression, and gene deletion analyses defined an apicidin biosynthetic gene cluster, and the NRPS gene was named as apicidin synthetase gene 1 (APS1). A 63 kb region surrounding APS1 was sequenced and analysis revealed the presence of 19 genes. All of the genes including APS1 were individually deleted to determine their roles in apicidin biosynthesis. Chemical analyses of the mutant strains showed that eight genes are required for apicidin production and were used to propose an apicidin biosynthetic pathway. The apicidin analogues apicidin E, apicidin D(2) and apicidin B were identified from chemical analysis of the mutants. The cluster gene APS2, a putative transcription factor, was shown to regulate expression of the genes in the cluster and overexpression of APS2 increased apicidin production. This study establishes the apicidin biosynthetic pathway and provides new opportunities to improve the production of apicidin and produce new analogues.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the genes responsible for the production of the cyclic lipopeptide arthrofactin by Pseudomonas sp. MIS38 Abstract: Pseudomonas sp. MIS38 produces an effective biosurfactant named arthrofactin, which is a cyclic lipopeptide synthesized by a mega complex composed of three nonribosomal peptide synthetases. In order to gain insight into the control mechanism of arthrofactin production, a Tn5 mutant library was constructed and screened for arthrofactin-deficient mutants. Along with a number of mutations that occurred in the arthrofactin synthetase operon, three other mutants harbored distinct Tn5 insertions in the genes encoding SyrF-like protein (arfF), heat shock protein (htpG), and (p)ppGpp synthetase/hydrolase (spoT). Epistasis analyses revealed that spoT functions early in the arthrofactin production pathway. We also found that spoT affects MIS38 swarming, biofilm formation, and the cell morphology.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the gene cluster encoding arthrofactin synthetase from Pseudomonas sp. MIS38 Abstract: Arthrofactin is a potent cyclic lipopeptide-type biosurfactant produced by Pseudomonas sp. MIS38. In this work, an arthrofactin synthetase gene cluster (arf) spanning 38.7 kb was cloned and characterized. Three genes termed arfA, arfB, and arfC encode ArfA, ArfB, and ArfC, containing two, four, and five functional modules, respectively. Each module bears condensation, adenylation, and thiolation domains, like other nonribosomal peptide synthetases. However, unlike most of them, none of the 11 modules possess the epimerization domain responsible for the conversion of amino acid residues from L to D form. Possible L- and D-Leu adenylation domains specifically recognized only L-Leu. Moreover, two thioesterase domains are tandemly located at the C-terminal end of ArfC. These results suggest that ArfA, ArfB, and ArfC assemble to form a unique structure. Gene disruption of arfB impaired arthrofactin production, reduced swarming activity, and enhanced biofilm formation.	1
Title: Imaging mass spectrometry and genome mining via short sequence tagging identified the anti-infective agent arylomycin in Streptomyces roseosporus Abstract: Here, we described the discovery of anti-infective agent arylomycin and its biosynthetic gene cluster in an industrial daptomycin producing strain Streptomyces roseosporus. This was accomplished via the use of MALDI imaging mass spectrometry (IMS) along with peptidogenomic approach in which we have expanded to short sequence tagging (SST) described herein. Using IMS, we observed that prior to the production of daptomycin, a cluster of ions (1-3) was produced by S. roseosporus and correlated well with the decreased staphylococcal cell growth. With a further adopted SST peptidogenomics approach, which relies on the generation of sequence tags from tandem mass spectrometric data and query against genomes to identify the biosynthetic genes, we were able to identify these three molecules (1-3) to arylomycins, a class of broad-spectrum antibiotics that target type I signal peptidase. The gene cluster was then identified. This highlights the strength of IMS and MS guided genome mining approaches in effectively bridging the gap between phenotypes, chemotypes, and genotypes.	1
Title: Cloning and molecular characterization of the gene encoding the Aureobasidin A biosynthesis complex in Aureobasidium pullulans BP-1938 Abstract: The gene (aba1) encoding the NRPS complex responsible for the synthesis of the cyclic peptide antibiotic Aureobasidin A (AbA) in Aureobasidium pullulans BP-1938, was cloned using a combination of PCR and library screening approaches. The aba1 gene was found to consist of a single, intronless open reading frame (ORF) of 34,980 bp, encoding an 11,659 amino acid protein with a calculated molecular mass of 1,286,254 Da. Putative promoter and translation start elements were identified upstream from the putative ATG in the aba1 gene, and a consensus poly(A) addition signal (AATAAA) was identified 191 bp downstream of the translation termination codon (TGA). As predicted by the structure AbA, the aba1 gene encodes an enzyme composed of nine biosynthetic modules, eight of which contain adenylation domains with recognizable amino acid specificity-conferring code elements, and four of which contain embedded methylation domains. The biosynthetic module located at position one in the aba1 gene lacks recognizable specificity-conferring code elements, consistent with it being responsible for incorporation of the 2-hydroxy-3-methylpentanoic acid residue at that position in AbA. An unusual feature of the aba1 gene sequence is a very high degree of shared identity among eight of the biosynthetic modules, at both the nucleotide and amino acid level. The majority of the modules share better than 70% nucleotide identity with another module in the complex, and modules with the same amino acid adenylation specificity share up to 95% identity. Insertion of a hygromycin B phosphotransferase (HPT) gene cassette in place of the module 4 sequence in aba1 resulted in a cessation of AbA production, thus validating that the isolated gene encodes the AbA biosynthesis complex.	1
Title: Characterization of AusA: a dimodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase responsible for the production of aureusimine pyrazinones Abstract: Aureusimines have been identified as potential virulence factors in Staphylococcus aureus. These pyrazinone secondary metabolites are produced by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) annotated as AusA. We report the overproduction of AusA as a 277 kDa soluble protein with A(1)-T(1)-C-A(2)-T(2)-R bimodular architecture. The substrate specificity of each adenylation (A) domain was initially probed using an ATP-pyrophosphate exchange assay with A-domain selective bisubstrate inhibitors to chemically knock out each companion A-domain. The activity of AusA was then reconstituted in vitro and shown to produce all naturally occurring aureusimines and non-natural pyrazinone products with k(cat) values ranging from 0.4 to 1.3 min(-1). Steady-state kinetic parameters were determined for all substrates and cofactors, providing the first comprehensive steady-state characterization of a NRPS employing a product formation assay. The K(M) values for the amino acids were up to 60-fold lower with the product formation assay than with the ATP-pyrophosphate exchange assay, most commonly used to assess A-domain substrate specificity. The C-terminal reductase (R) domain catalyzes reductive release of the dipeptidyl intermediate, leading to formation of an amino aldehyde that cyclizes to a dihydropyrazinone. We show oxidation to the final pyrazinone heterocycle is spontaneous. The activity and specificity of the R-domain was independently investigated using a NADPH consumption assay. AusA is a minimal autonomous two-module NRPS that represents an excellent model system for further kinetic and structural characterization.	1
Title: The complete genome sequence of the gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Bacillus subtilis is the best-characterized member of the Gram-positive bacteria. Its genome of 4,214,810 base pairs comprises 4,100 protein-coding genes. Of these protein-coding genes, 53% are represented once, while a quarter of the genome corresponds to several gene families that have been greatly expanded by gene duplication, the largest family containing 77 putative ATP-binding transport proteins. In addition, a large proportion of the genetic capacity is devoted to the utilization of a variety of carbon sources, including many plant-derived molecules. The identification of five signal peptidase genes, as well as several genes for components of the secretion apparatus, is important given the capacity of Bacillus strains to secrete large amounts of industrially important enzymes. Many of the genes are involved in the synthesis of secondary metabolites, including antibiotics, that are more typically associated with Streptomyces species. The genome contains at least ten prophages or remnants of prophages, indicating that bacteriophage infection has played an important evolutionary role in horizontal gene transfer, in particular in the propagation of bacterial pathogenesis.	1
Title: The bacitracin biosynthesis operon of Bacillus licheniformis ATCC 10716: molecular characterization of three multi-modular peptide synthetases Abstract: Background:                       The branched cyclic dodecylpeptide antibiotic bacitracin, produced by special strains of Bacillus, is synthesized nonribosomally by a large multienzyme complex composed of the three bacitracin synthetases BA1, BA2 and BA3. These enzymes activate and incorporate the constituent amino acids of bacitracin by a thiotemplate mechanism in a pathway driven by a protein template. The biochemical features of these enzymes have been studied intensively but little is known about the molecular organization of their genes.                  Results:                       The entire bacitracin synthetase operon containing the genes bacA-bacC was cloned and sequenced, identifying a modular structure typical of peptide synthetases. The bacA gene product (BA1, 598kDa) contains five modules, with an internal epimerization domain attached to the fourth; bacB encodes BA2 (297kDa), and has two modules and a carboxy-terminal epimerization domain; bacC encodes BA3, five modules (723kDa) with additional internal epimerization domains attached to the second and fourth. A carboxy-terminal putative thioesterase domain was also detected in BA3. A putative cyclization domain was found in BA1 that may be involved in thiazoline ring formation. The adenylation/thioester-binding domains of the first two BA1 modules were overproduced and the detected amino-acid specificity coincides with the first two amino acids in bacitracin. Disruption of chromosomal bacB resulted in a bacitracin-deficient mutant.                  Conclusions:                       The genes encoding the bacitracin synthetases BA1, BA2 and BA3 are organized in an operon, the structure of which reflects the modular architecture expected of peptide synthetases. In addition, a putative thiazoline ring formation domain was identified in the BA1 gene.	1
Title: Identification and analysis of the balhimycin biosynthetic gene cluster and its use for manipulating glycopeptide biosynthesis in Amycolatopsis mediterranei DSM5908 Abstract: Seven complete genes and one incomplete gene for the biosynthesis of the glycopeptide antibiotic balhimycin were isolated from the producer, Amycolatopsis mediterranei DSM5908, by a reverse-cloning approach and characterized. Using oligonucleotides derived from glycosyltransferase sequences, a 900-bp glycosyltransferase gene fragment was amplified and used to identify a DNA fragment of 9,882 bp. Of the identified open reading frames, three (oxyA to -C) showed significant sequence similarities to cytochrome P450 monooxygenases and one (bhaA) showed similarities to halogenase, and the genes bgtfA to -C showed similarities to glycosyltransferases. Glycopeptide biosynthetic mutants were created by gene inactivation experiments eliminating oxygenase and glycosyltransferase functions. Inactivation of the oxygenase gene(s) resulted in a balhimycin mutant (SP1-1) which was not able to synthesize an antibiotically active compound. Structural analysis by high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, fragmentation studies, and amino acid analysis demonstrated that these oxygenases are involved in the coupling of the aromatic side chains of the unusual heptapeptide. Mutant strain HD1, created by inactivation of the glycosyltransferase gene bgtfB, produced at least four different compounds which were not glycosylated but still antibiotically active.	1
Title: A polyketide synthase in glycopeptide biosynthesis: the biosynthesis of the non-proteinogenic amino acid (S)-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine Abstract: Balhimycin, a vancomycin-type antibiotic from Amycolatopsis mediterranei, contains the unusual amino acid (S)-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine (Dpg), with an acetate-derived carbon backbone. After sequence analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster, one gene, dpgA, for a predicted polyketide synthase (PKS) was identified, sharing 20-30% identity with plant chalcone synthases. Inactivation of dpgA resulted in loss of balhimycin production, and restoration was achieved by supplementation with 3,5-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid, which is both a possible product of a PKS reaction and a likely precursor of Dpg. Enzyme assays with the protein expressed in Streptomyces lividans showed that this PKS uses only malonyl-CoA as substrate to synthesize 3,5-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid. The PKS gene is organized in an operon-like structure with three downstream genes that are similar to enoyl-CoA-hydratase genes and a dehydrogenase gene. The heterologous co-expression of all four genes led to accumulation of 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglyoxylic acid. Therefore, we now propose a reaction sequence. The final step in the pathway to Dpg is a transamination. A predicted transaminase gene was inactivated, resulting in abolished antibiotic production and accumulation of 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglyoxylic acid. Interestingly, restoration was only possible by simultaneous supplementation with (S)-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine and (S)-4-hydroxyphenylglycine, indicating that the transaminase is essential for the formation of both amino acids.	1
Title: Glycopeptide biosynthesis in Amycolatopsis mediterranei DSM5908: function of a halogenase and a haloperoxidase/perhydrolase Abstract: Glycopeptides are important clinical emergency antibiotics consisting of a glycosylated and chlorinated heptapeptide backbone. The understanding of the biosynthesis is crucial for development of new glycopeptides. With balhimycin as a model system, this work focuses on the investigation of the putative halogenase gene (bhaA) and the putative haloperoxidase/perhydrolase gene (bhp) of the balhimycin biosynthesis gene cluster. An in-frame deletion mutant in the haloperoxidase/perhydrolase gene bhp (OP696) did not produce balhimycin. Feeding experiments revealed that bhp is involved in the biosynthesis of beta-hydroxytyrosine, a precursor of balhimycin. A bhaA in-frame deletion mutant (PH4) accumulated glycosylated but nonchlorinated balhimycin variants. The mutants indicated that only the halogenase BhaA is required for chlorination of balhimycin. Nonglycosylated and/or nonhalogenated metabolites can serve as starting points for combinatorial approaches for novel glycopeptides.	1
Title: Nonribosomal biosynthesis of vancomycin-type antibiotics: a heptapeptide backbone and eight peptide synthetase modules Abstract: During analysis of the recently identified gene cluster for the glycopeptide antibiotic balhimycin, produced by Amycolatopsis mediterranei DSM 5908, novel genes were identified and characterized in detail. The gene products of four of the identified genes (bpsA, bpsB, bpsC and bpsD) are nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs); one (Orf1-protein) shows similarities to small proteins associated with several NRPSs without an assigned function. BpsA and BpsB are composed of three modules each (modules 1-6), BpsC of one module (module 7) and BpsD of a minimal module (module 8). Thus, the balhimycin gene cluster encodes eight modules, whereas its biosynthetic product is a heptapeptide. Non-producing mutants were created by a gene disruption of bpsB, an in-frame deletion of bpsC and a gene replacement of bpsD. After establishment of a gene complementation system for Amycolatopsis strains, the replacement mutant of bpsD was complemented, demonstrating for the first time that BpsD, encoding the eighth module, is indeed involved in balhimycin biosynthesis. After feeding with beta-hydroxytyrosine the capability of the bpsD mutant to produce balhimycin was restored, demonstrating the participation of BpsD in the biosynthesis of this amino acid. The specificity of four of the eight adenylation domains was determined by ATP/PP(i) exchange assays: modules 4 and 5 activated L-4-hydroxyphenylglycine, module 6 activated beta-hydroxytyrosine and module 7 activated L-3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine, which is in accordance with the sequence of the non-proteogenic amino acids 4 to 7 of the balhimycin backbone.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the cyclooligomer depsipeptide bassianolide, an insecticidal virulence factor of Beauveria bassiana Abstract: Beauveria bassiana is a facultative entomopathogen with an extremely broad host range that is used as a commercial biopesticide for the control of insects of agricultural, veterinary and medical significance. B. bassiana produces bassianolide, a cyclooligomer depsipeptide secondary metabolite. We have cloned the bbBsls gene of B. bassiana encoding a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). Targeted inactivation of the B. bassiana genomic copy of bbBsls abolished bassianolide production, but did not affect the biosynthesis of beauvericin, another cyclodepsipeptide produced by the strain. Comparative sequence analysis of the BbBSLS bassianolide synthetase revealed enzymatic domains for the iterative synthesis of an enzyme-bound dipeptidol monomer intermediate from d-2-hydroxyisovalerate and l-leucine. Further BbBSLS domains are predicted to catalyze the formation of the cyclic tetrameric ester bassianolide by recursive condensations of this monomer. Comparative infection assays against three selected insect hosts established bassianolide as a highly significant virulence factor of B. bassiana.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the cyclooligomer depsipeptide beauvericin, a virulence factor of the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana Abstract: Beauvericin, a cyclohexadepsipeptide ionophore from the entomopathogen Beauveria bassiana, shows antibiotic, antifungal, insecticidal, and cancer cell antiproliferative and antihaptotactic (cell motility inhibitory) activity in vitro. The bbBeas gene encoding the BbBEAS nonribosomal peptide synthetase was isolated from B. bassiana and confirmed to be responsible for beauvericin biosynthesis by targeted disruption. BbBEAS utilizes D-2-hydroxyisovalerate (D-Hiv) and L-phenylalanine (Phe) for the iterative synthesis of a predicted N-methyl-dipeptidol intermediate, and forms the cyclic trimeric ester beauvericin from this intermediate in an unusual recursive process. Heterologous expression of the bbBeas gene in Escherichia coli to produce the 3189 amino acid, 351.9 kDa BbBEAS enzyme provided a strain proficient in beauvericin biosynthesis. Comparative infection assays with a BbBEAS knockout B. bassiana strain against three insect hosts revealed that beauvericin plays a highly significant but not indispensable role in virulence.	1
Title: MS/MS networking guided analysis of molecule and gene cluster families Abstract: The ability to correlate the production of specialized metabolites to the genetic capacity of the organism that produces such molecules has become an invaluable tool in aiding the discovery of biotechnologically applicable molecules. Here, we accomplish this task by matching molecular families with gene cluster families, making these correlations to 60 microbes at one time instead of connecting one molecule to one organism at a time, such as how it is traditionally done. We can correlate these families through the use of nanospray desorption electrospray ionization MS/MS, an ambient pressure MS technique, in conjunction with MS/MS networking and peptidogenomics. We matched the molecular families of peptide natural products produced by 42 bacilli and 18 pseudomonads through the generation of amino acid sequence tags from MS/MS data of specific clusters found in the MS/MS network. These sequence tags were then linked to biosynthetic gene clusters in publicly accessible genomes, providing us with the ability to link particular molecules with the genes that produced them. As an example of its use, this approach was applied to two unsequenced Pseudoalteromonas species, leading to the discovery of the gene cluster for a molecular family, the bromoalterochromides, in the previously sequenced strain P. piscicida JCM 20779(T). The approach itself is not limited to 60 related strains, because spectral networking can be readily adopted to look at molecular family-gene cluster families of hundreds or more diverse organisms in one single MS/MS network.	1
Title: Structure, biosynthetic origin, and engineered biosynthesis of calcium-dependent antibiotics from Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: The calcium-dependent antibiotic (CDA), from Streptomyces coelicolor, is an acidic lipopeptide comprising an N-terminal 2,3-epoxyhexanoyl fatty acid side chain and several nonproteinogenic amino acid residues. S. coelicolor grown on solid media was shown to produce several previously uncharacterized peptides with C-terminal Z-dehydrotryptophan residues. The CDA biosynthetic gene cluster contains open reading frames encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetases, fatty acid synthases, and enzymes involved in precursor supply and tailoring of the nascent peptide. On the basis of protein sequence similarity and chemical reasoning, the biosynthesis of CDA is rationalized. Deletion of SCO3229 (hmaS), a putative 4-hydroxymandelic acid synthase-encoding gene, abolishes CDA production. The exogenous supply of 4-hydroxymandelate, 4-hydroxyphenylglyoxylate, or 4-hydroxyphenylglycine re-establishes CDA production by the DeltahmaS mutant. Feeding analogs of these precursors to the mutant resulted in the directed biosynthesis of novel lipopeptides with modified arylglycine residues.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the (2S,3R)-3-methyl glutamate residue of nonribosomal lipopeptides Abstract: The calcium-dependent antibiotics (CDAs) and daptomycin are therapeutically relevant nonribosomal lipopeptide antibiotics that contain penultimate C-terminal 3-methyl glutamate (3-MeGlu) residues. Comparison with synthetic standards showed that (2S,3R)-configured 3-MeGlu is present in both CDA and daptomycin. Deletion of a putative methyltransferase gene glmT from the cda biosynthetic gene cluster abolished the incorporation of 3-MeGlu and resulted in the production of Glu-containing CDA exclusively. However, the 3-MeGlu chemotype could be re-established through feeding synthetic 3-methyl-2-oxoglutarate and (2S,3R)-3-MeGlu, but not (2S,3S)-3-MeGlu. This indicates that methylation occurs before peptide assembly, and that the module 10 A-domain of the CDA peptide synthetase is specific for the (2S,3R)-stereoisomer. Further mechanistic analyses suggest that GlmT catalyzes the SAM-dependent methylation of alpha-ketoglutarate to give (3R)-methyl-2-oxoglutarate, which is transaminated to (2S,3R)-3-MeGlu. These insights will facilitate future efforts to engineer lipopeptides with modified glutamate residues, which may have improved bioactivity and/or reduced toxicity.	1
Title: Stereospecific enzymatic transformation of alpha-ketoglutarate to (2S,3R)-3-methyl glutamate during acidic lipopeptide biosynthesis Abstract: The acidic lipopeptides, including the calcium-dependent antibiotics (CDA), daptomycin, and A54145, are important macrocyclic peptide natural products produced by Streptomyces species. All three compounds contain a 3-methyl glutamate (3-MeGlu) as the penultimate C-terminal residue, which is important for bioactivity. Here, biochemical in vitro reconstitution of the 3-MeGlu biosynthetic pathway is presented, using exclusively enzymes from the CDA producer Streptomyces coelicolor. It is shown that the predicted 3-MeGlu methyltransferase GlmT and its homologues DptI from the daptomycin producer Streptomyces roseosporus and LptI from the A54145 producer Streptomyces fradiae do not methylate free glutamic acid, PCP-bound glutamate, or Glu-containing CDA in vitro. Instead, GlmT, DptI, and LptI are S-adenosyl methionine (SAM)-dependent alpha-ketoglutarate methyltransferases that catalyze the stereospecific methylation of alpha-ketoglutarate (alphaKG) leading to (3R)-3-methyl-2-oxoglutarate. Subsequent enzyme screening identified the branched chain amino acid transaminase IlvE (SCO5523) as an efficient catalyst for the transformation of (3R)-3-methyl-2-oxoglutarate into (2S,3R)-3-MeGlu. Comparison of reversed-phase HPLC retention time of dabsylated 3-MeGlu generated by the coupled enzymatic reaction with dabsylated synthetic standards confirmed complete stereocontrol during enzymatic catalysis. This stereospecific two-step conversion of alphaKG to (2S,3R)-3-MeGlu completes our understanding of the biosynthesis and incorporation of beta-methylated amino acids into the nonribosomal lipopeptides. Finally, understanding this pathway may provide new possibilities for the production of modified peptides in engineered microbes.	1
Title: Regulation of the Streptomyces coelicolor calcium-dependent antibiotic by absA, encoding a cluster-linked two-component system Abstract: The Streptomyces coelicolor absA two-component system was initially identified through analysis of mutations in the sensor kinase absA1 that caused inhibition of all four antibiotics synthesized by this strain. Previous genetic analysis had suggested that the phosphorylated form of AbsA2 acted as a negative regulator of antibiotic biosynthesis in S. coelicolor (T. B. Anderson, P. Brian, and W. C. Champness, Mol. Microbiol. 39:553-566, 2001). Genomic sequence data subsequently provided by the Sanger Centre (Cambridge, United Kingdom) revealed that absA was located within the gene cluster for production of one of the four antibiotics, calcium-dependent antibiotic (CDA). In this paper we have identified numerous transcriptional start sites within the CDA cluster and have shown that the original antibiotic-negative mutants used to identify absA exhibit a stronger negative regulation of promoters upstream of the proposed CDA biosynthetic genes than of promoters in the clusters responsible for production of actinorhodin and undecylprodigiosin. The same antibiotic-negative mutants also showed an increase in transcription from a promoter divergent to that of absA, upstream of a putative ABC transporter, in addition to an increase in transcription of absA itself. Interestingly, the negative regulation of the biosynthetic transcripts did not appear to be mediated by transcriptional regulation of cdaR (a gene encoding a homolog of the pathway-specific regulators of the act and red clusters) or by any other recognizable transcriptional regulator associated with the cluster. The role of absA in regulating the expression of the diverse antibiotic biosynthesis clusters in the genome is discussed in light of its location in the cda cluster.	1
Title: Phosphorylated AbsA2 negatively regulates antibiotic production in Streptomyces coelicolor through interactions with pathway-specific regulatory gene promoters Abstract: The AbsA two-component signal transduction system, comprised of the sensor kinase AbsA1 and the response regulator AbsA2, acts as a negative regulator of antibiotic production in Streptomyces coelicolor, for which the phosphorylated form of AbsA2 (AbsA2 approximately P) is the agent of repression. In this study, we used chromatin immunoprecipitation to show that AbsA2 binds the promoter regions of actII-ORF4, cdaR, and redZ, which encode pathway-specific activators for actinorhodin, calcium-dependent antibiotic, and undecylprodigiosin, respectively. We confirm that these interactions also occur in vitro and that the binding of AbsA2 to each gene is enhanced by phosphorylation. Induced expression of actII-ORF4 and redZ in the hyperrepressive absA1 mutant (C542) brought about pathway-specific restoration of actinorhodin and undecylprodigiosin production, respectively. Our results suggest that AbsA2 approximately P interacts with as many as four sites in the region that includes the actII-ORF4 promoter. These data suggest that AbsA2 approximately P inhibits antibiotic production by directly interfering with the expression of pathway-specific regulators of antibiotic biosynthetic gene clusters.	1
Title: Engineered biosynthesis of nonribosomal lipopeptides with modified fatty acid side chains Abstract: The biological properties of the calcium-dependent antibiotics (CDAs), daptomycin and related nonribosomal lipopeptides, depend to a large extent on the nature of the N-terminal fatty acid moiety. It is suggested that the chain length of the unusually short (C6) 2,3-epoxyhexanoyl fatty acid moiety of CDA is determined by the specificity of the KAS-II enzyme encoded by fabF3 in the CDA biosynthetic gene cluster. Indeed, deletion of the downstream gene hxcO results in three new lipopeptides, all of which possess hexanoyl side chains (hCDAs). This confirms that HxcO functions as a hexanoyl-CoA or -ACP oxidase. The absence of additional CDA products with longer fatty acid groups further suggests that the CDA lipid chain is biosynthesized on a single ACP and is then transferred directly from this ACP to the first CDA peptide synthetase (CdaPS1). Interestingly, the hexanoyl-containing CDAs retain antibiotic activity. To further modulate the biological properties of CDA by introducing alternative fatty acid groups, a mutasynthesis approach was developed. This involved mutating the key active site Ser residue of the CdaPS1, module 1 PCP domain to Ala, which prevents subsequent phosphopantetheinylation. In the absence of the natural module 1 PCP tethered intermediate, it is possible to effect incorporation of different N-acyl-L-serinyl N-acetylcysteamine (NAC) thioester analogues, leading to CDA products with pentanoyl as well as hexanoyl side chains.	1
Title: An asparagine oxygenase (AsnO) and a 3-hydroxyasparaginyl phosphotransferase (HasP) are involved in the biosynthesis of calcium-dependent lipopeptide antibiotics Abstract: Nonribosomal peptides contain a wide range of unusual non-proteinogenic amino acid residues. As a result, these complex natural products are amongst the most structurally diverse secondary metabolites in nature, and possess a broad spectrum of biological activities. beta-Hydroxylation of amino acid precursors or peptidyl residues and their subsequent processing by downstream tailoring enzymes are some of the most common themes in the biosynthetic diversification of these therapeutically important peptides. Identification and characterization of the biosynthetic intermediates and enzymes involved in these processes are thus pivotal in understanding nonribosomal peptide assembly and modification. To this end, the putative asparaginyl oxygenase- and 3-hydroxyasparaginyl phosphotransferase-encoding genes hasP and asnO were separately deleted from the calcium-dependent antibiotic (CDA) biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces coelicolor. Whilst the parent strains produce a number of 3-hydroxyasparagine- and 3-phosphohydroxyasparagine-containing CDAs, the DeltahasP mutants produce exclusively non-phosphorylated CDAs. On the other hand, DeltaasnO mutants produce several new Asn-containing CDAs not present in the wild-type, which retain calcium-dependent antimicrobial activity. This confirms that AsnO and HasP are required for the beta-hydroxylation and phosphorylation of the Asn residue within CDA.	1
Title: Mechanistic and structural basis of stereospecific Cbeta-hydroxylation in calcium-dependent antibiotic, a daptomycin-type lipopeptide Abstract: Non-ribosomally synthesized lipopeptide antibiotics of the daptomycin type are known to contain unnatural beta-modified amino acids, which are essential for bioactivity. Here we present the biochemical and structural basis for the incorporation of 3-hydroxyasparagine at position 9 in the 11-residue acidic lipopeptide lactone calcium-dependent antibiotic (CDA). Direct hydroxylation of l-asparagine by AsnO, a non-heme Fe(2+)/alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenase encoded by the CDA biosynthesis gene cluster, was validated by Fmoc derivatization of the reaction product and LC/MS analysis. The 1.45, 1.92, and 1.66 A crystal structures of AsnO as apoprotein, Fe(2+) complex, and product complex, respectively, with (2S,3S)-3-hydroxyasparagine and succinate revealed the stereoselectivity and substrate specificity of AsnO. The comparison of native and product-complex structures of AsnO showed a lid-like region (residues F208-E223) that seals the active site upon substrate binding and shields it from sterically demanding peptide substrates. Accordingly, beta-hydroxylated asparagine is synthesized prior to its incorporation into the growing CDA peptide. The AsnO structure could serve as a template for engineering novel enzymes for the synthesis of beta-hydroxylated amino acids.	1
Title: Active site modification of the β-ketoacyl-ACP synthase FabF3 of Streptomyces coelicolor affects the fatty acid chain length of the CDA lipopeptides Abstract: Using site directed mutagenesis we altered an active site residue (Phe107) of the enzyme encoded by fabF3 (SCO3248) in the Streptomyces coelicolor gene cluster required for biosynthesis of the calcium dependent antibiotics (CDAs), successfully generating two novel CDA derivatives comprising truncated (C4) lipid side chains and confirming that fabF3 encodes a KAS-II homologue that is involved in determining CDA fatty acid chain length.	1
Title: Exploring the mechanism of lipid transfer during biosynthesis of the acidic lipopeptide antibiotic CDA Abstract: The non-ribosomally synthesized lipodepsipeptide CDA belongs to the group of acidic lipopeptide antibiotics, whose members feature a fatty acid side chain that strongly affects their antimicrobial activity. This study elucidates the N-acylation of the N-terminal serine in the CDA peptide chain. This reaction is referred to as lipoinitiation and is shown to be catalyzed by the dissected starter C domain found at the N-terminus of Cda-PSI. The recombinantly produced C domain specifically interacts with 2,3-epoxyhexanoyl-S-ACP and catalyzes the transfer of the fatty acid moiety onto the amino group of PCP-bound serine with high selectivity for both carrier protein bound substrates at the donor and acceptor site.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster and an additional gene for resistance to the antituberculosis drug capreomycin Abstract: Capreomycin (CMN) belongs to the tuberactinomycin family of nonribosomal peptide antibiotics that are essential components of the drug arsenal for the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. Members of this antibiotic family target the ribosomes of sensitive bacteria and disrupt the function of both subunits of the ribosome. Resistance to these antibiotics in Mycobacterium species arises due to mutations in the genes coding for the 16S or 23S rRNA but can also arise due to mutations in a gene coding for an rRNA-modifying enzyme, TlyA. While Mycobacterium species develop resistance due to alterations in the drug target, it has been proposed that the CMN-producing bacterium, Saccharothrix mutabilis subsp. capreolus, uses CMN modification as a mechanism for resistance rather than ribosome modification. To better understand CMN biosynthesis and resistance in S. mutabilis subsp. capreolus, we focused on the identification of the CMN biosynthetic gene cluster in this bacterium. Here, we describe the cloning and sequence analysis of the CMN biosynthetic gene cluster from S. mutabilis subsp. capreolus ATCC 23892. We provide evidence for the heterologous production of CMN in the genetically tractable bacterium Streptomyces lividans 1326. Finally, we present data supporting the existence of an additional CMN resistance gene. Initial work suggests that this resistance gene codes for an rRNA-modifying enzyme that results in the formation of CMN-resistant ribosomes that are also resistant to the aminoglycoside antibiotic kanamycin. Thus, S. mutabilis subsp. capreolus may also use ribosome modification as a mechanism for CMN resistance.	1
Title: Genome Sequence and Annotation of Acremonium chrysogenum, Producer of the β-Lactam Antibiotic Cephalosporin C Abstract: The filamentous fungus Acremonium chrysogenum is the industrial producer of the β-lactam antibiotic cephalosporin C. Here, we present the genome sequence of strain ATCC 11550, which contains genes for 8,901 proteins, 127 tRNAs, and 22 rRNAs. Genome annotation led to the prediction of 42 gene clusters for secondary metabolites.	1
Title: The enzymes of β-lactam biosynthesis Abstract: The β-lactam antibiotics and related β-lactamase inhibitors are amongst the most important small molecules in clinical use. Most, but not all, β-lactams including penicillins, cephalosporins, and clavulanic acid are produced via fermentation or via modification of fermented intermediates, with important exceptions being the carbapenems and aztreonam. The desire for more efficient routes to existing antibiotics and for access to new and synthetically challenging ones stimulates continued interest in β-lactam biosynthesis. We review knowledge of the pathways leading to β-lactam antibiotics focusing on the mechanisms, structures and biocatalytic applications of the enzymes involved.	1
Title: Cloning and nucleotide sequence determination of the isopenicillin N synthetase gene from Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: The isopenicillin N synthetase (IPNS) gene from Streptomyces clavuligerus was isolated from an Escherichia coli plasmid library of S. clavuligerus genomic DNA fragments using a 44-mer mixed oligodeoxynucleotide probe. The nucleotide sequence of a 3-kb region of the cloned fragment from the plasmid, pBL1, was determined and analysis of the sequence showed an open reading frame that could encode a protein of 329 amino acids with an Mr of 36,917. When the S. clavuligerus DNA from pBL1 was introduced into an IPNS-deficient mutant of S. clavuligerus on the Streptomyces vector pIJ941, the recombinant plasmid was able to complement the mutation and restore IPNS activity. The protein coding region of the S. clavuligerus IPNS gene shows about 63% and 62% similarity to the Cephalosporium acremonium and Penicillium chrysogenum IPNS nucleotide sequences, respectively, and the predicted amino acid sequence of the encoded protein showed about 56% similarity to both fungal sequences.	1
Title: Transcriptional analysis of the isopenicillin N synthase-encoding gene of Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: The gene (pcbC) encoding isopenicillin N synthase of Streptomyces clavuligerus is separated from an upstream open reading frame (ORF) by a 31-bp intergenic region. Inspection of the sequence of this intergenic region did not identify a promoter sequence. The promoter probe plasmid, pIJ4083, which contains the promoter-less catechol-2,3-dioxygenase (C23O)-encoding gene (xylE) as a reporter gene, was used to analyze the sequence upstream from the pcbC gene for promoter activity. Introduction of an SphI site at the start codon of pcbC by site-directed mutagenesis allowed the cloning of a 335-bp fragment (-334 to +1 in relation to the pcbC start codon) immediately upstream from xylE in pIJ4083. C23O activity was detected in both Streptomyces lividans and S. clavuligerus cultures that contained the upstream fragment, suggesting the presence of a promoter sequence. Northern analysis of total RNA extracted from S. clavuligerus identified a monocistronic 1.2-kb transcript hybridizing to a pcbC-specific probe. When RNA was isolated at various times during growth in liquid culture, the presence of a transcript was first detected during stationary phase. Analysis of the pcbC transcript by primer extension located the transcription start point to a C residue within the upstream ORF, 91 bp upstream from the pcbC start codon.	1
Title: High-level expression of the Streptomyces clavuligerus isopenicillin N synthase gene in Escherichia coli Abstract: The pcbC gene, which encodes isopenicillin N synthase (IPNS), was subcloned from Streptomyces clavuligerus into Escherichia coli by using the pT7 series of plasmid vectors. The polymerase chain reaction was used to introduce an NdeI site at the translation initiation codon of pcbC, allowing the gene to be inserted behind an E. coli type of ribosome binding site. This construction directed high-level expression of IPNS, but the IPNS was in an inactive form in inclusion bodies. Active IPNS was recovered by solubilizing and renaturing the protein.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of a beta-lactam resistance gene encoded within the cephamycin gene cluster of Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: A Streptomyces clavuligerus gene (designated pcbR) which is located immediately downstream from the gene encoding isopenicillin N synthase in the cephamycin gene cluster was characterized. Nucleotide sequence analysis and database searching of PcbR identified a significant similarity between PcbR and proteins belonging to the family of high-molecular-weight group B penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs). Eight of nine boxes (motifs) conserved within this family of proteins are present in the PcbR protein sequence in the same order and with approximately the same spacing between them. When a mutant disrupted in pcbR was constructed by gene replacement, the resulting pcbR mutant exhibited a significant decrease in its resistance to benzylpenicillin and cephalosporins, indicating that pcbR is involved in beta-lactam resistance in this organism. Western blot (immunoblot) analysis of S. clavuligerus cell membranes using PcbR-specific antibodies suggested that PcbR is a membrane protein. PcbR was also present in cell membranes when expressed in Escherichia coli and was able to bind radioactive penicillin in a PBP assay, suggesting that PcbR is a PBP. When genomic DNAs from several actinomycetes were probed with pcbR, hybridization was observed to some but not all beta-lactam-producing actinomycetes.	1
Title: Investigation of the Streptomyces clavuligerus cephamycin C gene cluster and its regulation by the CcaR protein Abstract: As part of a search for transcriptional regulatory genes, sequence analysis of several previously unsequenced gaps in the cephamycin biosynthetic cluster has revealed the presence in Streptomyces clavuligerus of seven genes not previously described. These include genes encoding an apparent penicillin binding protein and a transport or efflux protein, as well as the CmcI and CmcJ proteins, which catalyze late reactions in the cephamycin biosynthetic pathway. In addition, we discovered a gene, designated pcd, which displays significant homology to genes encoding semialdehyde dehydrogenases and may represent the gene encoding the long-sought-after dehydrogenase involved in the conversion of lysine to alpha-aminoadipate. Finally, two genes, sclU and rhsA, with no obvious function in cephamycin biosynthesis may define the end of the cluster. The previously described CcaR protein displays homology to a number of Streptomyces pathway-specific transcriptional activators. The ccaR gene was shown to be essential for the biosynthesis of cephamycin, clavulanic acid, and non-clavulanic acid clavams. Complementation of a deletion mutant lacking ccaR and the adjacent orf11 and blp genes showed that only ccaR was essential for the biosynthesis of cephamycin, clavulanic acid, and clavams and that mutations in orf11 or blp had no discernible effects. The lack of cephamycin production in ccaR mutants was directly attributable to the absence of biosynthetic enzymes responsible for the early and middle steps of the cephamycin biosynthetic pathway. Complementation of the ccaR deletion mutant resulted in the return of these biosynthetic enzymes and the restoration of cephamycin production.	1
Title: Early cephamycin biosynthetic genes are expressed from a polycistronic transcript in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: A polycistronic transcript that is initiated at the lat promoter has been implicated in the expression of the genes involved in early steps of cephamycin C biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus. pcbC is also expressed as a monocistronic transcript from its own promoter. However, an alternative interpretation involving expression via three separate yet interdependent transcripts has also been proposed. To distinguish between these possibilities, mutants lacking the lat promoter and containing a transcription terminator within the lat gene (Deltalat::tsr/term mutants) were created. This mutation eliminated the production of lysine-epsilon-aminotransferase (the lat gene product) but also affected the expression of downstream genes, indicating an operon arrangement. Production of delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine synthetase (ACVS) (the pcbAB gene product) was eliminated in Deltalat::tsr/term mutants, while production of isopenicillin N synthase (IPNS) (the pcbC gene product) was greatly reduced. The provision of alpha-aminoadipate to the Deltalat::tsr/term mutants, either via exogenous feeding or via lat gene complementation, did not restore production of ACVS or IPNS. Analysis of RNA isolated from the Deltalat::tsr/term mutants confirmed that the polycistronic transcript was absent but also indicated that monocistronic pcbC transcript levels were greatly decreased. In contrast, Deltalat mutants created by in-frame internal deletion of lat maintained the polycistronic transcript and allowed production of wild-type levels of both ACVS and IPNS.	1
Title: Transcriptional and translational analysis of the ccaR gene from Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: CcaR is a positive-acting transcriptional regulator involved in cephamycin C and clavulanic acid biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus. Previous sequence analyses of the ccaR gene revealed two possible start codons, an ATG, and a GTG located in-frame 18 bp downstream of the ATG. To determine the true start codon, ccaR was expressed, either from the GTG or ATG codon, in Escherichia coli. A protein product was only obtained from the ATG construct. Similarly, ccaR constructs originating from ATG or GTG and designed for expression from a glycerol-regulated promoter in Streptomyces species were prepared and used to complement a S. clavuligerus ccaR mutant. Bioassays showed that only the ATG construct could complement the ccaR mutant to restore cephamycin C production, and Western analysis confirmed the presence of CcaR in the mutant complemented with the ATG construct only. To ensure that expression of ccaR from its native promoter also initiated at the ATG rather than GTG, a conservative point mutation was introduced into ccaR, converting the GTG to GTC. The GTC construct still fully complemented a ccaR mutant, confirming that ATG is the true start codon. Inspection of the region upstream of ccaR by S1 nuclease protection and primer extension analyses indicated the presence of two transcript start points that mapped to residues located 74 and 173 bp upstream of the ATG codon.	1
Title: pcd mutants of Streptomyces clavuligerus still produce cephamycin C Abstract: Biosynthesis of cephamycin C in Streptomyces clavuligerus involves the initial conversion of lysine to alpha-aminoadipic acid. Lysine-6-aminotransferase and piperideine-6-carboxylate dehydrogenase carry out this two-step reaction, and genes encoding each of these enzymes are found within the cephamycin C gene cluster. However, while mutation of the lat gene causes complete loss of cephamycin production, pcd mutants still produce cephamycin at 30% to 70% of wild-type levels. Cephamycin production by pcd mutants could be restored to wild-type levels either by supplementation of the growth medium with alpha-aminoadipic acid or by complementation of the mutation with an intact copy of the pcd gene. Neither heterologous PCR nor Southern analyses showed any evidence for the presence of a second pcd gene. Furthermore, cell extracts from pcd mutants lack detectable PCD activity. Cephamycin production in the absence of detectable PCD activity suggests that S. clavuligerus must have some alternate means of producing the aminoadipyl-cysteinyl-valine needed for cephamycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification and partial characterization of the nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene responsible for cereulide production in emetic Bacillus cereus Abstract: Cereulide, a depsipeptide structurally related to valinomycin, is responsible for the emetic type of gastrointestinal disease caused by Bacillus cereus. Due to its chemical structure, (D-O-Leu-D-Ala-L-O-Val-L-Val)(3), cereulide might be synthesized nonribosomally. Therefore, degenerate PCR primers targeted to conserved sequence motifs of known nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes were used to amplify gene fragments from a cereulide-producing B. cereus strain. Sequence analysis of one of the amplicons revealed a DNA fragment whose putative gene product showed significant homology to valine activation NRPS modules. The sequences of the flanking regions of this DNA fragment revealed a complete module that is predicted to activate valine, as well as a putative carboxyl-terminal thioesterase domain of the NRPS gene. Disruption of the peptide synthetase gene by insertion of a kanamycin cassette through homologous recombination produced cereulide-deficient mutants. The valine-activating module was highly conserved when sequences from nine emetic B. cereus strains isolated from diverse geographical locations were compared. Primers were designed based on the NRPS sequence, and the resulting PCR assay, targeting the ces gene, was tested by using a panel of 143 B. cereus group strains and 40 strains of other bacterial species showing PCR bands specific for only the cereulide-producing B. cereus strains.	1
Title: Cereulide synthetase gene cluster from emetic Bacillus cereus: structure and location on a mega virulence plasmid related to Bacillus anthracis toxin plasmid pXO1 Abstract: Background:                       Cereulide, a depsipeptide structurally related to valinomycin, is responsible for the emetic type of gastrointestinal disease caused by Bacillus cereus. Recently, it has been shown that this toxin is produced by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), but its exact genetic organization and biochemical synthesis is unknown.                  Results:                       The complete sequence of the cereulide synthetase (ces) gene cluster, which encodes the enzymatic machinery required for the biosynthesis of cereulide, was dissected. The 24 kb ces gene cluster comprises 7 CDSs and includes, besides the typical NRPS genes like a phosphopantetheinyl transferase and two CDSs encoding enzyme modules for the activation and incorporation of monomers in the growing peptide chain, a CDS encoding a putative hydrolase in the upstream region and an ABC transporter in the downstream part. The enzyme modules responsible for incorporation of the hydroxyl acids showed an unusual structure while the modules responsible for the activation of the amino acids Ala and Val showed the typical domain organization of NRPS. The ces gene locus is flanked by genetic regions with high homology to virulence plasmids of B. cereus, Bacillus thuringiensis and Bacillus anthracis. PFGE and Southern hybridization showed that the ces genes are restricted to emetic B. cereus and indeed located on a 208 kb megaplasmid, which has high similarities to pXO1-like plasmids.                  Conclusion:                       The ces gene cluster that is located on a pXO1-like virulence plasmid represents, beside the insecticidal and the anthrax toxins, a third type of B. cereus group toxins encoded on megaplasmids. The ces genes are restricted to emetic toxin producers, but pXO1-like plasmids are also present in emetic-like strains. These data might indicate the presence of an ancient plasmid in B. cereus which has acquired different virulence genes over time. Due to the unusual structure of the hydroxyl acid incorporating enzyme modules of Ces, substantial biochemical efforts will be required to dissect the complete biochemical pathway of cereulide synthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of the cereulide NRPS alpha-hydroxy acid specifying modules: activation of alpha-keto acids and chiral reduction on the assembly line Abstract: Several nonribosomal peptide natural products are composites of alpha-hydroxy acid and alpha-amino acid monomers. Cereulide, the emetic toxin from the human pathogen Bacillus cereus, and valinomycin, from Streptomyces spp., are closely related macrocyclic K+ ionophores. The macrocyclic core of each natural product contains alternating peptide (six) and ester (six) bonds, and their cyclododecadepsipeptide structures consist of a tetradepsipeptide unit repeated three times. Here we overexpress the cereulide NRPS alpha-hydroxy acid specifying modules from CesA and CesB and demonstrate that each contains an alpha-keto acid activating adenylation domain and a chiral alpha-ketoacyl-S-carrier protein reductase (alpha-KR). The logic used by the cereulide NRPS is likely at work in the valinomycin NRPS and may be the general strategy used in bacterial NRPSs to form alpha-hydroxy acid containing natural products.	1
Title: Identification of the main promoter directing cereulide biosynthesis in emetic Bacillus cereus and its application for real-time monitoring of ces gene expression in foods Abstract: Cereulide, the emetic Bacillus cereus toxin, is synthesized by cereulide synthetase via a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) mechanism. Previous studies focused on the identification, structural organization, and biochemical characterization of the ces gene locus encoding cereulide synthetase; however, detailed information about the transcriptional organization of the ces genes was lacking. The present study shows that the cesPTABCD genes are transcribed as a 23-kb polycistronic transcript, while cesH, encoding a putative hydrolase, is transcribed from its own promoter. Transcription initiation was mapped by primer extension and rapid amplification of cDNA ends (RACE). Deletion analysis of promoter elements revealed a main promoter located upstream of the cesP coding sequence, encoding a 4'-phosphopantetheinyl transferase. This promoter drives transcription of cesPTABCD. In addition, intracistronic promoter regions in proximity to the translational start sites of cesB and cesT were identified but were only weakly active under the chosen assay conditions. The identified main promoter was amplified from the emetic reference strain B. cereus F4810/72 and fused to luciferase genes in order to study promoter activity in complex environments and to establish a biomonitoring system to assess cereulide production in different types of foods. ces promoter activity was strongly influenced by the food matrix and varied by 5 orders of magnitude. The amount of cereulide toxin extracted from spiked foods correlated well with the bioluminescence data, thus illustrating the potential of the established reporter system for monitoring of ces gene expression in complex matrices.	1
Title: Cereulide synthesis in emetic Bacillus cereus is controlled by the transition state regulator AbrB, but not by the virulence regulator PlcR Abstract: Cereulide, a depsipeptide structurally related to the antibiotic valinomycin, is responsible for the emetic type of gastrointestinal disease caused by Bacillus cereus. Recently, it has been shown that cereulide is produced non-ribosomally by the plasmid-encoded peptide synthetase Ces. Using deletion mutants of the emetic reference strain B. cereus F4810/72, the influence of the well-known transcription factors PlcR, Spo0A and AbrB on cereulide production and on the transcription of the cereulide synthetase gene cluster was investigated. Our data demonstrate that cereulide synthesis is independent of the B. cereus specific virulence regulator PlcR but belongs to the Spo0A-AbrB regulon. Although cereulide production turned out to be independent of sporulation, it required the activity of the sporulation factor Spo0A. The sigma(A)-promoted transcription of spo0A was found to be crucial for cereulide production, while the sigma(H)-driven transcription of spo0A did not affect cereulide synthesis. Overexpression of the transition state factor AbrB in B. cereus F4810/72 resulted in a non-toxic phenotype. Moreover, AbrB was shown to bind efficiently to the main promoter region of the ces operon, indicating that AbrB acts as a repressor of cereulide production by negatively affecting ces transcription.	1
Title: CodY orchestrates the expression of virulence determinants in emetic Bacillus cereus by impacting key regulatory circuits Abstract: Bacillus cereus causes gastrointestinal diseases and local and systemic infections elicited by the depsipeptide cereulide, enterotoxins, phospholipases, cytolysins and proteases. The PlcR-PapR quorum sensing system activates the expression of several virulence factors, whereas the Spo0A-AbrB regulatory circuit partially controls the plasmid-borne cereulide synthetase (ces) operon. Here, we show that CodY, a nutrient-responsive regulator of Gram-positive bacteria, has a profound effect on both regulatory systems, which have been assumed to operate independently of each other. Deletion of codY resulted in downregulation of virulence genes belonging to the PlcR regulon and a concomitant upregulation of the ces genes. CodY was found to be a repressor of the ces operon, but did not interact with the promoter regions of PlcR-dependent virulence genes in vitro, suggesting an indirect regulation of the latter. Furthermore, CodY binds to the promoter of the immune inhibitor metalloprotease InhA1, demonstrating that CodY directly links B. cereus metabolism to virulence. In vivo studies using a Galleria mellonella infection model, showed that the codY mutant was substantially attenuated, highlighting the importance of CodY as a key regulator of pathogenicity. Our results demonstrate that CodY profoundly modulates the virulence of B. cereus, possibly controlling the development of pathogenic traits in suitable host environments.	1
Title: Cloning and sequencing of the chaetocin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: How a fungus does it: The epidithiodiketopiperazine (ETP) fungal alkaloids, which include gliotoxin, have garnered much attention since their initial isolation. The cloning and sequencing of the biosynthetic gene cluster for another ETP, chaetocin A were used to suggest a route towards dimerization and sulfur incorporation in these molecules.	1
Title: Sequencing and analysis of genes involved in the biosynthesis of a vancomycin group antibiotic Abstract: Background:                       The emergence of resistance to vancomycin, the drug of choice against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, in enterococci has increased the need for new antibiotics. As chemical modification of the antibiotic structure is not trivial, we have initiated studies towards enzymatic modification by sequencing the DNA coding for the biosynthesis of chloroeremomycin (also known as A82846B and LY264826).                  Results:                       Analysis of 72 kilobases of genomic DNA from Amycolatopsis orientalis, the organism that produces chloroeremomycin, revealed the presence of 39 putative genes, including those coding for the biosynthesis of the antibiotic. Translation and subsequent comparison with known proteins in public databases identified enzymes responsible for the biosynthesis of the heptapeptide backbone and 4-epi-vancosamine, as well as those for chlorination and oxidation reactions involved in the biosynthesis of chloroeremomycin.                  Conclusions:                       The genes responsible for the biosynthesis of chloroeremomycin have been identified, and selective expression of these genes could lead to the synthesis of new potent glycopeptide antibiotics.	1
Title: New linear lipopeptides produced by Pseudomonas cichorii SF1-54 are involved in virulence, swarming motility, and biofilm formation Abstract: Pseudomonas cichorii is the causal agent of lettuce midrib rot, characterized by a dark-brown to green-black discoloration of the midrib. Formation of necrotic lesions by several plant-pathogenic pseudomonads is associated with production of phytotoxic lipopeptides, which contribute to virulence. Therefore, the ability of P. cichorii SF1-54 to produce lipopeptides was investigated. A cell-free culture filtrate of SF1-54 showed surfactant, antimicrobial, and phytotoxic activities which are typical for lipopeptides. High-performance liquid chromatography analysis of P. cichorii SF1-54 culture filtrate revealed the presence of seven compounds with lipopeptide characteristics. Two related lipopeptides, named cichofactin A and B, were studied in more detail: they are linear lipopeptides with a decanoic and dodecanoic lipid chain, respectively, connected to the N-terminus of an eight-amino-acid peptide moiety. Both cichofactins are new members of the syringafactin lipopeptide family. Furthermore, two nonribosomal peptide synthethase-encoding genes, cifA and cifB, were identified as responsible for cichofactin biosynthesis. A cifAB deletion mutant no longer produced cichofactins and was impaired in swarming motility but showed enhanced biofilm formation. Upon spray inoculation on lettuce, the cichofactin-deficient mutant caused significantly less rotten midribs than the wild type, indicating that cichofactins are involved in pathogenicity of P. cichorii SF1-54. Further analysis revealed that P. cichorii isolates vary greatly in swarming motility and cichofactin production.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of the model actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Streptomyces coelicolor is a representative of the group of soil-dwelling, filamentous bacteria responsible for producing most natural antibiotics used in human and veterinary medicine. Here we report the 8,667,507 base pair linear chromosome of this organism, containing the largest number of genes so far discovered in a bacterium. The 7,825 predicted genes include more than 20 clusters coding for known or predicted secondary metabolites. The genome contains an unprecedented proportion of regulatory genes, predominantly those likely to be involved in responses to external stimuli and stresses, and many duplicated gene sets that may represent 'tissue-specific' isoforms operating in different phases of colonial development, a unique situation for a bacterium. An ancient synteny was revealed between the central 'core' of the chromosome and the whole chromosome of pathogens Mycobacterium tuberculosis and Corynebacterium diphtheriae. The genome sequence will greatly increase our understanding of microbial life in the soil as well as aiding the generation of new drug candidates by genetic engineering.	1
Title: A set of ordered cosmids and a detailed genetic and physical map for the 8 Mb Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) chromosome Abstract: A Supercos-1 library carrying chromosomal DNA of a plasmid-free derivative of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) was organized into an ordered encyclopaedia of overlapping clones by hybridization. The minimum set of overlapping clones representing the entire chromosome (with three short gaps) consists of 319 cosmids. The average insert size is 37.5 kb and the set of clones therefore divides the chromosome into 637 alternating unique and overlapping segments which have an average length of approx. 12.5 kb. More than 170 genes, gene clusters and other genetic markers were mapped to their specific segment by hybridization to the encyclopaedia. Genes could be cloned by direct transformation and complementation of S. coelicolor mutants with cosmids isolated from Escherichia coli, selecting for insertion into the chromosome by homologous recombination. As in other streptomycetes, the ends of the chromosome have long terminal inverted repeats.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and sequence analysis of the complestatin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Streptomyces lavendulae produces complestatin, a cyclic peptide natural product that antagonizes pharmacologically relevant protein-protein interactions including formation of the C4b,2b complex in the complement cascade and gp120-CD4 binding in the HIV life cycle. Complestatin, a member of the vancomycin group of natural products, consists of an alpha-ketoacyl hexapeptide backbone modified by oxidative phenolic couplings and halogenations. The entire complestatin biosynthetic and regulatory gene cluster spanning ca. 50 kb was cloned and sequenced. It consisted of 16 ORFs, encoding proteins homologous to nonribosomal peptide synthetases, cytochrome P450-related oxidases, ferredoxins, nonheme halogenases, four enzymes involved in 4-hydroxyphenylglycine (Hpg) biosynthesis, transcriptional regulators, and ABC transporters. The nonribosomal peptide synthetase consisted of a priming module, six extending modules, and a terminal thioesterase; their arrangement and domain content was entirely consistent with functions required for the biosynthesis of a heptapeptide or alpha-ketoacyl hexapeptide backbone. Two oxidase genes were proposed to be responsible for the construction of the unique aryl-ether-aryl-aryl linkage on the linear heptapeptide intermediate. Hpg, 3,5-dichloro-Hpg, and 3,5-dichloro-hydroxybenzoylformate are unusual building blocks that repesent five of the seven requisite monomers in the complestatin peptide. Heterologous expression and biochemical analysis of 4-hydroxyphenylglycine transaminon confirmed its role as an aminotransferase responsible for formation of all three precursors. The close similarity but functional divergence between complestatin and chloroeremomycin biosynthetic genes also presents a unique opportunity for the construction of hybrid vancomycin-type antibiotics.	1
Title: Multiple biosynthetic and uptake systems mediate siderophore-dependent iron acquisition in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) and Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877 Abstract: Siderophore-mediated iron acquisition has been well studied in many bacterial pathogens because it contributes to virulence. In contrast, siderophore-mediated iron acquisition by saprophytic bacteria has received relatively little attention. The independent identification of the des and cch gene clusters that direct production of the tris-hydroxamate ferric iron-chelators desferrioxamine E and coelichelin, respectively, which could potentially act as siderophores in the saprophyte Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2), has recently been reported. Here it is shown that the des cluster also directs production of desferrioxamine B in S. coelicolor and that very similar des and cch clusters direct production of desferrioxamines E and B, and coelichelin, respectively, in Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 23877. Sequence analyses of the des and cch clusters suggest that components of ferric-siderophore uptake systems are also encoded within each cluster. The construction and analysis of a series of mutants of S. coelicolor lacking just biosynthetic genes or both the biosynthetic and siderophore uptake genes from the des and cch clusters demonstrated that coelichelin and desferrioxamines E and B all function as siderophores in this organism and that at least one of these metabolites is required for growth under defined conditions even in the presence of significant quantities of ferric iron. These experiments also demonstrated that a third siderophore uptake system must be present in S. coelicolor, in addition to the two encoded within the cch and des clusters, which show selectivity for coelichelin and desferrioxamine E, respectively. The ability of the S. coelicolor mutants to utilize a range of exogenous xenosiderophores for iron acquisition was also examined, showing that the third siderophore-iron transport system has broad specificity for tris-hydroxamate-containing siderophores. Together, these results define a complex system of multiple biosynthetic and uptake pathways for siderophore-mediated iron acquisition in S. coelicolor and S. ambofaciens.	1
Title: Evolution of the terminal regions of the Streptomyces linear chromosome Abstract: Comparative analysis of the Streptomyces chromosome sequences, between Streptomyces coelicolor, Streptomyces avermitilis, and Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC23877 (whose partial sequence is released in this study), revealed a highly compartmentalized genetic organization of their genome. Indeed, despite the presence of specific genomic islands, the central part of the chromosome appears highly syntenic. In contrast, the chromosome of each species exhibits large species-specific terminal regions (from 753 to 1,393 kb), even when considering closely related species (S. ambofaciens and S. coelicolor). Interestingly, the size of the central conserved region between species decreases as the phylogenetic distance between them increases, whereas the specific terminal fraction reciprocally increases in size. Between highly syntenic central regions and species-specific chromosomal parts, there is a notable degeneration of synteny due to frequent insertions/deletions. This reveals a massive and constant genomic flux (from lateral gene transfer and DNA rearrangements) affecting the terminal contingency regions. We speculate that a gradient of recombination rate (i.e., insertion/deletion events) toward the extremities is the force driving the exclusion of essential genes from the terminal regions (i.e., chromosome compartmentalization) and generating a fast gene turnover for strong adaptation capabilities.	1
Title: Characterization of CmaA, an adenylation-thiolation didomain enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of coronatine Abstract: Several pathovars of Pseudomonas syringae produce the phytotoxin coronatine (COR), which contains an unusual amino acid, the 1-amino-2-ethylcyclopropane carboxylic acid called coronamic acid (CMA), which is covalently linked to a polyketide-derived carboxylic acid, coronafacic acid, by an amide bond. The region of the COR biosynthetic gene cluster proposed to be responsible for CMA biosynthesis was resequenced, and errors in previously deposited cmaA sequences were corrected. These efforts allowed overproduction of P. syringae pv. glycinea PG4180 CmaA in P. syringae pv. syringae FF5 as a FLAG-tagged protein and overproduction of P. syringae pv. tomato CmaA in Escherichia coli as a His-tagged protein; both proteins were in an enzymatically active form. Sequence analysis of CmaA indicated that there were two domains, an adenylation domain (A domain) and a thiolation domain (T domain). ATP-(32)PP(i) exchange assays showed that the A domain of CmaA catalyzes the conversion of branched-chain L-amino acids and ATP into the corresponding aminoacyl-AMP derivatives, with a kinetic preference for L-allo-isoleucine. Additional experiments demonstrated that the T domain of CmaA, which is posttranslationally modified with a 4'-phosphopantetheinyl group, reacts with the AMP derivative of L-allo-isoleucine to produce an aminoacyl thiolester intermediate. This covalent species was detected by incubating CmaA with ATP and L-[G-(3)H]allo-isoleucine, followed by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis analysis. It is postulated that the L-allo-isoleucine covalently tethered to CmaA serves as the substrate for additional enzymes in the CMA biosynthetic pathway that catalyze cyclopropane ring formation, which is followed by thiolester hydrolysis, yielding free CMA. The availability of catalytically active CmaA should facilitate elucidation of the details of the subsequent steps in the formation of this novel cyclopropyl amino acid.	1
Title: Pseudomonas corrugata crpCDE is part of the cyclic lipopeptide corpeptin biosynthetic gene cluster and is involved in bacterial virulence in tomato and in hypersensitive response in Nicotiana benthamiana Abstract: Pseudomonas corrugata CFBP 5454 produces two kinds of cyclic lipopeptides (CLPs), cormycin A and corpeptins, both of which possess surfactant, antimicrobial and phytotoxic activities. In this study, we identified genes coding for a putative non-ribosomal peptide synthetase and an ABC-type transport system involved in corpeptin production. These genes belong to the same transcriptional unit, designated crpCDE. The genetic organization of this locus is highly similar to other Pseudomonas CLP biosynthetic clusters. Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight-mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF-MS) analysis revealed that transporter and synthetase genomic knock-out mutants were unable to produce corpeptins, but continued to produce cormycin A. This suggests that CrpCDE is the only system involved in corpeptin production in P. corrugata CFBP 5454. In addition, phylogenetic analysis revealed that the CrpE ABC transporter clustered with the transporters of CLPs with a long peptide chain. Strains depleted in corpeptin production were significantly less virulent than the wild-type strain when inoculated in tomato plants and induced only chlorosis when infiltrated into Nicotiana benthamiana leaves. Thus, corpeptins are important effectors of P. corrugata interaction with plants. Expression analysis revealed that crpC transcription occurs at high cell density. Two LuxR transcriptional regulators, PcoR and RfiA, have a pivotal role in crpC expression and thus in corpeptin production.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthetic assembly of cupriachelin, a photoreactive siderophore from the bioplastic producer Cupriavidus necator H16 Abstract: The bacterium Cupriavidus necator H16 produces a family of linear lipopeptides when grown under low iron conditions. The structural composition of these molecules, exemplified by the main metabolite cupriachelin, is reminiscent of siderophores that are excreted by marine bacteria. Comparable to marine siderophores, the ferric form of cupriachelin exhibits photoreactive properties. Exposure to UV light induces an oxidation of its peptidic backbone and a concomitant reduction of the coordinated Fe(III). Here, we report the genomics-inspired isolation and structural characterization of cupriachelin as well as its encoding gene cluster, which was identified by insertional mutagenesis. Based upon the functional characterization of adenylation domain specificity, a model for cupriachelin biosynthesis is proposed.	1
Title: Comparison of cyanopeptolin genes in Planktothrix, Microcystis, and Anabaena strains: evidence for independent evolution within each genus Abstract: The major cyclic peptide cyanopeptolin 1138, produced by Planktothrix strain NIVA CYA 116, was characterized and shown to be structurally very close to the earlier-characterized oscillapeptin E. A cyanopeptolin gene cluster likely to encode the corresponding peptide synthetase was sequenced from the same strain. The 30-kb oci gene cluster contains two novel domains previously not detected in nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters (a putative glyceric acid-activating domain and a sulfotransferase domain), in addition to seven nonribosomal peptide synthetase modules. Unlike in two previously described cyanopeptolin gene clusters from Anabaena and Microcystis, a halogenase gene is not present. The three cyanopeptolin gene clusters show similar gene and domain arrangements, while the binding pocket signatures deduced from the adenylation domain sequences and the additional tailoring domains vary. This suggests loss and gain of tailoring domains within each genus, after the diversification of the three clades, as major events leading to the present diversity. The ABC transporter genes associated with the cyanopeptolin gene clusters form a monophyletic clade and accordingly are likely to have evolved as part of the functional unit. Phylogenetic analyses of adenylation and condensation domains, including domains from cyanopeptolins and microcystins, show a closer similarity between the Planktothrix and Microcystis cyanopeptolin domains than between these and the Anabaena domain. No clear evidence of recombination between cyanopeptolins and microcystins could be detected. There were no strong indications of horizontal gene transfer of cyanopeptolin gene sequences across the three genera, supporting independent evolution within each genus.	1
Title: Structural analysis of a non-ribosomal halogenated cyclic peptide and its putative operon from Microcystis: implications for evolution of cyanopeptolins Abstract: The structure of the major peptide produced by Microcystis cf. wesenbergii NIVA-CYA 172/5, the halogenated heptapeptide cyanopeptolin-984, was determined using LC/MS/MS. A gene cluster encoding a peptide synthetase putatively producing a cyanopeptolin was cloned from the same strain and sequenced. The cluster consists of four genes encoding peptide synthetases and one gene encoding a halogenase. Two additional ORFs transcribed in the opposite direction were found in the 5' flanking sequence; one of these encodes an ABC transporter. The overall organization of the cyanopeptolin synthetase operon (mcn) resembles a previously analysed anabaenopeptilide synthetase operon (apd) from Anabaena strain 90. Phylogenetic analyses of the individual domains from Mcn, Apd and other cyanobacterial peptide synthetases showed clustering of the adenylation domains according to function irrespective of operon origin - indicating strong functional constraints across peptide synthetases. In contrast, the condensation and thiolation domains to a large extent grouped according to operon affiliation or position in the respective operons. Phylogenetic analyses of condensation domains indicated that N-terminal domains and domains that condense L-amino acids and D-amino acids, respectively, form three separate groups. Although recombination events are likely to be involved in the evolution of mcn, no clear evidence of genetic recombination between the two cyanopeptolin gene clusters was found. Within the genus Microcystis, microcystin and cyanopeptolin synthetases have an evolutionary history of genomic coexistence. However, the data indicated that the two classes of peptide synthetase gene clusters have evolved independently.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and structures of cyclomarins and cyclomarazines, prenylated cyclic peptides of marine actinobacterial origin Abstract: Two new diketopiperazine dipeptides, cyclomarazines A and B, were isolated and characterized along with the new cyclic heptapeptide cyclomarin D from the marine bacterium Salinispora arenicola CNS-205. These structurally related cyclic peptides each contain modified amino acid residues, including derivatives of N-(1,1-dimethylallyl)-tryptophan and delta-hydroxyleucine, which are common in the di- and heptapeptide series. Stable isotope incorporation studies in Streptomyces sp. CNB-982, which was first reported to produce the cyclomarin anti-inflammatory agents, illuminated the biosynthetic building blocks associated with the major metabolite cyclomarin A, signifying that this marine microbial peptide is nonribosomally derived largely from nonproteinogenic amino acid residues. DNA sequence analysis of the 5.8 Mb S. arenicola circular genome and PCR-targeted gene inactivation experiments identified the 47 kb cyclomarin/cyclomarazine biosynthetic gene cluster (cym) harboring 23 open reading frames. The cym locus is dominated by the 23 358 bp cymA, which encodes a 7-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) responsible for assembly of the full-length cyclomarin heptapeptides as well as the truncated cyclomarazine dipeptides. The unprecedented biosynthetic feature of the megasynthetase CymA to synthesize differently sized peptides in vivo may be triggered by the level of beta oxidation of the priming tryptophan residue, which is oxidized in the cyclomarin series and unoxidized in the cyclomarazines. Biosynthesis of the N-(1,1-dimethyl-2,3-epoxypropyl)-beta-hydroxytryptophan residue of cyclomarin A was further illuminated through gene inactivation experiments, which suggest that the tryptophan residue is reverse prenylated by CymD prior to release of the cyclic peptide from the CymA megasynthetase, whereas the cytochrome P450 CymV installs the epoxide group on the isoprene of cyclomarin C post-NRPS assembly. Last, the novel amino acid residue 2-amino-3,5-dimethylhex-4-enoic acid in the cyclomarin series was shown by bioinformatics and stable isotope experiments to derive from a new pathway involving condensation of isobutyraldehyde and pyruvate followed by S-adenosylmethionine methylation. Assembly of this unsaturated, branched amino acid is unexpectedly related to the degradation of the environmental pollutant 3-(3-hydroxyphenyl)propionic acid.	1
Title: Functional characterization of the cyclomarin/cyclomarazine prenyltransferase CymD directs the biosynthesis of unnatural cyclic peptides Abstract: In vitro and in vivo characterization of the cyclomarin/cyclomarazine prenyltransferase CymD revealed its ability to prenylate tryptophan prior to incorporation into both cyclic peptides by the nonribosomal peptide synthetase CymA. This knowledge was utilized to bioengineer novel derivatives of these marine bacterial natural products by providing synthetic N-alkyl tryptophans to a prenyltransferase-deficient mutant of Salinispora arenicola CNS-205.	1
Title: The genome of tolypocladium inflatum: evolution, organization, and expression of the cyclosporin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: The ascomycete fungus Tolypocladium inflatum, a pathogen of beetle larvae, is best known as the producer of the immunosuppressant drug cyclosporin. The draft genome of T. inflatum strain NRRL 8044 (ATCC 34921), the isolate from which cyclosporin was first isolated, is presented along with comparative analyses of the biosynthesis of cyclosporin and other secondary metabolites in T. inflatum and related taxa. Phylogenomic analyses reveal previously undetected and complex patterns of homology between the nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) that encodes for cyclosporin synthetase (simA) and those of other secondary metabolites with activities against insects (e.g., beauvericin, destruxins, etc.), and demonstrate the roles of module duplication and gene fusion in diversification of NRPSs. The secondary metabolite gene cluster responsible for cyclosporin biosynthesis is described. In addition to genes necessary for cyclosporin biosynthesis, it harbors a gene for a cyclophilin, which is a member of a family of immunophilins known to bind cyclosporin. Comparative analyses support a lineage specific origin of the cyclosporin gene cluster rather than horizontal gene transfer from bacteria or other fungi. RNA-Seq transcriptome analyses in a cyclosporin-inducing medium delineate the boundaries of the cyclosporin cluster and reveal high levels of expression of the gene cluster cyclophilin. In medium containing insect hemolymph, weaker but significant upregulation of several genes within the cyclosporin cluster, including the highly expressed cyclophilin gene, was observed. T. inflatum also represents the first reference draft genome of Ophiocordycipitaceae, a third family of insect pathogenic fungi within the fungal order Hypocreales, and supports parallel and qualitatively distinct radiations of insect pathogens. The T. inflatum genome provides additional insight into the evolution and biosynthesis of cyclosporin and lays a foundation for further investigations of the role of secondary metabolite gene clusters and their metabolites in fungal biology.	1
Title: Cystomanamides: structure and biosynthetic pathway of a family of glycosylated lipopeptides from myxobacteria Abstract: Cystomanamides A-D were isolated as novel natural product scaffolds from Cystobacter fuscus MCy9118, and their structures were established by spectroscopic techniques including 2D NMR, LC-SPE-NMR/-MS, and HR-MS. The cystomanamides contain β-hydroxy amino acids along with 3-amino-9-methyldecanoic acid that is N-glycosylated in cystomanamide C and D. The gene cluster for cystomanamide biosynthesis was identified by gene disruption as PKS/NRPS hybrid incorporating an iso-fatty acid as starter unit and including a reductive amination step at the interface of the PKS and NRPS modules.	1
Title: Daptomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces roseosporus: cloning and analysis of the gene cluster and revision of peptide stereochemistry Abstract: Daptomycin is a 13 amino acid, cyclic lipopeptide produced by a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) mechanism in Streptomyces roseosporus. A 128 kb region of S. roseosporus DNA was cloned and verified by heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans to contain the daptomycin biosynthetic gene cluster (dpt). The cloned region was completely sequenced and three genes (dptA, dptBC, dptD) encoding the three subunits of an NRPS were identified. The catalytic domains in the subunits, predicted to couple five, six or two amino acids, respectively, included a novel activation domain and amino-acid-binding pocket for incorporating the unusual amino acid l-kynurenine (Kyn), three types of condensation domains and an extra epimerase domain (E-domain) in the second module. Novel genes (dptE, dptF) whose products likely work in conjunction with a unique condensation domain to acylate the first amino acid, as well as other genes (dptI, dptJ) probably involved in supply of the non-proteinogenic amino acids l-3-methylglutamic acid and Kyn, were located next to the NRPS genes. The unexpected E-domain suggested that daptomycin would have d-Asn, rather than l-Asn, as originally assigned, and this was confirmed by comparing stereospecific synthetic peptides and the natural product both chemically and microbiologically.	1
Title: Unveiling the biosynthetic puzzle of destruxins in Metarhizium species Abstract: Insect pathogenic fungi produce a plethora of insecticidally and pharmaceutically active compounds, including 39 cyclohexadepsipeptide destruxins (dtxs). Even though dtxs were first discovered more than 50 y ago, the genes responsible for their biosynthesis were unknown until this study. Based on our comparative genomic information and targeted gene disruptions, we report the gene cluster for dtx biosynthesis in the insect pathogen Metarhizium robertsii. The nonribosomal peptide synthetase DtxS1 has six adenylation domains, two of which are capable of selecting different amino acids to synthesize dtx B and its analogs. The cytochrome P450 enzyme DtxS2 converts dtx B into other dtxs by a chain of reactions, each producing a new derivative. The aldo-keto reductase DtxS3 and aspartic acid decarboxylase DtxS4 are responsible for the conversion and provision of the first and last substrates for the dtx assembly line, respectively. Insect bioassays showed that dtxs could suppress both cellular and humoral immune responses thereby assisting fungal propagation in insects. The differing abilities of Metarhizium species to produce toxins is dependent on the presence of the dtxS1 gene. The toxigenic species are capable of killing multiple orders of insects, whereas the nontoxigenic Metarhizium spp. have narrow host ranges. Thus, the acquisition or retention of the dtx biosynthesis gene cluster in Metarhizium lineages has been coordinated with the evolution of fungal host specificity. The data from this study will facilitate the development of dtxs as bioinsecticides or pharmaceuticals.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the echinocandin B biosynthetic gene cluster from Emericella rugulosa NRRL 11440 Abstract: Echinocandins are a family of fungal lipidated cyclic hexapeptide natural products. Due to their effectiveness as antifungal agents, three semisynthetic derivatives have been developed and approved for treatment of human invasive candidiasis. All six of the amino acid residues are hydroxylated, including 4R,5R-dihydroxy-L-ornithine, 4R-hydroxyl-L-proline, 3S,4S-dihydroxy-L-homotyrosine, and 3S-hydroxyl-4S-methyl-L-proline. We report here the biosynthetic gene cluster of echinocandin B 1 from Emericella rugulosa NRRL 11440 containing genes encoding for a six-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase EcdA, an acyl-AMP ligase EcdI, and oxygenases EcdG, EcdH, and EcdK. We showed EcdI activates linoleate as linoleyl-AMP and installs it on the first thiolation domain of EcdA. We have also established through ATP-PP(i) exchange assay that EcdA loads L-ornithine in the first module. A separate hty gene cluster encodes four enzymes for de novo generation of L-homotyrosine from acetyl-CoA and 4-hydroxyphenyl-pyruvate is found from the sequenced genome. Deletions in the ecdA, and htyA genes validate their essential roles in echinocandin B production. Five predicted iron-centered oxygenase genes, ecdG, ecdH, ecdK, htyE, and htyF, in the two separate ecd and hty clusters are likely to be the tailoring oxygenases for maturation of the nascent NRPS lipohexapeptidolactam product.	1
Title: EcdGHK are three tailoring iron oxygenases for amino acid building blocks of the echinocandin scaffold Abstract: The echinocandins are a small group of fungal N-acylated cyclic hexapeptides that are fungicidal for candida strains and fungistatic for aspergilli by targeting cell wall 1,3-β-glucan synthases. The side chains of all six amino acid building blocks have hydroxyl groups, including the nonproteinogenic 4R,5R-dihydroxy-Orn1, 4R-OH-Pro3, 3S,4S-dihydroxy-homoTyr4, and 3S-OH-4S-Me-Pro6. The echinocandin (ecd) gene cluster contains two predicted nonheme mononuclear iron oxygenase genes (ecdG,K) and one encoding a P450 type heme protein (ecdH). Deletion of the ecdH gene in the producing strain Emericella rugulosa generates an echinocandin scaffold (echinocandin D) lacking both hydroxyl groups on Orn1. Correspondingly, the ΔecdG strain failed to hydroxylate C3 of the homoTyr residue, and purified EcdG hydroxylated free L-homoTyr at C3. The ΔecdK strain failed to generate mature echinocandin unless supplemented with either 4R-Me-Pro or 3S-OH-4S-Me-Pro, indicating blockage of a step upstream of Me-Pro formation. Purified EcdK is a Leu 5-hydroxylase, acting iteratively at C5 to yield γ-Me-Glu-γ-semialdehyde in equilibrium with the cyclic imine product. Evaluation of deshydroxyechinocandin scaffolds in the in vitro anticandidal assays revealed up to a 3-fold loss of potency for the ΔecdG scaffolds, but a 3-fold gain of potency for the ΔecdH scaffold, in line with prior results on deoxyechinocandin homologues.	1
Title: Total biosynthesis of antitumor nonribosomal peptides in Escherichia coli Abstract: Nonribosomal peptides (NRPs) are a class of microbial secondary metabolites that have a wide variety of medicinally important biological activities, such as antibiotic (vancomycin), immunosuppressive (cyclosporin A), antiviral (luzopeptin A) and antitumor (echinomycin and triostin A) activities. However, many microbes are not amenable to cultivation and require time-consuming empirical optimization of incubation conditions for mass production of desired secondary metabolites for clinical and commercial use. Therefore, a fast, simple system for heterologous production of natural products is much desired. Here we show the first example of the de novo total biosynthesis of biologically active forms of heterologous NRPs in Escherichia coli. Our system can serve not only as an effective and flexible platform for large-scale preparation of natural products from simple carbon and nitrogen sources, but also as a general tool for detailed characterizations and rapid engineering of biosynthetic pathways for microbial syntheses of novel compounds and their analogs.	1
Title: Identification and catalytic characterization of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of echosides from Streptomyces sp. LZ35 Abstract: Echosides, isolated from Streptomyces sp. LZ35, represent a class of para-terphenyl natural products that display DNA topoisomerase I and IIα inhibitory activities. By analyzing the genome draft of strain LZ35, the ech gene cluster was identified to be responsible for the biosynthesis of echosides, which was further confirmed by gene disruption and HPLC analysis. Meanwhile, the biosynthetic pathway for echosides was proposed. Furthermore, the echA-gene, encoding a tri-domain nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-like enzyme, was identified as a polyporic acid synthetase and biochemically characterized in vitro. This is the first study to our knowledge on the biochemical characterization of an Actinobacteria quinone synthetase, which accepts phenylpyruvic acid as a native substrate. Therefore, our results may help investigate the function of other NRPS-like enzymes in Actinobacteria.	1
Title: The enduracidin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces fungicidicus Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the 17 aa peptide antibiotic enduracidin has been cloned and sequenced from Streptomyces fungicidicus ATCC 21013. The 84 kb gene cluster contains 25 ORFs and is located within a 116 kb genetic locus that was fully sequenced. Targeted disruption of non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes in the cluster abolished enduracidin production and confirmed function. The cluster includes four genes, endA-D, encoding two-, seven-, eight- and one-module NRPSs, respectively, and includes unique modules for the incorporation of citrulline and enduracididine. The NRPS organization generally follows the collinearity principle, and starts with a condensation domain (C domain) similar to those found in other lipopeptide systems for the coupling of an acyl group to the starting amino acid. The sixth module of EndB, corresponding to Thr(8), is missing an adenylation domain (A domain) and this module is presumed to be loaded in trans by the single module protein EndD. The most striking feature of the NRPS organization is the lack of epimerization domains (E domains) in light of the fact that the product has seven d-amino acid residues. Sequence analysis reveals that C domains following modules corresponding to d-amino acids belong to a unique subset of C domains able to catalyse both epimerization and condensation reactions. Other genes directing lipid modification and activation, and formation of the non-proteinogenic amino acids 4-hydroxyphenylglycine and enduracididine are readily identified, as are genes possibly involved in regulation of antibiotic biosynthesis and export. These findings provide the basis to further genetically manipulate and improve lipodepsipeptide antibiotics via combinatorial and chemical methods.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of the enniatin synthetase gene encoding a multifunctional enzyme catalysing N-methyldepsipeptide formation in Fusarium scirpi Abstract: The gene encoding the multifunctional enzyme enniatin synthetase from Fusarium scirpi (esyn1) was isolated and characterized by transcriptional mapping and expression studies in Escherichia coli. This is the first example of a gene encoding an N-methyl peptide synthetase. The nucleotide sequence revealed an open reading frame of 9393 bp encoding a protein of 3131 amino acids (M(r) 346,900). Two domains designated EA and EB within the protein were identified which share similarity to each other and to microbial peptide synthetase domains. In contrast to the N-terminal domain EA, the carboxyl terminal domain EB is interrupted by a 434-amino-acid portion which shows local similarity to a motif apparently conserved within adenine and cytosine RNA and DNA methyltransferases and therefore seems to harbour the N-methyl-transferase function of the multienzyme.	1
Title: Identification of genes for dimethyl sulfide production in bacteria in the gut of Atlantic Herring (Clupea harengus) Abstract: Phytoplankton are the primary producers of the sulfur-containing compatible solute dimethylsulfoniopropionate (DMSP). These cells are consumed by mesozooplankton, which, in turn, may be eaten by marine vertebrates. From the gut of one such animal, the Atlantic Herring Clupea harengus, we isolated strains of the gamma-proteobacteria Pseudomonas and Psychrobacter that grew on DMSP as sole carbon source, and which produced the environmentally important sulfurous volatile dimethyl sulfide (DMS). In both bacterial genera, this ability was because of the previously identified gene dddD, which specifies an enzyme that liberates DMS from DMSP. DMS production was stimulated by pre-growth of cells on the substrate DMSP. This is the first identification of DMSP-degrading bacteria and their relevant genes in the gut microflora of any vertebrate.	1
Title: Genetic basis for the biosynthesis of the pharmaceutically important class of epoxyketone proteasome inhibitors Abstract: The epoxyketone proteasome inhibitors are an established class of therapeutic agents for the treatment of cancer. Their unique α',β'-epoxyketone pharmacophore allows binding to the catalytic β-subunits of the proteasome with extraordinary specificity. Here, we report the characterization of the first gene clusters for the biosynthesis of natural peptidyl-epoxyketones. The clusters for epoxomicin, the lead compound for the anticancer drug Kyprolis, and for eponemycin were identified in the actinobacterial producer strains ATCC 53904 and Streptomyces hygroscopicus ATCC 53709, respectively, using a modified protocol for Ion Torrent PGM genome sequencing. Both gene clusters code for a hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthase multifunctional enzyme complex and homologous redox enzymes. Epoxomicin and eponemycin were heterologously produced in Streptomyces albus J1046 via whole pathway expression. Moreover, we employed mass spectral molecular networking for a new comparative metabolomics approach in a heterologous system and discovered a number of putative epoxyketone derivatives. With this study, we have definitively linked epoxyketone proteasome inhibitors and their biosynthesis genes for the first time in any organism, which will now allow for their detailed biochemical investigation.	1
Title: A novel streptococcal integrative conjugative element involved in iron acquisition Abstract: In this study, we determined the function of a novel non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) system carried by a streptococcal integrative conjugative element (ICE), ICESe2. The NRPS shares similarity with the yersiniabactin system found in the high-pathogenicity island of Yersinia sp. and is the first of its kind to be identified in streptococci. We named the NRPS product 'equibactin' and genes of this locus eqbA-N. ICESe2, although absolutely conserved in Streptococcus equi, the causative agent of equine strangles, was absent from all strains of the closely related opportunistic pathogen Streptococcus zooepidemicus. Binding of EqbA, a DtxR-like regulator, to the eqbB promoter was increased in the presence of cations. Deletion of eqbA resulted in a small-colony phenotype. Further deletion of the irp2 homologue eqbE, or the genes eqbH, eqbI and eqbJ encoding a putative ABC transporter, or addition of the iron chelator nitrilotriacetate, reversed this phenotype, implicating iron toxicity. Quantification of (55)Fe accumulation and sensitivity to streptonigrin suggested that equibactin is secreted by S. equi and that the eqbH, eqbI and eqbJ genes are required for its associated iron import. In agreement with a structure-based model of equibactin synthesis, supplementation of chemically defined media with salicylate was required for equibactin production.	1
Title: A complex ergovaline gene cluster in epichloe endophytes of grasses Abstract: Clavicipitaceous fungal endophytes of the genera Epichloë and Neotyphodium form symbioses with grasses of the subfamily Pooideae, in which they can synthesize an array of bioprotective alkaloids. Some strains produce the ergopeptine alkaloid ergovaline, which is implicated in livestock toxicoses caused by ingestion of endophyte-infected grasses. Cloning and analysis of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene from Neotyphodium lolii revealed a putative gene cluster for ergovaline biosynthesis containing a single-module NRPS gene, lpsB, and other genes orthologous to genes in the ergopeptine gene cluster of Claviceps purpurea and the clavine cluster of Aspergillus fumigatus. Despite conservation of gene sequence, gene order is substantially different between the N. lolii, C. purpurea, and A. fumigatus ergot alkaloid gene clusters. Southern analysis indicated that the N. lolii cluster was linked with previously identified ergovaline biosynthetic genes dmaW and lpsA. The ergovaline genes are closely associated with transposon relics, including retrotransposons and autonomous and nonautonomous DNA transposons. All genes in the cluster were highly expressed in planta, but expression was very low or undetectable in mycelia from axenic culture. This work provides a genetic foundation for elucidating biochemical steps in the ergovaline pathway, the ecological role of individual ergot alkaloid compounds, and the regulation of their synthesis in planta.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the putative siderophore erythrochelin requires unprecedented crosstalk between separate nonribosomal peptide gene clusters Abstract: The genome of the erythromycin-producing bacterium Saccharopolyspora erythraea contains many orphan secondary metabolite gene clusters including two (nrps3 and nrps5) predicted to govern biosynthesis of nonribosomal peptide-based siderophores. We report here the production by S. erythraea, even under iron-sufficient conditions, of a 2,5-diketopiperazine siderophore candidate we have named erythrochelin. Deletion of the nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene ercD within the nrps5 cluster abolished erythrochelin production. The tetrapeptide backbone of erythrochelin (alpha-N-acetyl-delta-N-acetyl-delta-N-hydroxyornithine-serine-delta-N-hydroxyornithine-delta-N-acetyl-delta-N-hydroxyornithine) suggests an orthodox colinear model for erythrochelin assembly. Curiously, the delta-N-acetyltransferase required for erythrochelin biosynthesis is encoded within a remote NRPS-cluster (nrps1) whose own NRPS contains an inactivating mutation. Disruption of the nrps1 gene mcd abolished erythrochelin biosynthesis, which could then be restored by addition of synthetic L-delta-N-acetyl-delta-N-hydroxyornithine, confirming an unprecedented example of functional crosstalk between nrps clusters.	1
Title: Meta-omic characterization of the marine invertebrate microbial consortium that produces the chemotherapeutic natural product ET-743 Abstract: In many macroorganisms, the ultimate source of potent biologically active natural products has remained elusive due to an inability to identify and culture the producing symbiotic microorganisms. As a model system for developing a meta-omic approach to identify and characterize natural product pathways from invertebrate-derived microbial consortia, we chose to investigate the ET-743 (Yondelis) biosynthetic pathway. This molecule is an approved anticancer agent obtained in low abundance (10(-4)-10(-5) % w/w) from the tunicate Ecteinascidia turbinata and is generated in suitable quantities for clinical use by a lengthy semisynthetic process. On the basis of structural similarities to three bacterial secondary metabolites, we hypothesized that ET-743 is the product of a marine bacterial symbiont. Using metagenomic sequencing of total DNA from the tunicate/microbial consortium, we targeted and assembled a 35 kb contig containing 25 genes that comprise the core of the NRPS biosynthetic pathway for this valuable anticancer agent. Rigorous sequence analysis based on codon usage of two large unlinked contigs suggests that Candidatus Endoecteinascidia frumentensis produces the ET-743 metabolite. Subsequent metaproteomic analysis confirmed expression of three key biosynthetic proteins. Moreover, the predicted activity of an enzyme for assembly of the tetrahydroisoquinoline core of ET-743 was verified in vitro. This work provides a foundation for direct production of the drug and new analogues through metabolic engineering. We expect that the interdisciplinary approach described is applicable to diverse host-symbiont systems that generate valuable natural products for drug discovery and development.	1
Title: Analysis of the exochelin locus in Mycobacterium smegmatis: biosynthesis genes have homology with genes of the peptide synthetase family Abstract: Mycobacteria secrete the siderophore exochelin when grown under iron-limiting conditions. In order to understand iron uptake mechanisms in mycobacteria, we have taken a genetic approach to identify those genes involved in exochelin biosynthesis and transport in Mycobacterium smegmatis. Of the 6,000 chemically mutagenized clones of M. smegmatis mc2155 screened on agar plates containing chrome azural S, 19 mutants that had lost the ability to produce or secrete exochelin were identified. Thirteen of these mutants were complemented by a single M. smegmatis cosmid. Sequence analysis of this cosmid revealed nine open reading frames, three of which are homologous to genes encoding transporter proteins, which are likely involved in exochelin transport. Complementation and Tn10 mutagenesis analysis identified two new genes, fxbB and fxbC, which are required for exochelin biosynthesis. The fxbB and fxbC genes encode large proteins of 257 and 497 kDa, respectively, which are highly homologous to peptide synthetases, indicating that exochelin biosynthesis occurs by a nonribosomal mechanism.	1
Title: Exochelin genes in Mycobacterium smegmatis: identification of an ABC transporter and two non-ribosomal peptide synthetase genes Abstract: Many strains of mycobacteria produce two ferric chelating substances that are termed exochelin (an excreted product) and mycobactin (a cell-associated product). These agents may function as iron acquisition siderophores. To examine the genetics of the iron acquisition system in mycobacteria, ultraviolet (UV) and transposon (Tn611) mutagenesis techniques were used to generate exochelin-deficient mutants of Mycobacterium smegmatis strains ATCC 607 and LR222 respectively. Mutants were identified on CAS siderophore detection agar plates. Comparisons of the amounts of CAS-reactive material excreted by the possible mutant strains with that of the wild-type strains verified that seven UV mutant strains and two confirmed transposition mutant strains were deficient in exochelin production. Cell-associated mycobactin production in the mutants appeared to be normal. From the two transposon mutants, the mutated gene regions were cloned and identified by colony hybridization with an IS6100 probe, and the DNA regions flanking the transposon insertion sites were then used as probes to clone the wild-type loci from M. smegmatis LR222 genomic DNA. Complementation assays showed that an 8 kb PstI fragment and a 4.8 kb PstI/SacI subclone of this fragment complemented one transposon mutant (LUN2) and one UV mutant (R92). A 10.1 kb SacI fragment restored exochelin production to the other transposon mutant (LUN1). The nucleotide sequence of the 15.3 kb DNA region that spanned the two transposon insertion sites overlapped the 5' region of the previously reported exochelin biosynthetic gene fxbA and contained three open reading frames that were transcribed in the opposite orientation to fxbA. The corresponding genes were designated exiT, fxbB and fxbC. The deduced amino acid sequence of ExiT suggested that it was a member of the ABC transporter superfamily, while FxbB and FxbC displayed significant homology with many enzymes (including pristinamycin I synthetase) that catalyse non-ribosomal peptide synthesis. We propose that the peptide backbone of the siderophore exochelin is synthesized in part by enzymes resembling non-ribosomal peptide synthetases and that the ABC transporter ExiT is responsible for exochelin excretion.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of fimsbactins A-F, siderophores from Acinetobacter baumannii and Acinetobacter baylyi Abstract: Novel chatechol/hydroxamate siderophores (named "fimsbactins") were identified in Acinetobacter baumannii ATCC 17978 and Acinetobacter baylyi ADP1. The major compound, fimsbactin A, was isolated from low-iron cultures of A. baylyi ADP1, and its chemical structure was elucidated by mass spectrometry, and detailed (1)H, (13)C and (15)N NMR spectroscopy. From inverse feeding experiments following HPLC-MS analysis, the structures of five additional derivatives were elucidated. The gene cluster encoding the fimsbactin synthetase (fbs) was identified in both genomes, and mutants in fbs genes in A. baylyi were analyzed, thus allowing prediction of the fimsbactin biosynthesis pathway.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the macrolactone ring of the immunosuppressant FK506 Abstract: Biosynthesis of the macrolactone ring of FK506 involves 10 elongation cycles that mechanistically resemble the steps in fatty acid synthesis. Sequencing of a 40-kb DNA segment of the FK506 gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. MA6548 has revealed two additional polyketide synthases (PKS) genes fkbB and fkbC which lie upstream of fkbA, a PKS gene recently shown to be responsible for the last four condensation steps of the FK506 biosynthesis [Motamedi, H., Cai, S. J., Shafiee, A. & Elliston, K. O. (1997) Eur. J. Biochem. 244, 74-80]. fkbB and fkbC are contiguous and encode respectively, the first (790129 Da) and the second (374438 Da) components of the FK506 polyketide synthase, a complex of three multidomain polypeptides. The predicted domain structures of FkbB and FkbC are analogous to that of FkbA and comprise 30 fatty-acid-synthase(FAS)-like domains arranged in 6 modules. Each module performs a specific extension cycle in the assembly of the carbon skeleton of the FK506 macrolactone ring. The component activities for the initiation of the polyketide chain consisting of a dihydrocyclohexenylcarbonyl coenzyme A (CoA) synthetase and a dihydrocyclohexenylcarbonyl CoA reductase required for the formation of the dihydrocyclohexylcarbonyl CoA starter unit and an acyl-carrier-protein to which the starter unit is anchored and translocated to the appropriate site on the PKS multienzyme are located at the N-terminal region of the FkbB polypeptide. A third gene, fkbL, lies at one end of the cluster and encodes lysine cyclodeaminase which catalyzes alpha-deamination and cyclization of the lysine into pipecolate. A fourth gene fkbP located at the other end of the sequence reported here encodes a peptide synthetase required for the activation and incorporation of the pipecolate moiety into the completed acyl chain. Finally the cluster carries a gene, fkbO, whose product is presumed to carry out a post-polyketide oxidation step of the FK506 marocycle.	1
Title: An acyl-CoA dehydrogenase is involved in the formation of the Delta cis3 double bond in the acyl residue of the lipopeptide antibiotic friulimicin in Actinoplanes friuliensis Abstract: The lipopeptide antibiotic friulimicin, produced by Actinoplanes friuliensis, is an effective drug against Gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis and Staphylococcus aureus strains. Friulimicin consists of a cyclic peptide core of ten amino acids and an acyl residue linked to an exocyclic amino acid. The acyl residue is essential for antibiotic activity, varies in length from C13 to C15, and carries a characteristic double bond at position Delta cis3. Sequencing of a DNA fragment adjacent to a previously described fragment encoding some of the friulimicin biosynthetic genes revealed several genes whose gene products resemble enzymes of lipid metabolism. One of these genes, lipB, encodes an acyl-CoA dehydrogenase homologue. To elucidate the function of the LipB protein, a lipB insertion mutant was generated and the friulimicin derivative (FR242) produced by the mutant was purified. FR242 had antibiotic activity lower than friulimicin in a bioassay. Gas chromatography showed that the acyl residue of wild-type friulimicin contains a double bond, whereas a saturated bond was present in FR242. These results were confirmed by the heterologous expression of lipB in Streptomyces lividans T7, which led to the production of unsaturated fatty acids not found in the S. lividans T7 parent strain. These results indicate that the acyl-CoA dehydrogenase LipB is involved in the introduction of the unusual Delta cis3 double bond into the acyl residue of friulimicin.	1
Title: Complexity generation in fungal peptidyl alkaloid biosynthesis: oxidation of fumiquinazoline A to the heptacyclic hemiaminal fumiquinazoline C by the flavoenzyme Af12070 from Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: The human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus makes a series of fumiquinazoline (FQ) peptidyl alkaloids of increasing scaffold complexity using L-Trp, 2 equiv of L-Ala, and the non-proteinogenic amino acid anthranilate as building blocks. The FQ gene cluster encodes two non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) and two flavoproteins. The trimodular NRPS Af12080 assembles FQF (the first level of complexity) while the next two enzymes, Af12060 and Af12050, act in tandem in an oxidative annulation sequence to couple alanine to the indole side chain of FQF to yield the imidazolindolone-containing FQA. In this study we show that the fourth enzyme, the monocovalent flavoprotein Af12070, introduces a third layer of scaffold complexity by converting FQA to the spirohemiaminal FQC, presumably by catalyzing the formation of a transient imine within the pyrazinone ring (and therefore acting in an unprecedented manner as an FAD-dependent amide oxidase). FQC subsequently converts nonenzymatically to the known cyclic aminal FQD. We also investigated the effect of substrate structure on Af12070 activity and subsequent cyclization with a variety of FQA analogues, including an FQA diastereomer (2'-epi-FQA), which is an intermediate in the fungal biosynthesis of the tremorgenic tryptoquialanine. 2'-epi-FQA is processed by Af12070 to epi-FQD, not epi-FQC, illustrating that the delicate balance in product cyclization regiochemistry can be perturbed by a remote stereochemical center.	1
Title: Enzymatic processing of fumiquinazoline F: a tandem oxidative-acylation strategy for the generation of multicyclic scaffolds in fungal indole alkaloid biosynthesis Abstract: Aspergillus fumigatus Af293 is a known producer of quinazoline natural products, including the antitumor fumiquinazolines, of which the simplest member is fumiquinazoline F (FQF) with a 6-6-6 tricyclic core derived from anthranilic acid, tryptophan, and alanine. FQF is the proposed biological precursor to fumiquinazoline A (FQA) in which the pendant indole side chain has been modified via oxidative coupling of an additional molecule of alanine, yielding a fused 6-5-5 imidazoindolone. We recently identified fungal anthranilate-activating nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) domains through bioinformatics approaches. One domain previously identified is part of the trimodular NRPS Af12080, which we predict is responsible for FQF formation. We now show that two adjacent A. fumigatus ORFs, a monomodular NRPS Af12050 and a flavoprotein Af12060, are necessary and sufficient to convert FQF to FQA. Af12060 oxidizes the 2',3'-double bond of the indole side chain of FQF, and the three-domain NRPS Af12050 activates l-Ala as the adenylate, installs it as the pantetheinyl thioester on its carrier protein domain, and acylates the oxidized indole for subsequent intramolecular cyclization to create the 6-5-5 imidazolindolone of FQA. This work provides experimental validation of the fumiquinazoline biosynthetic cluster of A. fumigatus Af293 and describes an oxidative annulation biosynthetic strategy likely shared among several classes of polycyclic fungal alkaloids.	1
Title: Nonribosomal peptide synthetase genes pesL and pes1 are essential for Fumigaclavine C production in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: The identity of metabolites encoded by the majority of nonribosomal peptide synthetases in the opportunistic pathogen, Aspergillus fumigatus, remains outstanding. We found that the nonribosomal peptide (NRP) synthetases PesL and Pes1 were essential for fumigaclavine C biosynthesis, the end product of the complex ergot alkaloid (EA) pathway in A. fumigatus. Deletion of either pesL (ΔpesL) or pes1 (Δpes1) resulted in complete loss of fumigaclavine C biosynthesis, relatively increased production of fumitremorgins such as TR-2, fumitremorgin C and verruculogen, increased sensitivity to H(2)O(2), and increased sensitivity to the antifungals, voriconazole, and amphotericin B. Deletion of pesL resulted in severely reduced virulence in an invertebrate infection model (P < 0.001). These findings indicate that NRP synthesis plays an essential role in mediating the final prenylation step of the EA pathway, despite the apparent absence of NRP synthetases in the proposed EA biosynthetic cluster for A. fumigatus. Liquid chromatography/diode array detection/mass spectrometry analysis also revealed the presence of fumiquinazolines A to F in both A. fumigatus wild-type and ΔpesL strains. This observation suggests that alternative NRP synthetases can also function in fumiquinazoline biosynthesis, since PesL has been shown to mediate fumiquinazoline biosynthesis in vitro. Furthermore, we provide here the first direct link between EA biosynthesis and virulence, in agreement with the observed toxicity associated with EA exposure. Finally, we demonstrate a possible cluster cross-talk phenomenon, a theme which is beginning to emerge in the literature.	1
Title: Cyclization of fungal nonribosomal peptides by a terminal condensation-like domain Abstract: Cyclization of linear peptidyl precursors produced by nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) is an important step in the biosynthesis of bioactive cyclic peptides. Whereas bacterial NRPSs use thioesterase domains to perform the cyclization, fungal NRPSs have apparently evolved to use a different enzymatic route. In verified fungal NRPSs that produce macrocyclic peptides, each megasynthetase terminates with a condensation-like (C(T)) domain that may perform the macrocyclization reaction. To probe the role of such a C(T) domain, we reconstituted the activities of the Penicillium aethiopicum trimodular NPRS TqaA in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and in vitro. Together with the reconstituted bimodular NRPS AnaPS, we dissected the cyclization steps of TqaA in transforming the linear anthranilate-D-tryptophan-L-alanyl tripeptide into fumiquinazoline F. Extensive biochemical and mutational studies confirmed the essential role of the C(T) domain in catalyzing cyclization in a thiolation domain-dependent fashion. Our work provides evidence of a likely universal macrocyclization strategy used by fungal NRPSs.	1
Title: Complexity generation in fungal peptidyl alkaloid biosynthesis: a two-enzyme pathway to the hexacyclic MDR export pump inhibitor ardeemin Abstract: Ardeemins are hexacyclic peptidyl alkaloids isolated from Aspergillus fischeri as agents that block efflux of anticancer drugs by MultiDrug Resistance (MDR) export pumps. To evaluate the biosynthetic logic and enzymatic machinery for ardeemin framework assembly, we sequenced the A. fischeri genome and identified the ardABC gene cluster. Through both genetic deletions and biochemical characterizations of purified ArdA and ArdB we show this ArdAB enzyme pair is sufficient to convert anthranilate (Ant), L-Ala, and L-Trp to ardeemin. ArdA is a 430 kDa trimodular nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) that converts the three building blocks into a fumiquinazoline (FQ) regioisomer termed ardeemin FQ. ArdB is a prenyltransferase that takes tricyclic ardeemin FQ and dimethylallyl diphosphate to the hexacyclic ardeemin scaffold via prenylation at C2 of the Trp-derived indole moiety with intramolecular capture by an amide NH of the fumiquinazoline ring. The two-enzyme ArdAB pathway reveals remarkable efficiency in construction of the hexacyclic peptidyl alkaloid scaffold.	1
Title: Distinct mechanisms for spiro-carbon formation reveal biosynthetic pathway crosstalk Abstract: Spirotryprostatins, an indole alkaloid class of nonribosomal peptides isolated from Aspergillus fumigatus, are known for their antimitotic activity in tumor cells. Because spirotryprostatins and many other chemically complex spiro-carbon-bearing natural products exhibit useful biological activities, identifying and understanding the mechanism of spiro-carbon biosynthesis is of great interest. Here we report a detailed study of spiro-ring formation in spirotryprostatins from tryprostatins derived from the fumitremorgin biosynthetic pathway, using reactants and products prepared with engineered yeast and fungal strains. Unexpectedly, FqzB, an FAD-dependent monooxygenase from the unrelated fumiquinazoline biosynthetic pathway, catalyzed spiro-carbon formation in spirotryprostatin A via an epoxidation route. Furthermore, FtmG, a cytochrome P450 from the fumitremorgin biosynthetic pathway, was determined to catalyze the spiro-ring formation in spirotryprostatin B. Our results highlight the versatile role of oxygenating enzymes in the biosynthesis of structurally complex natural products and indicate that cross-talk of different biosynthetic pathways allows product diversification in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: The fumitremorgin gene cluster of Aspergillus fumigatus: identification of a gene encoding brevianamide F synthetase Abstract: A gene encoding a putative dimodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) was identified within a gene cluster of Aspergillus fumigatus, a species reported to produce fumitremorgins and other prenylated alkaloids. The gene was deleted and overexpressed in the genome reference strain Af293, and was also expressed in the naïve host Aspergillus nidulans, which lacks the equivalent gene cluster. While neither fumitremorgins nor the dipeptide brevianamide F (cyclo-L-Trp-L-Pro), an early intermediate, were detected in wild-type and deletion strains of A. fumigatus, brevianamide F accumulated in fungal cultures following increased expression of the NRPS gene in both A. fumigatus and A. nidulans. We conclude that the gene Afu8g00170, named ftmA, encodes the NRPS brevianamide synthetase. Brevianamide F is the precursor of a variety of fungal prenylated alkaloids with biological activity, including fumitremorgins A, B and C and tryprostatin B.	1
Title: Identification of cytochrome P450s required for fumitremorgin biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Fumitremorgin C, a diketopiperazine mycotoxin produced by Aspergillus fumigatus, is a potent and specific inhibitor of breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP). Elucidation of the fumitremorgin C biosynthetic pathway provides a strategy for new drug design. A structure-activity relationship study based on metabolites related to the ftm gene cluster revealed that the process most crucial for inhibitory activity against BCRP was cyclization to form fumitremorgin C. To determine the gene involved in the cyclization reaction, targeted gene inactivation was performed with candidate genes in the ftm cluster. Analysis of the gene disruptants allowed us to identify ftmE, one of the cytochrome P450 genes in the cluster, as the gene responsible for the key step in fumitremorgin biosynthesis. Additionally, we demonstrated that the other two cytochrome P450 genes, ftmC and ftmG, were involved in hydroxylation of the indole ring and successive hydroxylation of fumitremorgin C, respectively.	1
Title: Identification of the verruculogen prenyltransferase FtmPT3 by a combination of chemical, bioinformatic and biochemical approaches Abstract: Previous studies showed that verruculogen is the end product of a biosynthetic gene cluster for fumitremorgin-type alkaloids in Aspergillus fumigatus and Neosartorya fischeri. In this study, we isolated fumitremorgin A from N. fischeri. This led to the identification of the responsible gene, ftmPT3, for O-prenylation of an aliphatic hydroxy group in verruculogen. This gene was found at a different location in the genome of N. fischeri than the identified cluster. The coding sequence of ftmPT3 was amplified by fusion PCR and overexpressed in Escherichia coli. The enzyme product of the soluble His(8)-FtmPT3 with verruculogen and dimethylallyl diphosphate (DMAPP) was identified unequivocally as fumitremorgin A by NMR and MS analyses. K(M) values of FtmPT3 were determined for verruculogen and DMAPP at 5.7 and 61.5 μM, respectively. Average turnover number (k(cat)) was calculated from kinetic parameters of verruculogen and DMAPP to be 0.069 s(-1). FtmPT3 also accepted biosynthetic precursors of fumitremorgin A, for example, fumitremorgin B and 12,13-dihydroxyfumitremorgin C, as substrates and catalyses their prenylation.	1
Title: A point mutation in ftmD blocks the fumitremorgin biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus fumigatus strain Af293 Abstract: Fumitremorgins (FTMs), tremorgenic mycotoxins produced by the human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus, are prenylated indole alkaloids that have been extensively studied in view of their diverse chemical structures and biological activities. Their biosynthetic gene (ftm) cluster was identified on the basis of the genome sequence of A. fumigatus. However, it has been reported that the ftm cluster in genome reference strain Af293 is inactive, which makes complete understanding of the FTM pathway difficult. Hence, we used an FTM-producing strain of A. fumigatus, BM939, to dissect the FTM pathway. Here, we delineate the genetic determinant for the observed defect in the FTM pathway in A. fumigatus Af293. Metabolite profiling and sequence comparison of the two strains revealed a point mutation in ftmD as a possible cause of altered metabolite production in strain Af293. FTM production in Af293 was restored when a DNA fragment containing ftmD from BM939 was introduced. Biochemical analysis indicated that FtmD is a methyltransferase that catalyzes the conversion of 6-hydroxytryprostatin B into tryprostatin A. The mutated FtmD retained enzymatic activity but did not function under physiological conditions, resulting in blockage of the FTM pathway in A. fumigatus Af293.	1
Title: Prototype of an intertwined secondary-metabolite supercluster Abstract: The hallmark trait of fungal secondary-metabolite gene clusters is well established, consisting of contiguous enzymatic and often regulatory gene(s) devoted to the production of a metabolite of a specific chemical class. Unexpectedly, we have found a deviation from this motif in a subtelomeric region of Aspergillus fumigatus. This region, under the control of the master regulator of secondary metabolism, LaeA, contains, in its entirety, the genetic machinery for three natural products (fumitremorgin, fumagillin, and pseurotin), where genes for fumagillin and pseurotin are physically intertwined in a single supercluster. Deletions of 29 adjoining genes revealed that fumagillin and pseurotin are coregulated by the supercluster-embedded regulatory gene with biosynthetic genes belonging to one of the two metabolic pathways in a noncontiguous manner. Comparative genomics indicates the fumagillin/pseurotin supercluster is maintained in a rapidly evolving region of diverse fungal genomes. This blended design confounds predictions from established secondary-metabolite cluster search algorithms and provides an expanded view of natural product evolution.	1
Title: A non-canonical NRPS is involved in the synthesis of fungisporin and related hydrophobic cyclic tetrapeptides in Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: The filamentous fungus Penicillium chrysogenum harbors an astonishing variety of nonribosomal peptide synthetase genes, which encode proteins known to produce complex bioactive metabolites from simple building blocks. Here we report a novel non-canonical tetra-modular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) with microheterogenicity of all involved adenylation domains towards their respective substrates. By deleting the putative gene in combination with comparative metabolite profiling various unique cyclic and derived linear tetrapeptides were identified which were associated with this NRPS, including fungisporin. In combination with substrate predictions for each module, we propose a mechanism for a 'trans-acting' adenylation domain.	1
Title: Structure elucidation and biosynthesis of fuscachelins, peptide siderophores from the moderate thermophile Thermobifida fusca Abstract: Bacteria belonging to the order Actinomycetales have proven to be an important source of biologically active and often therapeutically useful natural products. The characterization of orphan biosynthetic gene clusters is an emerging and valuable approach to the discovery of novel small molecules. Analysis of the recently sequenced genome of the thermophilic actinomycete Thermobifida fusca revealed an orphan nonribosomal peptide biosynthetic gene cluster coding for an unknown siderophore natural product. T. fusca is a model organism for the study of thermostable cellulases and is a major degrader of plant cell walls. Here, we report the isolation and structure elucidation of the fuscachelins, siderophore natural products produced by T. fusca. In addition, we report the purification and biochemical characterization of the termination module of the nonribosomal peptide synthetase. Biochemical analysis of adenylation domain specificity supports the assignment of this gene cluster as the producer of the fuscachelin siderophores. The proposed nonribosomal peptide biosynthetic pathway exhibits several atypical features, including a macrocyclizing thioesterase that produces a 10-membered cyclic depsipeptide and a nonlinear assembly line, resulting in the unique heterodimeric architecture of the siderophore natural product.	1
Title: Insights into an unusual nonribosomal peptide synthetase biosynthesis: identification and characterization of the GE81112 biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: The GE81112 tetrapeptides (1-3) represent a structurally unique class of antibiotics, acting as specific inhibitors of prokaryotic protein synthesis. Here we report the cloning and sequencing of the GE81112 biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. L-49973 and the development of a genetic manipulation system for Streptomyces sp. L-49973. The biosynthetic gene cluster for the tetrapeptide antibiotic GE81112 (getA-N) was identified within a 61.7-kb region comprising 29 open reading frames (open reading frames), 14 of which were assigned to the biosynthetic gene cluster. Sequence analysis revealed the GE81112 cluster to consist of six nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes encoding incomplete di-domain NRPS modules and a single free standing NRPS domain as well as genes encoding other biosynthetic and modifying proteins. The involvement of the cloned gene cluster in GE81112 biosynthesis was confirmed by inactivating the NRPS gene getE resulting in a GE81112 production abolished mutant. In addition, we characterized the NRPS A-domains from the pathway by expression in Escherichia coli and in vitro enzymatic assays. The previously unknown stereochemistry of most chiral centers in GE81112 was established from a combined chemical and biosynthetic approach. Taken together, these findings have allowed us to propose a rational model for GE81112 biosynthesis. The results further open the door to developing new derivatives of these promising antibiotic compounds by genetic engineering.	1
Title: Proposed pathway for the biosynthesis of serovar-specific glycopeptidolipids in Mycobacterium avium serovar 2 Abstract: Members of the Mycobacterium avium complex are distinguished by the presence of highly antigenic surface molecules called glycopeptidolipids (GPLs) and the oligosaccharide portion of the serovar-specific GPL defines the 28 serovars. Previously, the genomic region (ser2) encoding the enzymes responsible for the glycosylation of the lipopeptide core to generate the serovar-2-specific GPLs has been described. In this work, the ser2 gene clusters of M. avium serovar 2 strains 2151 and TMC 724 were fully sequenced and compared to the homologous regions of M. avium serovar 1 strain 104, M. avium subsp. paratuberculosis and M. avium subsp. silvaticum. It was also determined that 104Rg, a mutant of strain 104 that produces truncated GPLs, lost several GPL biosynthesis genes by deletion. This comparison, together with analysis of protein similarities, supports a biosynthetic model in which serovar-2-specific GPLs are synthesized from a serovar-1-specific GPL intermediate that is derived from a non-specific GPL precursor. We also identified a gene encoding an enzyme that is necessary for the biosynthesis of serovar-3- and 9-specific GPLs, but not serovar-2-specific GPLs, suggesting that the different serovars may have evolved from the acquisition or loss of genetic information. In addition, a subcluster of genes for the biosynthesis and transfer of fucose, which are needed to make serovar-specific GPLs such as those of serovar 2, is found in the non-GPL-producing M. avium subspecies paratuberculosis and silvaticum.	1
Title: Genomics of glycopeptidolipid biosynthesis in Mycobacterium abscessus and M. chelonae Abstract: Background:                       The outermost layer of the bacterial surface is of crucial importance because it is in constant interaction with the host. Glycopeptidolipids (GPLs) are major surface glycolipids present on various mycobacterial species. In the fast-grower model organism Mycobacterium smegmatis, GPL biosynthesis involves approximately 30 genes all mapping to a single region of 65 kb.                  Results:                       We have recently sequenced the complete genomes of two fast-growers causing human infections, Mycobacterium abscessus (CIP 104536T) and M. chelonae (CIP 104535T). We show here that these two species contain genes corresponding to all those of the M. smegmatis "GPL locus", with extensive conservation of the predicted protein sequences consistent with the production of GPL molecules indistinguishable by biochemical analysis. However, the GPL locus appears to be split into several parts in M. chelonae and M. abscessus. One large cluster (19 genes) comprises all genes involved in the synthesis of the tripeptide-aminoalcohol moiety, the glycosylation of the lipopeptide and methylation/acetylation modifications. We provide evidence that a duplicated acetyltransferase (atf1 and atf2) in M. abscessus and M. chelonae has evolved through specialization, being able to transfer one acetyl at once in a sequential manner. There is a second smaller and distant (M. chelonae, 900 kb; M. abscessus, 3 Mb) cluster of six genes involved in the synthesis of the fatty acyl moiety and its attachment to the tripeptide-aminoalcohol moiety. The other genes are scattered throughout the genome, including two genes encoding putative regulatory proteins.                  Conclusion:                       Although these three species produce identical GPL molecules, the organization of GPL genes differ between them, thus constituting species-specific signatures. An hypothesis is that the compact organization of the GPL locus in M. smegmatis represents the ancestral form and that evolution has scattered various pieces throughout the genome in M. abscessus and M. chelonae.	1
Title: Gap, a mycobacterial specific integral membrane protein, is required for glycolipid transport to the cell surface Abstract: The cell envelope of mycobacteria is a complex multilaminar structure that protects the cell from stresses encountered in the environment, and plays an important role against the bactericidal activity of immune system cells. The outermost layer of the mycobacterial envelope typically contains species-specific glycolipids. Depending on the mycobacterial species, the major glycolipid localized at the surface can be either a phenolglycolipid or a peptidoglycolipid (GPL). Currently, the mechanism of how these glycolipids are addressed to the cell surface is not understood. In this study, by using a transposon library of Mycobacterium smegmatis and a simple dye assay, six genes involved in GPLs synthesis have been characterized. All of these genes are clustered in a single genomic region of approximately 60 kb. We show by biochemical analyses that two non-ribosomal peptide synthetases, a polyketide synthase, a methyltransferase and a member of the MmpL family are required for the biosynthesis of the GPLs backbone. Furthermore, we demonstrate that a small integral membrane protein of 272 amino acids named Gap (gap: GPL addressing protein) is specifically required for the transport of the GPLs to the cell surface. This protein is predicted to contain six transmembrane segments and possesses homologues across the mycobacterial genus, thus delineating a new protein family. This Gap family represents a new paradigm for the transport of small molecules across the mycobacterial envelope, a critical determinant of mycobacterial virulence.	1
Title: Identifying sigma factors in Mycobacterium smegmatis by comparative genomic analysis Abstract: Mycobacterium smegmatis is a saprophytic species that has been used for 15 years as a model to perform heterologous regulation and virulence studies of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Members of the extracytoplasmic sigma factors family, which are required for adaptive responses to various environmental stresses, are responsible for some of the virulence traits of M. tuberculosis. A bioinformatic search on the genome of M. smegmatis has predicted the existence of 26 sigma factors, which is twice the number that are present in M. tuberculosis. A phylogenetic analysis has shown that despite this high number of sigma factors the orthologs of the genes sigC, sigI and sigK of M. tuberculosis are absent in the M. smegmatis genome. Several sigma factors are specific for M. smegmatis, with a special enrichment in the sigH and, to a lesser extent, in the sigJ and sigL subfamily, pinpointing the potential variability of the repertoire of adaptive response in this saprophytic species.	1
Title: Gobichelin A and B: Mixed-Ligand Siderophores Discovered Using Proteomics Abstract: "Omic" strategies have been increasingly applied to natural product discovery processes, with (meta-)genome sequencing and mining implemented in many laboratories to date. Using the proteomics-based discovery platform called PrISM (Proteomic Investigation of Secondary Metabolism), we discovered two new siderophores gobichelin A and B from Streptomyces sp. NRRL F-4415, a strain without a sequenced genome. Using the proteomics information as a guide, the 37 kb gene cluster responsible for production of gobichelins was sequenced and its 20 open reading frames interpreted into a biosynthetic scheme. This led to the targeted detection and structure elucidation of the new compounds produced by nonribosomal peptide (NRP) synthesis.	1
Title: Draft genome sequence of Brevibacillus brevis strain X23, a biocontrol agent against bacterial wilt Abstract: Brevibacillus brevis X23 is an appropriate biocontrol agent against bacterial wilt caused by Ralstonia solanacearum. We report herein the draft genome sequence (6,566,879 bp) and a circular plasmid (6,600 bp) of B. brevis X23, data which may be helpful for mining the antagonistic activity against R. solanacearum.	1
Title: Gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of griseobactin, a catechol-peptide siderophore of Streptomyces sp. ATCC 700974 Abstract: The main siderophores produced by streptomycetes are desferrioxamines. Here we show that Streptomyces sp. ATCC 700974 and several Streptomyces griseus strains, in addition, synthesize a hitherto unknown siderophore with a catechol-peptide structure, named griseobactin. The production is repressed by iron. We sequenced a 26-kb DNA region comprising a siderophore biosynthetic gene cluster encoding proteins similar to DhbABCEFG, which are involved in the biosynthesis of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate (DHBA) and in the incorporation of DHBA into siderophores via a nonribosomal peptide synthetase. Adjacent to the biosynthesis genes are genes that encode proteins for the secretion, uptake, and degradation of siderophores. To correlate the gene cluster with griseobactin synthesis, the dhb genes in ATCC 700974 were disrupted. The resulting mutants no longer synthesized DHBA and griseobactin; production of both was restored by complementation with the dhb genes. Heterologous expression of the dhb genes or of the entire griseobactin biosynthesis gene cluster in the catechol-negative strain Streptomyces lividans TK23 resulted in the synthesis and secretion of DHBA or griseobactin, respectively, suggesting that these genes are sufficient for DHBA and griseobactin biosynthesis. Griseobactin was purified and characterized; its structure is consistent with a cyclic and, to a lesser extent, linear form of the trimeric ester of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl-arginyl-threonine complexed with aluminum under iron-limiting conditions. This is the first report identifying the gene cluster for the biosynthesis of DHBA and a catechol siderophore in Streptomyces.	1
Title: Hassallidins, antifungal glycolipopeptides, are widespread among cyanobacteria and are the end-product of a nonribosomal pathway Abstract: Cyanobacteria produce a wide variety of cyclic peptides, including the widespread hepatotoxins microcystins and nodularins. Another class of peptides, cyclic glycosylated lipopeptides called hassallidins, show antifungal activity. Previously, two hassallidins (A and B) were reported from an epilithic cyanobacterium Hassallia sp. and found to be active against opportunistic human pathogenic fungi. Bioinformatic analysis of the Anabaena sp. 90 genome identified a 59-kb cryptic inactive nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster proposed to be responsible for hassallidin biosynthesis. Here we describe the hassallidin biosynthetic pathway from Anabaena sp. SYKE748A, as well as the large chemical variation and common occurrence of hassallidins in filamentous cyanobacteria. Analysis demonstrated that 20 strains of the genus Anabaena carry hassallidin synthetase genes and produce a multitude of hassallidin variants that exhibit activity against Candida albicans. The compounds discovered here were distinct from previously reported hassallidins A and B. The IC50 of hassallidin D was 0.29-1.0 µM against Candida strains. A large variation in amino acids, sugars, their degree of acetylation, and fatty acid side chain length was detected. In addition, hassallidins were detected in other cyanobacteria including Aphanizomenon, Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii, Nostoc, and Tolypothrix. These compounds may protect some of the most important bloom-forming and globally distributed cyanobacteria against attacks by parasitic fungi.	1
Title: Structural characterization of the heterobactin siderophores from Rhodococcus erythropolis PR4 and elucidation of their biosynthetic machinery Abstract: In this study, the isolation, the structural characterization, and the elucidation of the biosynthetic origin of heterobactins, catecholate-hydroxamate mixed-type siderophores from Rhodococcus erythropolis PR4, are reported. The structure elucidation of heterobactin A was accomplished via MS(n) analysis and NMR spectroscopy and revealed the noteworthy presence of a peptide bond between the guanidine group of an arginine residue and a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate moiety. The two heterobactin S1 and S2 variants are derivatives of heterobactin A that have sulfonation modifications on the aromatic rings. The bioinformatic analysis of the R. erythropolis PR4 genome and the subsequent genetic and biochemical characterization of the putative biosynthetic machinery identified the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the heterobactins. Interestingly, the HtbG NRPS presents an unprecedented C-PCP-A domain organization within the second module of the synthetase that may help the correct elongation of the peptide intermediate. Finally, the present work revises the structure of heterobactin A that was described by Carrano et al. in 2001.	1
Title: A nonribosomal peptide synthetase-derived iron(III) complex from the pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Small molecules (SMs) play central roles as virulence factors of pathogenic fungi and bacteria; however, genomic analyses suggest that the majority of microbial SMs have remained uncharacterized. Based on microarray analysis followed by comparative metabolomics of overexpression/knockout mutants, we identified a tryptophan-derived iron(III)-complex, hexadehydro-astechrome (HAS), as the major product of the cryptic has nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster in the human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus. Activation of the has cluster created a highly virulent A. fumigatus strain that increased mortality of infected mice. Comparative metabolomics of different mutant strains allowed to propose a pathway for HAS biosynthesis and further revealed cross-talk with another NRPS pathway producing the anticancer fumitremorgins.	1
Title: Identification of the gene cluster for the dithiolopyrrolone antibiotic holomycin in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Streptomyces clavuligerus, an industrially important producer of clavulanate as well as cephem antibiotics, also produces the N-acylated dithiolopyrrolone antibiotic holomycin, a reported inhibitor of RNA synthesis. The genome sequence of S. clavuligerus ATCC 27064 was examined for a potential biosynthetic gene cluster, assuming that holomycin arises from some derivative of an L-Cys-L-Cys dipeptide that has undergone eight-electron oxidation, fused five-five ring formation, and decarboxylation. ORFs 3483-3492 comprise a candidate cluster, with a predicted acyltransferase, a stand-alone nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) module, and four flavin-dependent oxidoreductases. Deletions of ORF3488, the NRPS module, and ORF3489, a phosphopantothenoylcysteine decarboxylase homolog, abolished holomycin production both in wild type and in a holomycin-overproducing mutant. Heterologous expression and purification of ORF3488 allowed demonstration of L-Cys-AMP formation and subsequent covalent tethering of Cys to the phosphopantetheinyl arm of the thiolation domain of this NRPS protein. Purified ORF3483 shows acyltransferase activity, converting holothin to holomycin and longer acylated homologs as the last step in antibiotic assembly.	1
Title: Insights into the biosynthesis of hormaomycin, an exceptionally complex bacterial signaling metabolite Abstract: Hormaomycin produced by Streptomyces griseoflavus is a structurally highly modified depsipeptide that contains several unique building blocks with cyclopropyl, nitro, and chlorine moieties. Within the genus Streptomyces, it acts as a bacterial hormone that induces morphological differentiation and the production of bioactive secondary metabolites. In addition, hormaomycin is an extremely potent narrow-spectrum antibiotic. In this study, we shed light on hormaomycin biosynthesis by a combination of feeding studies, isolation of the biosynthetic nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster, and in vivo and in vitro functional analysis of enzymes. In addition, several nonnatural hormaomycin congeners were generated by feeding-induced metabolic rerouting. The NRPS contains numerous highly repetitive regions that suggest an evolutionary scenario for this unusual bacterial hormone, providing new opportunities for evolution-inspired metabolic engineering of novel nonribosomal peptides.	1
Title: Manipulation of regulatory genes reveals complexity and fidelity in hormaomycin biosynthesis Abstract: Hormaomycin (HRM) is a structurally remarkable peptide produced by Streptomyces griseoflavus W-384 that acts as a Streptomyces signaling metabolite and exhibits potent antibiotic activity against coryneform actinomycetes. HRM biosynthetic studies have been hampered by inconsistent and low production. To enhance fermentation titers, the role of its cluster-encoded regulatory genes was investigated. Extra copies of the putative regulators hrmA and hrmB were introduced into the wild-type strain, resulting in an increase of HRM production and its analogs up to 135-fold. For the HrmB overproducer, six bioactive analogs were isolated and characterized. This study demonstrates that HrmA and HrmB are positive regulators in HRM biosynthesis. A third gene, hrmH, was identified as encoding a protein capable of shifting the metabolic profile of HRM and its derivatives. Its manipulation resulted in the generation of an additional HRM analog.	1
Title: An indigoidine biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces chromofuscus ATCC 49982 contains an unusual IndB homologue Abstract: A putative indigoidine biosynthetic gene cluster was located in the genome of Streptomyces chromofuscus ATCC 49982. The silent 9.4-kb gene cluster consists of five open reading frames, named orf1, Sc-indC, Sc-indA, Sc-indB, and orf2, respectively. Sc-IndC was functionally characterized as an indigoidine synthase through heterologous expression of the enzyme in both Streptomyces coelicolor CH999 and Escherichia coli BAP1. The yield of indigoidine in E. coli BAP1 reached 2.78 g/l under the optimized conditions. The predicted protein product of Sc-indB is unusual and much larger than any other reported IndB-like protein. The N-terminal portion of this enzyme resembles IdgB and the C-terminal portion is a hypothetical protein. Sc-IndA and/or Sc-IndB were co-expressed with Sc-IndC in E. coli BAP1, which demonstrated the involvement of Sc-IndB, but not Sc-IndA, in the biosynthetic pathway of indigoidine. The yield of indigoidine was dramatically increased by 41.4 % (3.93 g/l) when Sc-IndB was co-expressed with Sc-IndC in E. coli BAP1. Indigoidine is more stable at low temperatures.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the 4-methyloxazoline-containing nonribosomal peptides, JBIR-34 and -35, in Streptomyces sp. Sp080513GE-23 Abstract: JBIR-34 and -35 produced by Streptomyces sp. Sp080513GE-23 are nonribosomal peptides that possess an unusual 4-methyloxazoline moiety. Through draft genome sequencing, cosmid cloning, and gene disruption, the JBIR-34 and -35 biosynthesis gene cluster (fmo cluster) was identified; it encodes 20 proteins including five nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs). Disruption of one of these NRPS genes (fmoA3) resulted in no JBIR-34 and -35 production and accumulation of 6-chloro-4-hydroxyindole-3-carboxylic acid. Stable isotope-feeding experiments indicated that the methyl group of the methyloxazoline ring is derived from alanine rather than methionine. A recombinant FmoH protein, a glycine/serine hydroxymethyltransferase homolog, catalyzed conversion of α-methyl-l-serine into d-alanine (the reverse reaction of α-methyl-l-serine synthesis catalyzed by FmoH in vivo). Taken together, we concluded that α-methyl-l-serine synthesized from d-alanine is incorporated into JBIR-34 and -35 to form the 4-methyloxazoline moiety. We also propose the biosynthesis pathway of JBIR-34 and -35.	1
Title: Proteomics-based discovery of koranimine, a cyclic imine natural product Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and polyketide synthases (PKSs) are large enzymes responsible for the biosynthesis of medically and ecologically important secondary metabolites. In a previous report, we described a proteomics approach to screen for expressed NRPSs or PKSs from bacteria with or without sequenced genomes. Here we used this proteome mining approach to discover a novel natural product arising from rare adenylation (A) and reductase (Red) domains in its biosynthetic machinery. We also cloned the entire gene cluster and elucidated the biosynthesis of the new compound, which is produced by an unsequenced Bacillus sp. isolated from soil collected in Koran, Louisiana.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for kutznerides Abstract: Kutznerides, actinomycete-derived cyclic depsipetides, consist of six nonproteinogenic residues, including a highly oxygenated tricyclic hexahydropyrroloindole, a chlorinated piperazic acid, 2-(1-methylcyclopropyl)-glycine, a beta-branched-hydroxy acid, and 3-hydroxy glutamic acid, for which biosynthetic logic has not been elucidated. Herein we describe the biosynthetic gene cluster for the kutzneride family, identified by degenerate primer PCR for halogenating enzymes postulated to be involved in biosyntheses of these unusual monomers. The 56-kb gene cluster encodes a series of six nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) modules distributed over three proteins and a variety of tailoring enzymes, including both mononuclear nonheme iron and two flavin-dependent halogenases, and an array of oxygen transfer catalysts. The sequence and organization of NRPS genes support incorporation of the unusual monomer units into the densely functionalized scaffold of kutznerides. Our work provides insight into the formation of this intriguing class of compounds and provides a foundation for elucidating the timing and mechanisms of their biosynthesis.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and identification of the laspartomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces viridochromogenes Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for laspartomycins, a family of 11 amino acid peptide antibiotics, has been cloned and sequenced from Streptomyces viridochromogenes ATCC 29814. Annotation of a segment of 88912bp of S. viridochromogenes genomic sequence revealed the putative lpm cluster and its flanking regions which harbor 43 open reading frames. The lpm cluster, which spans approximately 60 kb, consists of 21 open reading frames. Those include four NRPS genes (lpmA/orf18, lpmB/orf25, lpmC/orf26 and lpmD/orf27), four genes (orfs 21, 22, 24 and 29) involved in the lipid tail biosynthesis and attachment, four regulatory genes (orfs 13, 19, 32 and 33) and three putative exporters or self-resistance genes (orfs 14, 20 and 30). In addition, the gene involved in the biosynthesis of the nonproteinogenic amino acid Pip was also identified in the lpm cluster while the genes necessary for the biosynthesis of the rare residue diaminopropionic acid (Dap) were found to reside elsewhere on the chromosome. Interestingly, the dabA, dabB and dabC genes predicted to code for the biosynthesis of the unusual amino acid diaminobutyric acid (Dab) are organized into the lpm cluster even though the Dab residue was not found in the laspartomycins. Disruption of the NRPS lpmC gene completely abolished laspartomycin production in the corresponding mutant strain. These findings will allow molecular engineering and combinatorial biosynthesis approaches to expand the structural diversity of the amphomycin-group peptide antibiotics including the laspartomycins and friulimicins.	1
Title: Discovery of the rhizopodin biosynthetic gene cluster in Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15 by genome mining Abstract: The field of bacterial natural product research is currently undergoing a paradigm change concerning the discovery of natural products. Previously most efforts were based on isolation of the most abundant compound in an extract, or on tracking bioactivity. However, traditional activity-guided approaches are limited by the available test panels and frequently lead to the rediscovery of already known compounds. The constantly increasing availability of bacterial genome sequences provides the potential for the discovery of a huge number of new natural compounds by in silico identification of biosynthetic gene clusters. Examination of the information on the biosynthetic machinery can further prevent rediscovery of known compounds, and can help identify so far unknown biosynthetic pathways of known compounds. By in silico screening of the genome of the myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15, a trans-AT polyketide synthase/non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS/NRPS) gene cluster was identified that could not be correlated to any secondary metabolite known to be produced by this strain. Targeted gene inactivation and analysis of extracts from the resulting mutants by high performance liquid chromatography coupled to high resolution mass spectrometry (HPLC-HRMS), in combination with the use of statistical tools resulted in the identification of a compound that was absent in the mutants extracts. By matching with our in-house database of myxobacterial secondary metabolites, this compound was identified as rhizopodin. A detailed analysis of the rhizopodin biosynthetic machinery is presented in this manuscript.	1
Title: The complete genome sequence of Bacillus licheniformis DSM13, an organism with great industrial potential Abstract: The genome of Bacillus licheniformis DSM13 consists of a single chromosome that has a size of 4,222,748 base pairs. The average G+C ratio is 46.2%. 4,286 open reading frames, 72 tRNA genes, 7 rRNA operons and 20 transposase genes were identified. The genome shows a marked co-linearity with Bacillus subtilis but contains defined inserted regions that can be identified at the sequence as well as at the functional level. B. licheniformis DSM13 has a well-conserved secretory system, no polyketide biosynthesis, but is able to form the lipopeptide lichenysin. From the further analysis of the genome sequence, we identified conserved regulatory DNA motives, the occurrence of the glyoxylate bypass and the presence of anaerobic ribonucleotide reductase explaining that B. licheniformis is able to grow on acetate and 2,3-butanediol as well as anaerobically on glucose. Many new genes of potential interest for biotechnological applications were found in B. licheniformis; candidates include proteases, pectate lyases, lipases and various polysaccharide degrading enzymes.	1
Title: Operon for biosynthesis of lipstatin, the Beta-lactone inhibitor of human pancreatic lipase Abstract: Lipstatin, isolated from Streptomyces toxytricini as a potent and selective inhibitor of human pancreatic lipase, is a precursor for tetrahydrolipstatin (also known as orlistat, Xenical, and Alli), the only FDA-approved antiobesity medication for long-term use. Lipstatin features a 2-hexyl-3,5-dihydroxy-7,10-hexadecadienoic-β-lactone structure with an N-formyl-l-leucine group attached as an ester to the 5-hydroxy group. It has been suggested that the α-branched 3,5-dihydroxy fatty acid β-lactone moiety of lipstatin in S. toxytricini is derived from Claisen condensation between two fatty acid substrates, which are derived from incomplete oxidative degradation of linoleic acid based on feeding experiments. In this study, we identified a six-gene operon (lst) that was essential for the biosynthesis of lipstatin by large-deletion, complementation, and single-gene knockout experiments. lstA, lstB, and lstC, which encode two β-ketoacyl-acyl carrier protein synthase III homologues and an acyl coenzyme A (acyl-CoA) synthetase homologue, were indicated to be responsible for the generation of the α-branched 3,5-dihydroxy fatty acid backbone. Subsequently, the nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene lstE and the putative formyltransferase gene lstF were involved in decoration of the α-branched 3,5-dihydroxy fatty acid chain with an N-formylated leucine residue. Finally, the 3β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase-homologous gene lstD might be responsible for the reduction of the β-keto group of the biosynthetic intermediate, thereby facilitating the formation of the unique β-lactone ring.	1
Title: Luminmycins A-C, cryptic natural products from Photorhabdus luminescens identified by heterologous expression in Escherichia coli Abstract: The 18 kb "silent" luminmycin biosynthetic pathway from Photorhabdus luminescens was cloned into a vector by using the newly established linear-linear homologous recombination and successfully expressed in Escherichia coli. Luminmycins A-C (1-3) were isolated from the heterologous host, and their structures were elucidated using 2D NMR spectroscopy and HRESIMS. Luminmycin A is a deoxy derivative of the previously reported glidobactin A, while luminmycins B and C most likely represent its acyclic biosynthetic intermediates. Compound 1 showed cytotoxicity against the human colon carcinoma HCT-116 cell line with an IC(50) value of 91.8 nM, while acyclic 2 was inactive at concentrations as high as 100 μg/mL.	1
Title: CRAGE enables rapid activation of biosynthetic gene clusters in undomesticated bacteria Abstract: It is generally believed that exchange of secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) among closely related bacteria is an important driver of BGC evolution and diversification. Applying this idea may help researchers efficiently connect many BGCs to their products and characterize the products' roles in various environments. However, existing genetic tools support only a small fraction of these efforts. Here, we present the development of chassis-independent recombinase-assisted genome engineering (CRAGE), which enables single-step integration of large, complex BGC constructs directly into the chromosomes of diverse bacteria with high accuracy and efficiency. To demonstrate the efficacy of CRAGE, we expressed three known and six previously identified but experimentally elusive non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and NRPS-polyketide synthase (PKS) hybrid BGCs from Photorhabdus luminescens in 25 diverse γ-Proteobacteria species. Successful activation of six BGCs identified 22 products for which diversity and yield were greater when the BGCs were expressed in strains closely related to the native strain than when they were expressed in either native or more distantly related strains. Activation of these BGCs demonstrates the feasibility of exploiting their underlying catalytic activity and plasticity, and provides evidence that systematic approaches based on CRAGE will be useful for discovering and identifying previously uncharacterized metabolites.	1
Title: Lyngbyatoxin biosynthesis: sequence of biosynthetic gene cluster and identification of a novel aromatic prenyltransferase Abstract: The lyngbyatoxins are potent skin irritants produced by Lyngbya majuscula and cause a condition known as "Swimmer's Itch" off Honolulu, HI. Reported is the molecular cloning of the lyngbyatoxin (ltx) biosynthetic gene cluster from L. majuscula using a strategy based on its predicted nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) assembly. The biosynthetic gene cluster spans 11.3 kilobase pairs and encodes for a two-module NRPS (LtxA), a P450 monooxygenase (LtxB), an aromatic prenyltransferase (LtxC), and an oxidase/reductase protein (LtxD). LtxC was heterologously produced and purified from E. coli and shown to catalyze the transfer of a geranyl group to (-)-indolactam V as the final step in the biosynthesis of lyngbyatoxin A.	1
Title: Enzymatic production of (-)-indolactam V by LtxB, a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase Abstract: The P450 cytochrome monooxygenase gene, ltxB, was cloned and overexpressed in Escherichia coli as a 6xHis-tagged protein. The resulting recombinant LtxB was purified by Ni-NTA affinity chromatography and characterized biochemically. Purified LtxB demonstrated typical cytochrome P450 spectroscopic properties including substrate-induced transition from a low-spin (lambdamax=414 nm) to high-spin state (lambdamax=386 nm) upon incubation with N-methyl-L-valyl-L-tryptophanol. The catalytic activity of LtxB was verified by demonstrating the oxidation/cyclization of N-methyl-L-valyl-L-tryptophanol to (-)-indolactam V. LtxB shows a relaxed specificity for analogue substrates in which the valyl group is substituted for other aliphatic groups. The relaxed substrate specificity of LtxB, along with the relaxed specificity of the prenyltransferase, LtxC, allowed for the enzymatic production of a series of (-)-indolactam V and lyngbyatoxin analogues.	1
Title: Evaluation of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) as a heterologous expression host for the cyanobacterial protein kinase C activator lyngbyatoxin A Abstract: Filamentous marine cyanobacteria are extremely rich sources of bioactive natural products and often employ highly unusual biosynthetic enzymes in their assembly. However, the current lack of techniques for stable DNA transfer into these filamentous organisms, combined with the absence of heterologous expression strategies for nonribosomal cyanobacterial gene clusters, prohibit the creation of mutant strains or the heterologous production of these cyanobacterial compounds in other bacteria. In this study, we evaluated the capability of a derivative of the model actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) to express enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of the protein kinase C activator lyngbyatoxin A from a Hawaiian strain of Moorea producta (previously classified as Lyngbya majuscula). Despite large differences in GC content between these two bacteria and the presence of rare TTA/UUA leucine codons in lyngbyatoxin ORFs we were able to achieve expression of the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase LtxB and reverse prenyltransferase LtxC in S. coelicolor M512 and confirmed the in vitro functionality of S. coelicolor overexpressed LtxC. Attempts to express the entire lyngbyatoxin A gene cluster in S. coelicolor M512 were not successful because of transcript termination observed for the ltxA gene, which encodes a large nonribosomal peptide synthetase. However, these attempts did show a detectable level of cyanobacterial promoter recognition in Streptomyces. Successful expression of lyngbyatoxin A proteins in Streptomyces provides a new platform for biochemical investigation of natural product enzymes from Moorea strains.	1
Title: Total syntheses of indolactam alkaloids (-)-indolactam V, (-)-pendolmycin, (-)-lyngbyatoxin A, and (-)-teleocidin A-2 Abstract: We report the total syntheses of (-)-indolactam V and the C7-substituted indolactam alkaloids (-)-pendolmycin, (-)-lyngbyatoxin A, and (-)-teleocidin A-2. The strategy for preparing indolactam V relies on a distortion-controlled indolyne functionalization reaction to establish the C4-N linkage, in addition to an intramolecular conjugate addition to build the conformationally-flexible nine-membered ring. The total synthesis of indolactam V then sets the stage for the divergent synthesis of the other targeted alkaloids. Specifically, late-stage sp2-sp3 cross-couplings on an indolactam V derivative are used to introduce the key C7 substituents and the necessary quaternary carbons. These challenging couplings, in addition to other delicate manipulations, all proceed in the presence of a basic tertiary amine, an unprotected secondary amide, and an unprotected indole. Thus, our approach not only enables the enantiospecific total syntheses of four indolactam alkaloids, but also serves as a platform for probing complexity-generating and chemoselective transformations in the context of alkaloid total synthesis.	1
Title: High-titer heterologous production in E. coli of lyngbyatoxin, a protein kinase C activator from an uncultured marine cyanobacterium Abstract: Many chemically complex cyanobacterial polyketides and nonribosomal peptides are of great pharmaceutical interest, but the levels required for exploitation are difficult to achieve from native sources. Here we develop a framework for the expression of these multifunctional cyanobacterial assembly lines in Escherichia coli using the lyngbyatoxin biosynthetic pathway, derived from a marine microbial assemblage dominated by the cyanobacterium Moorea producens. Heterologous expression of this pathway afforded high titers of both lyngbyatoxin A (25.6 mg L(-1)) and its precursor indolactam-V (150 mg L(-1)). Production, isolation, and identification of all expected chemical intermediates of lyngbyatoxin biosynthesis in E. coli also confirmed the previously proposed biosynthetic route, setting a solid chemical foundation for future pathway engineering. The successful production of the nonribosomal peptide lyngbyatoxin A in E. coli also opens the possibility for future heterologous expression, characterization, and exploitation of other cyanobacterial natural product pathways.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the lysobactin biosynthetic gene cluster reveals mechanistic insights into an unusual termination module architecture Abstract: Lysobactin (katanosin B) is a macrocyclic depsipeptide, displaying high antibacterial activity against human pathogens. In this work, we have identified and characterized the entire biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for lysobactin assembly. Sequential analysis of the Lysobacter sp. ATCC 53042 genome revealed the lysobactin gene cluster to encode two multimodular nonribosomal peptide synthetases. As the number of modules found within the synthetases LybA and LybB directly correlates with the primary sequence of lysobactin, a linear logic of lysobactin biosynthesis is proposed. Investigation of adenylation domain specificities in vitro confirmed the direct association between the synthetases and lysobactin biosynthesis. Furthermore, an unusual tandem thioesterase architecture of the LybB termination module was identified. Biochemical characterization of the individual thioesterases in vitro provides evidence that solely penultimate thioesterase domain mediates the cyclization and simultaneous release of lysobactin.	1
Title: Evolution of siderophore pathways in human pathogenic bacteria Abstract: Ornibactin and malleobactin are hydroxamate siderophores employed by human pathogenic bacteria belonging to the genus Burkholderia. Similarities in their structures and corresponding biosynthesis gene clusters strongly suggest an evolutionary relationship. Through gene coexpression and targeted gene manipulations, the malleobactin pathway was successfully morphed into an ornibactin assembly line. Such an evolutionary-guided approach has been unprecedented for nonribosomal peptide synthetases. Furthermore, the timing of amino acid acylation before peptide assembly, the absolute configuration of the ornibactin side chain, and the function of the acyl transferase were elucidated. Beyond providing a proof of principle for the rational design of siderophore pathways, a compelling model for the evolution of virulence traits is presented.	1
Title: Genetic and transcriptional analysis of the siderophore malleobactin biosynthesis and transport genes in the human pathogen Burkholderia pseudomallei K96243 Abstract: Burkholderia pseudomallei is a gram-negative facultative intracellular pathogen that causes melioidosis, an invasive disease of humans and animals. To address the response of this bacterium to iron-limiting conditions, we first performed a global transcriptional analysis of RNA extracted from bacteria grown under iron-limiting and iron-rich conditions by microarrays. We focused our study on those open reading frames (ORFs) induced under iron limitation, which encoded predicted proteins that could be involved in the biosynthesis and uptake of the siderophore malleobactin. We purified this siderophore and determined that it consisted of at least three compounds with different molecular weights. We demonstrated that ORFs BPSL1776 and BPSL1774, designated mbaA and mbaF, respectively, are involved in the biosynthesis of malleobactin, while BPSL1775, named fmtA, is involved in its transport. These genes are in an operon with two other ORFs (mbaJ and mbaI) whose transcription is under the control of MbaS, a protein that belongs to the extracytoplasmic function sigma factors. Interestingly, the transcription of the mbaA, fmtA, and mbaS genes is not controlled by the availability of the siderophore malleobactin.	1
Title: The mbo operon is specific and essential for biosynthesis of mangotoxin in Pseudomonas syringae Abstract: Mangotoxin is an antimetabolite toxin produced by certain Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae strains. This toxin is an oligopeptide that inhibits ornithine N-acetyl transferase, a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of ornithine and arginine. Previous studies have reported the involvement of the putative nonribosomal peptide synthetase MgoA in virulence and mangotoxin production. In this study, we analyse a new chromosomal region of P. syringae pv. syringae UMAF0158, which contains six coding sequences arranged as an operon (mbo operon). The mbo operon was detected in only mangotoxin-producing strains, and it was shown to be essential for the biosynthesis of this toxin. Mutants in each of the six ORFs of the mbo operon were partially or completely impaired in the production of the toxin. In addition, Pseudomonas spp. mangotoxin non-producer strains transformed with the mbo operon gained the ability to produce mangotoxin, indicating that this operon contains all the genetic information necessary for mangotoxin biosynthesis. The generation of a single transcript for the mbo operon was confirmed and supported by the allocation of a unique promoter and Rho-independent terminator. The phylogenetic analysis of the P. syringae strains harbouring the mbo operon revealed that these strains clustered together.	1
Title: A nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene (mgoA) of Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae is involved in mangotoxin biosynthesis and is required for full virulence Abstract: Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae, which causes the bacterial apical necrosis of mango, produces the antimetabolite mangotoxin. We report here the cloning, sequencing, and identity analysis of a chromosomal region of 11.1 kb from strain P syringae pv. syringae UMAF0158, which is involved in mangotoxin biosynthesis. This chromosomal region contains six complete open reading frames (ORFs), including a large gene (ORF5) with a modular architecture characteristic of nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) named mgoA. A Tn5 mutant disrupted in mgoA was defective in mangotoxin production, revealing the involvement of the putative NRPS gene in the biosynthesis of mangotoxin. This derivative strain impaired in mangotoxin production also showed a reduction in virulence as measured by necrotic symptoms on tomato leaflets. Mangotoxin production and virulence were restored fully in the NRPS mutant by complementation with plasmid pCG2-6, which contains an 11,103-bp chromosomal region cloned from the wild-type strain P syringae pv. syringae UMAF0158 that includes the putative NPRS gene (mgoA). The results demonstrate that mgoA has a role in the virulence of P. syringae pv. syringae. The involvement of an NRPS in the production of an antimetabolite toxin from P. syringae inhibiting ornithine acetyltransferase activity is proposed.	1
Title: Biosynthetic pathway for mannopeptimycins, lipoglycopeptide antibiotics active against drug-resistant gram-positive pathogens Abstract: The mannopeptimycins are a novel class of lipoglycopeptide antibiotics active against multidrug-resistant pathogens with potential as clinically useful antibacterials. This report is the first to describe the biosynthesis of this novel class of mannosylated lipoglycopeptides. Included here are the cloning, sequencing, annotation, and manipulation of the mannopeptimycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces hygroscopicus NRRL 30439. Encoded by genes within the mannopeptimycin biosynthetic gene cluster are enzymes responsible for the generation of the hexapeptide core (nonribosomal peptide synthetases [NRPS]) and tailoring reactions (mannosylation, isovalerylation, hydroxylation, and methylation). The NRPS system is noncanonical in that it has six modules utilizing only five amino acid-specific adenylation domains and it lacks a prototypical NRPS macrocyclizing thioesterase domain. Analysis of the mannopeptimycin gene cluster and its engineering has elucidated the mannopeptimycin biosynthetic pathway and provides the framework to make new and improved mannopeptimycins biosynthetically.	1
Title: Characterization of a single gene cluster responsible for methylpendolmycin and pendolmycin biosynthesis in the deep sea bacterium Marinactinospora thermotolerans Abstract: The nine-membered indolactam antibiotics belong to a small group of antibiotics showing broad biological activities. However, the in vivo genetic engineering of compounds of this type has not been performed. Here we report the identification of a single gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of methylpendolmycin and pendolmycin, two members of this family of antibiotics, from the deep sea bacterium Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652. Bioinformatics analysis and gene inactivation, coupled with metabolite characterization, reveal that MpnB, a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, MpnC, a cytochrome P450, and MpnD, a prenyltransferase, are sufficient to catalyze the biosynthesis of the two antibiotics from L-Ile (or L-Val), L-Trp, and methionine. MpnD is the first identified enzyme that transfers a C5 prenyl unit in a reverse manner to the C-7 position of a Trp-derived natural product.	1
Title: Isolation, structure elucidation, and biosynthesis of an unusual hydroxamic acid ester-containing siderophore from Actinosynnema mirum Abstract: In this study we report the isolation, structure elucidation, and biosynthesis of mirubactin (1), a siderophore containing an unprecedented chemical functionality in natural products, namely, an O-acyl hydroxamic acid ester. Mirubactin represents the first siderophore isolated from the genus Actinosynnema and the first natural product produced by Actinosynnema mirum whose biosynthetic gene cluster could be identified. Structure elucidation was accomplished through a combination of spectroscopic (NMR, IR, and UV/vis) and mass spectrometric methods and revealed the presence of an unusual ester bond between the δ-N-hydroxyl group of δ-N-formyl-δ-N-hydroxyornithine and a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate moiety. Bioinformatic analysis of the A. mirum genome and subsequent biochemical characterization of the putative biosynthetic machinery identified the gene cluster responsible for mirubactin assembly. The proposed biosynthesis of mirubactin comprises the iterative use of a stand-alone carrier-protein-bound substrate, as well as an ester-bond-forming step catalyzed by a C-terminal condensation domain, thus revealing an interesting system for further biochemical studies to gain a deeper understanding of nonribosomal peptide synthetase-catalyzed siderophore biosynthesis.	1
Title: Naphthyridinomycin biosynthesis revealing the use of leader peptide to guide nonribosomal peptide assembly Abstract: Analysis of naphthyridinomycin gene cluster revealed that this antibiotic is generated by nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) machinery. However, four modules encoded by two genes do not correspond with the structural units in the final product. Genetic and biochemical characterization of the gene cluster suggested that the leader peptide mechanism for the NRPS assembly line was involved in biosynthesis of this tetrahydroisoquinoline alkaloid.	1
Title: Nodularin, a cyanobacterial toxin, is synthesized in planta by symbiotic Nostoc sp Abstract: The nitrogen-fixing bacterium, Nostoc, is a commonly occurring cyanobacterium often found in symbiotic associations. We investigated the potential of cycad cyanobacterial endosymbionts to synthesize microcystin/nodularin. Endosymbiont DNA was screened for the aminotransferase domain of the toxin biosynthesis gene clusters. Five endosymbionts carrying the gene were screened for bioactivity. Extracts of two isolates inhibited protein phosphatase 2A and were further analyzed using electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS)/MS. Nostoc sp. 'Macrozamia riedlei 65.1' and Nostoc sp. 'Macrozamia serpentina 73.1' both contained nodularin. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) HESI-MS/MS analysis confirmed the presence of nodularin at 9.55±2.4 ng μg-1 chlorophyll a in Nostoc sp. 'Macrozamia riedlei 65.1' and 12.5±8.4 ng μg-1 Chl a in Nostoc sp. 'Macrozamia serpentina 73.1' extracts. Further scans indicated the presence of the rare isoform [L-Har(2)] nodularin, which contains L-homoarginine instead of L-arginine. Nodularin was also present at 1.34±0.74 ng ml(-1) (approximately 3 pmol per g plant ww) in the methanol root extracts of M. riedlei MZ65, while the presence of [L-Har(2)] nodularin in the roots of M. serpentina MZ73 was suggested by HPLC HESI-MS/MS analysis. The ndaA-B and ndaF genomic regions were sequenced to confirm the presence of the hybrid polyketide/non-ribosomal gene cluster. A seven amino-acid insertion into the NdaA-C1 domain of N. spumigena NSOR10 protein was observed in all endosymbiont-derived sequences, suggesting the transfer of the nda cluster from N. spumigena to terrestrial Nostoc species. This study demonstrates the synthesis of nodularin and [L-Har(2)] nodularin in a non-Nodularia species and the production of cyanobacterial hepatotoxin by a symbiont in planta.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of 4-methylproline in cyanobacteria: cloning of nosE and nosF genes and biochemical characterization of the encoded dehydrogenase and reductase activities Abstract: The biosynthesis of the unusual amino acid 4-methylproline in the Nostoc genus of cyanobacteria was investigated on the genetic and enzymatic level. Two genes involved in the biosynthesis were cloned and the corresponding enzymes, a zinc-dependent long-chain dehydrogenase and a Delta(1)-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid (P5C) reductase homologue, were overexpressed in Escherichia coli and biochemically characterized. Putative substrates were synthesized to test enzyme substrate specificities, and deuterium labeling studies were carried out to reveal the stereospecificities of the enzymatic reactions with respect to the substrates as well as to the coenzymes.	1
Title: To settle or to move? The interplay between two classes of cyclic lipopeptides in the biocontrol strain Pseudomonas CMR12a Abstract: Pseudomonas CMR12a is a biocontrol strain that produces phenazine antibiotics and as yet uncharacterized cyclic lipopeptides (CLPs). The CLPs of CMR12a were studied by chemical structure analysis and in silico analysis of the gene clusters encoding the non-ribosomal peptide synthetases responsible for CLP biosynthesis. CMR12a produces two different classes of CLPs: orfamides B, D and E, whereby the latter two represent new derivatives of the orfamide family, and sessilins A-C. The orfamides are made up of a 10 amino acid peptide coupled to a β-hydroxydodecanoyl or β-hydroxytetradecanoyl fatty acid moiety, and are related to orfamides produced by biocontrol strain Pseudomonas protegens Pf-5. The sessilins consist of an 18-amino acid peptide linked to a β-hydroxyoctanoyl fatty acid and differ in one amino acid from tolaasins, toxins produced by the mushroom pathogen Pseudomonas tolaasii. CLP biosynthesis mutants were constructed and tested for biofilm formation and swarming motility. Orfamides appeared indispensable for swarming while sessilin mutants showed reduced biofilm formation, but enhanced swarming motility. The interplay between the two classes of CLPs fine tunes these processes. The presence of sessilins in wild type CMR12a interferes with swarming by hampering the release of orfamides and by co-precipitating orfamides to form a white line in agar.	1
Title: The genomisotopic approach: a systematic method to isolate products of orphan biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: With the increasing number of genomes sequenced and available in the public domain, a large number of orphan gene clusters, for which the encoded natural product is unknown, have been identified. These orphan gene clusters represent a tremendous source of novel and possibly bioactive compounds. Here, we describe a "genomisotopic approach," which employs a combination of genomic sequence analysis and isotope-guided fractionation to identify unknown compounds synthesized from orphan gene clusters containing nonribosomal peptide synthetases. Analysis of the Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf-5 genome led to the identification of an orphan gene cluster predicted to code for the biosynthesis of a lipopeptide natural product. Application of the genomisotopic approach to isolate the product of this gene cluster resulted in the discovery of orfamide A, founder of a group of bioactive cyclic lipopeptides.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the new broad-spectrum lipopeptide antibiotic paenibacterin in Paenibacillus thiaminolyticus OSY-SE Abstract: Paenibacterin is a novel lipopeptide antibiotic with potent activity against Gram-negative and Gram-positive human pathogens. The antibiotic consists of a cyclic 13-residue peptide and an N-terminal C₁₅ fatty acyl chain. To elucidate the biosynthesis of paenibacterin, we determined the whole genome sequence of the producer strain Paenibacillus thiaminolyticus OSY-SE, and the function of the peptide synthetase was confirmed experimentally. The gene cluster of paenibacterin was identified within a 52-kb DNA region, encoding thee non-ribosomal peptide synthetases, PbtA, PbtB and PbtC, and two ABC-transporters, PbtD and PbtE. Both PbtA and PbtB consist of five modules, whereas PbtC comprises three modules. Each of these 13 modules consists of three essential domains (condensation-adenylation-thiolation) and assembles an amino acid into the paenibacterin peptide. Selected adenylation domains in the NRPS were cloned and expressed in Escherichia coli; the substrate specificity of each recombinant A-domain was studied in vitro by protein function analysis. The presence of four epimerization domains in paenibacterin peptide synthetases suggests that Orn₁, Orn₄, Lys₇ and Ser₈ in the paenibacterin molecule have d-configuration; the absolute configuration of two ornithine residues in paenibacterin was confirmed by chiral amino acid analysis using Marfey's reagents. Taken together, the findings enabled us to propose the biosynthetic pathway of paenibacterin.	1
Title: Identification and analysis of the gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of paenibactin, a catecholate siderophore produced by Paenibacillus elgii B69 Abstract: Bacteria belonging to the genus Paenibacillus are recognized as rich sources of bioactive natural products. To date, there are few characterized siderophores from this genus. Here, through genome analysis, we identified a non-ribosomal peptide biosynthetic gene cluster (pae) responsible for siderophore assembly in Paenibacillus elgii B69. The 12.8 kb gene cluster comprises six open reading frames encoding proteins similar to the components of the bacillibactin biosynthetic machinery and bacillibactin esterase. To examine the product of the pae gene cluster, we cultured P. elgii B69 in iron-deficient medium for siderophore expression. A novel siderophore structurally similar to bacillibactin, designated paenibactin, was purified and characterized. Its structure was determined as a cyclic trimeric lactone of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl-alanine-threonine. The involvement of the pae gene cluster in paenibactin biosynthesis was confirmed by the biochemical assay of adenylation domain specificity. Furthermore, we demonstrated that the pae gene cluster evolves from an ancestral bacillibactin biosynthetic gene cluster via sequence and phylogenetic analyses. The structural difference between paenibactin and bacillibactin may stem from a mutation-induced change in the adenylation domain specificity. Based on these findings and published models for bacillibactin, we proposed models for paenibactin biosynthesis, ferric-paenibactin uptake and paenibactin-bounded iron release.	1
Title: Paenilarvins: Iturin family lipopeptides from the honey bee pathogen Paenibacillus larvae Abstract: The bacterium Paenibacillus larvae has been extensively studied as it is an appalling honey bee pathogen. In the present work, we screened crude extracts derived from fermentations of P. larvae genotypes ERIC I and II for antimicrobial activity, following the detection of four putative secondary metabolite gene clusters that show high sequence homology to known biosynthetic gene clusters for the biosynthesis of antibiotics. Low molecular weight metabolites produced by P. larvae have recently been shown to have toxic effects on honey bee larvae. Moreover, a novel tripeptide, sevadicin, was recently characterized from laboratory cultures of P. larvae. In this study, paenilarvins, which are iturinic lipopeptides exhibiting strong antifungal activities, were obtained by bioassay-guided fractionation from cultures of P. larvae, genotype ERIC II. Their molecular structures were determined by extensive 2D NMR spectroscopy, high resolution mass spectrometry, and other methods. Paenilarvins are the first antifungal secondary metabolites to be identified from P. larvae. In preliminary experiments, these lipopeptides also affected honey bee larvae and might thus play a role in P. larvae survival and pathogenesis. However, further studies are needed to investigate their function.	1
Title: Identification and functional analysis of gene cluster involvement in biosynthesis of the cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic pelgipeptin produced by Paenibacillus elgii Abstract: Background:                       Pelgipeptin, a potent antibacterial and antifungal agent, is a non-ribosomally synthesised lipopeptide antibiotic. This compound consists of a β-hydroxy fatty acid and nine amino acids. To date, there is no information about its biosynthetic pathway.                  Results:                       A potential pelgipeptin synthetase gene cluster (plp) was identified from Paenibacillus elgii B69 through genome analysis. The gene cluster spans 40.8 kb with eight open reading frames. Among the genes in this cluster, three large genes, plpD, plpE, and plpF, were shown to encode non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), with one, seven, and one module(s), respectively. Bioinformatic analysis of the substrate specificity of all nine adenylation domains indicated that the sequence of the NRPS modules is well collinear with the order of amino acids in pelgipeptin. Additional biochemical analysis of four recombinant adenylation domains (PlpD A1, PlpE A1, PlpE A3, and PlpF A1) provided further evidence that the plp gene cluster involved in pelgipeptin biosynthesis.                  Conclusions:                       In this study, a gene cluster (plp) responsible for the biosynthesis of pelgipeptin was identified from the genome sequence of Paenibacillus elgii B69. The identification of the plp gene cluster provides an opportunity to develop novel lipopeptide antibiotics by genetic engineering.	1
Title: Transcriptional and bioinformatic analysis of the 56.8 kb DNA region amplified in tandem repeats containing the penicillin gene cluster in Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: High penicillin-producing strains of Penicillium chrysogenum contain 6-14 copies of the three clustered structural biosynthetic genes, pcbAB, pcbC, and penDE [Barredo, J.L., Díez, B., Alvarez, E., Martín, J.F., 1989. Large amplification of a 35-kb DNA fragment carrying two penicillin biosynthetic genes in high penicillin producing strains of Penicillium chrysogenum. Curr. Genet. 16, 453-459; Smith, D.J., Bull, J.H., Edwards, J., Turner, G., 1989. Amplification of the isopenicillin N synthetase gene in a strain of Penicillium chrysogenum producing high levels of penicillin. Mol. Gen. Genet. 216, 492-497.] . The cluster is located in a 56.8 kb DNA region bounded by a conserved TGTAAA/T hexanucleotide that undergoes amplification in tandem repeats [Fierro, F., Barredo, J.L., Díez, B., Gutiérrez, S., Fernández, F.J., Martín, J.F., 1995. The penicillin gene cluster is amplified in tandem repeats linked by conserved hexanucleotide sequences. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 92, 6200-6204; Newbert, R.W., Barton, B., Greaves, P., Harper, J., Turner, G., 1997. Analysis of a commercially improved Penicillium chrysogenum strain series: involvement of recombinogenic regions in amplification and deletion of the penicillin biosynthesis gene cluster. J. Ind. Microbiol. Biotechnol. 19, 18-27]. Transcriptional analysis of this amplified region (AR) revealed the presence of at least eight transcripts expressed in penicillin producing conditions. Three of them correspond to the known penicillin biosynthetic genes, pcbAB, pcbC, and penDE. To locate genes related to penicillin precursor formation, or penicillin transport and regulation we have sequenced and analyzed the 56.8 kb amplified region of P. chrysogenum AS-P-78, finding a total of 16 open reading frames. Two of these ORFs have orthologues of known function in the databases. Other ORFs showed similarities to specific domains occurring in different proteins and superfamilies which allowed to infer their probable function. ORF11 encodes a D-amino acid oxidase that might be responsible for the conversion of D-amino acids in the tripeptide L-alpha-aminoadipyl-L-cysteinyl-D-valine or other beta-lactam intermediates to deaminated by-products. ORF12 encodes a predicted protein with similarity to saccharopine dehydrogenases that seems to be related to biosynthesis of the penicillin precursor alpha-aminoadipic acid. A deletion mutant, P. chrysogenum npe10 lacking the entire AR including ORF12, shows a partial requirement of L-lysine for growth. ORF13 encodes a putative protein containing a Zn(II)2-Cys6 fungal-type DNA-binding domain, probably a transcriptional regulator. Although some of the ORFs in the AR may play roles in increasing penicillin production, none of the 13 ORFs other than pcbAB, pcbC, and penDE seem to be strictly indispensable for penicillin biosynthesis. The genes located in the P. chrysogenum AR have been compared with those found in the Aspergillus nidulans 50 kb DNA region adjacent to the penicillin gene cluster, showing no conservation between these two fungi.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the penicillin biosynthetic gene cluster from penicillum chrysogenum Abstract: A cosmid clone containing the putative penicillin biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium chrysogenum was used to transform the related filamentous fungi Neurospora crassa and Aspergillus niger, which do not produce beta-lactam antibiotics. Both of the transformed hosts contained intact P. chrysogenum DNA derived from the cosmid clone and produced authentic penicillin V. Assays of penicillin biosynthetic enzyme activity additionally demonstrated that they possessed delta-(L-alpha-amino-adipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine synthetase (ACVS), isopenicillin N synthetase (IPNS) and acyl coenzyme A:6-aminopenicillanic acid acyltransferase (ACT) activity. The data suggests that genes encoding all the enzymes necessary for the biosynthesis of penicillin from amino acid precursors are closely linked in P. chrysogenum and constitute a gene cluster.	1
Title: The cluster of penicillin biosynthetic genes. Identification and characterization of the pcbAB gene encoding the alpha-aminoadipyl-cysteinyl-valine synthetase and linkage to the pcbC and penDE genes Abstract: Penicillium chrysogenum DNA fragments cloned in EMBL3 or cosmid vectors from the upstream region of the pcbC-penDE cluster carry a gene (pcbAB) that complemented the deficiency of alpha-aminoadipyl-cysteinyl-valine synthetase of mutants npe5 and npe10, and restored penicillin production to mutant npe5. A protein of about 250 kDa was observed in sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis gels of cell-free extracts of complemented strains that was absent in the npe5 and npe10 mutants but exists in the parental strain from which the mutants were obtained. Transcriptional mapping studies showed the presence of one long transcript of about 11.5 kilobases that hybridized with several probes internal to the pcbAB gene, and two small transcripts of 1.15 kilobases that hybridized with the pcbC or the penDE gene, respectively. The transcription initiation and termination regions of the pcbAB gene were mapped by hybridization with several small probes. The region has been completely sequenced. It includes an open reading frame of 11,376 nucleotides that encodes a protein with a deduced Mr of 425,971. Three repeated dominia were found in the alpha-aminoadipyl-cysteinyl-valine synthetase which have high homology with the gramicidin synthetase I and tyrocidine synthetase I. The pcbAB is linked to the pcbC and penDE genes and is transcribed in the opposite orientation to them.	1
Title: The penicillin gene cluster is amplified in tandem repeats linked by conserved hexanucleotide sequences Abstract: The penicillin biosynthetic genes (pcbAB, pcbC, penDE) of Penicillium chrysogenum AS-P-78 were located in a 106.5-kb DNA region that is amplified in tandem repeats (five or six copies) linked by conserved TTTACA sequences. The wild-type strains P. chrysogenum NRRL 1951 and Penicillium notatum ATCC 9478 (Fleming's isolate) contain a single copy of the 106.5-kb region. This region was bordered by the same TTTACA hexanucleotide found between tandem repeats in strain AS-P-78. A penicillin overproducer strain, P. chrysogenum E1, contains a large number of copies in tandem of a 57.9-kb DNA fragment, linked by the same hexanucleotide or its reverse complementary TGTAAA sequence. The deletion mutant P. chrysogenum npe10 showed a deletion of 57.9 kb that corresponds exactly to the DNA fragment that is amplified in E1. The conserved hexanucleotide sequence was reconstituted at the deletion site. The amplification has occurred within a single chromosome (chromosome I). The tandem reiteration and deletion appear to arise by mutation-induced site-specific recombination at the conserved hexanucleotide sequences.	1
Title: Quantitative analysis of Penicillium chrysogenum Wis54-1255 transformants overexpressing the penicillin biosynthetic genes Abstract: The low penicillin-producing, single gene copy strain Wis54-1255 was used to study the effect of overexpressing the penicillin biosynthetic genes in Penicillium chrysogenum. Transformants of Wis54-1255 were obtained with the amdS expression-cassette using the four combinations: pcbAB, pcbC, pcbC-penDE, and pcbAB-pcbC-penDE of the three penicillin biosynthetic genes. Transformants showing an increased penicillin production were investigated during steady-state continuous cultivations with glucose as the growth-limiting substrate. The transformants were characterized with respect to specific penicillin productivity, the activity of the two pathway enzymes delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine synthetase (ACVS) and isopenicillin N synthetase (IPNS) and the intracellular concentration of the metabolites: delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine (ACV), bis-delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine (bisACV), isopenicillin N (IPN), glutathione (GSH), and glutathione disulphide (GSSG). Transformants with the whole gene cluster amplified showed the largest increase in specific penicillin productivity (r(p))-124% and 176%, respectively, whereas transformation with the pcbC-penDE gene fragment resulted in a decrease in r(p) of 9% relative to Wis54-1255. A marked increase in r(p) is clearly correlated with a balanced amplification of both the ACVS and IPNS activity or a large amplification of either enzyme activity. The increased capacity of a single enzyme occurs surprisingly only in the transformants where all the three biosynthetic genes are overexpressed but is not found within the group of pcbAB or pcbC transformants. The indication of the pcbAB and pcbC genes being closely regulated in fungi might explain why high-yielding strains of P. chrysogenum have been found to contain amplifications of a large region including the whole penicillin gene cluster and not single gene amplifications. Measurements of the total ACV concentration showed a large span of variability, which reflected the individual status of enzyme overexpression and activity found in each strain. The ratio ACV:bisACV remained constant, also at high ACV concentrations, indicating no limitation in the capacity of the thioredoxin-thioredoxin reductase (TR) system, which is assumed to keep the pathway intermediate LLD-ACV in its reduced state. The total GSH pool was at a constant level of approx. 5.7 mM in all cultivations.	1
Title: Functional characterization of the penicillin biosynthetic gene cluster of Penicillium chrysogenum Wisconsin54-1255 Abstract: Industrial strain improvement via classical mutagenesis is a black box approach. In an attempt to learn from and understand the mutations introduced, we cloned and characterized the amplified region of industrial penicillin production strains. Upon amplification of this region Penicillium chrysogenum is capable of producing an increased amount of antibiotics, as was previously reported [Barredo, J.L., Diez, B., Alvarez, E., Martín, J.F., 1989a. Large amplification of a 35-kb DNA fragment carrying two penicillin biosynthetic genes in high yielding strains of Penicillium chrysogenum. Curr. Genet. 16, 453-459; Newbert, R.W., Barton, B., Greaves, P., Harper, J., Turner, G., 1997. Analysis of a commercially improved Penicillium chrysogenum strain series, involvement of recombinogenic regions in amplification and deletion of the penicillin gene cluster. J. Ind. Microbiol. 19, 18-27]. Bioinformatic analysis of the central 56.9kb, present as six direct repeats in the strains analyzed in this study, predicted 15 Open Reading Frames (ORFs). Besides the three penicillin biosynthetic genes (pcbAB, pcbC and penDE) only one ORF has an orthologue of known function in the database: the Saccharomyces cerevisiae gene ERG25. Surprisingly, many genes known to encode direct or indirect steps beta-lactam biosynthesis like phenyl acetic acid CoA ligase and transporters are not present. Detailed analyses reveal a detectable transcript for most of the predicted ORFs under the conditions tested. We have studied the role of these in relation to penicillin production and amplification of the biosynthetic gene cluster. In contrast to what was expected, the genes encoding the three penicillin biosynthetic enzymes alone are sufficient to restore full beta-lactam synthesis in a mutant lacking the complete region. Therefore, the role of the other 12 ORFs in this region seems irrelevant for penicillin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Nonlinear biosynthetic gene cluster dose effect on penicillin production by Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: Industrial penicillin production levels by the filamentous fungus Penicillium chrysogenum increased dramatically by classical strain improvement. High-yielding strains contain multiple copies of the penicillin biosynthetic gene cluster that encodes three key enzymes of the β-lactam biosynthetic pathway. We have analyzed the gene cluster dose effect on penicillin production using the high-yielding P. chrysogenum strain DS17690 that was cured from its native clusters. The amount of penicillin V produced increased with the penicillin biosynthetic gene cluster number but was saturated at high copy numbers. Likewise, transcript levels of the biosynthetic genes pcbAB [δ-(l-α-aminoadipyl)-l-cysteinyl-d-valine synthetase], pcbC (isopenicillin N synthase), and penDE (acyltransferase) correlated with the cluster copy number. Remarkably, the protein level of acyltransferase, which localizes to peroxisomes, was saturated already at low cluster copy numbers. At higher copy numbers, intracellular levels of isopenicillin N increased, suggesting that the acyltransferase reaction presents a limiting step at a high gene dose. Since the number and appearance of the peroxisomes did not change significantly with the gene cluster copy number, we conclude that the acyltransferase activity is limiting for penicillin biosynthesis at high biosynthetic gene cluster copy numbers. These results suggest that at a high penicillin production level, productivity is limited by the peroxisomal acyltransferase import activity and/or the availability of coenzyme A (CoA)-activated side chains.	1
Title: Genome sequencing and analysis of the filamentous fungus Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: Industrial penicillin production with the filamentous fungus Penicillium chrysogenum is based on an unprecedented effort in microbial strain improvement. To gain more insight into penicillin synthesis, we sequenced the 32.19 Mb genome of P. chrysogenum Wisconsin54-1255 and identified numerous genes responsible for key steps in penicillin production. DNA microarrays were used to compare the transcriptomes of the sequenced strain and a penicillinG high-producing strain, grown in the presence and absence of the side-chain precursor phenylacetic acid. Transcription of genes involved in biosynthesis of valine, cysteine and alpha-aminoadipic acid-precursors for penicillin biosynthesis-as well as of genes encoding microbody proteins, was increased in the high-producing strain. Some gene products were shown to be directly controlling beta-lactam output. Many key cellular transport processes involving penicillins and intermediates remain to be characterized at the molecular level. Genes predicted to encode transporters were strongly overrepresented among the genes transcriptionally upregulated under conditions that stimulate penicillinG production, illustrating potential for future genomics-driven metabolic engineering.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster of the herbicide phosphinothricin tripeptide from Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü494 Abstract: The antibiotic phosphinothricin tripeptide (PTT) consists of two molecules of L-alanine and one molecule of the unusual amino acid phosphinothricin (PT) which are nonribosomally combined. The bioactive compound PT has bactericidal, fungicidal, and herbicidal properties and possesses a C-P-C bond, which is very rare in natural compounds. Previously uncharacterized flanking and middle regions of the PTT biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü494 were isolated and sequenced. The boundaries of the gene cluster were identified by gene inactivation studies. Sequence analysis and homology searches led to the completion of the gene cluster, which consists of 24 genes. Four of these were identified as undescribed genes coding for proteins that are probably involved in uncharacterized early steps of antibiotic biosynthesis or in providing precursors of PTT biosynthesis (phosphoenolpyruvate, acetyl-coenzyme A, or L-alanine). The involvement of the genes orfM and trs and of the regulatory gene prpA in PTT biosynthesis was analyzed by gene inactivation and overexpression, respectively. Insight into the regulation of PTT was gained by determining the transcriptional start sites of the pmi and prpA genes. A previously undescribed regulatory gene involved in morphological differentiation in streptomycetes was identified outside of the left boundary of the PTT biosynthetic gene cluster.	1
Title: Identification of a polymyxin synthetase gene cluster of Paenibacillus polymyxa and heterologous expression of the gene in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Polymyxin, a long-known peptide antibiotic, has recently been reintroduced in clinical practice because it is sometimes the only available antibiotic for the treatment of multidrug-resistant gram-negative pathogenic bacteria. Lack of information on the biosynthetic genes of polymyxin, however, has limited the study of structure-function relationships and the development of improved polymyxins. During whole genome sequencing of Paenibacillus polymyxa E681, a plant growth-promoting rhizobacterium, we identified a gene cluster encoding polymyxin synthetase. Here, we report the complete sequence of the gene cluster and its function in polymyxin biosynthesis. The gene cluster spanning the 40.6-kb region consists of five open reading frames, designated pmxA, pmxB, pmxC, pmxD, and pmxE. The pmxC and pmxD genes are similar to genes that encode transport proteins, while pmxA, pmxB, and pmxE encode polymyxin synthetases. The insertional disruption of pmxE led to a loss of the ability to produce polymyxin. Introduction of the pmx gene cluster into the amyE locus of the Bacillus subtilis chromosome resulted in the production of polymyxin in the presence of extracellularly added L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid. Taken together, our findings demonstrate that the pmx gene cluster is responsible for polymyxin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Sequence analysis of porothramycin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of porothramycin, a sequence-selective DNA alkylating compound, was identified in the genome of producing strain Streptomyces albus subsp. albus (ATCC 39897) and sequentially characterized. A 39.7 kb long DNA region contains 27 putative genes, 18 of them revealing high similarity with homologous genes from biosynthetic gene cluster of closely related pyrrolobenzodiazepine (PBD) compound anthramycin. However, considering the structures of both compounds, the number of differences in the gene composition of compared biosynthetic gene clusters was unexpectedly high, indicating participation of alternative enzymes in biosynthesis of both porothramycin precursors, anthranilate, and branched L-proline derivative. Based on the sequence analysis of putative NRPS modules Por20 and Por21, we suppose that in porothramycin biosynthesis, the methylation of anthranilate unit occurs prior to the condensation reaction, while modifications of branched proline derivative, oxidation, and dimethylation of the side chain occur on already condensed PBD core. Corresponding two specific methyltransferase encoding genes por26 and por25 were identified in the porothramycin gene cluster. Surprisingly, also methyltransferase gene por18 homologous to orf19 from anthramycin biosynthesis was detected in porothramycin gene cluster even though the appropriate biosynthetic step is missing, as suggested by ultra high-performance liquid chromatography-diode array detection-mass spectrometry (UHPLC-DAD-MS) analysis of the product in the S. albus culture broth.	1
Title: Analysis of the pmsCEAB gene cluster involved in biosynthesis of salicylic acid and the siderophore pseudomonine in the biocontrol strain Pseudomonas fluorescens WCS374 Abstract: Mutants of Pseudomonas fluorescens WCS374 defective in biosynthesis of the fluorescent siderophore pseudobactin still display siderophore activity, indicating the production of a second siderophore. A recombinant cosmid clone (pMB374-07) of a WCS374 gene library harboring loci necessary for the biosynthesis of salicylic acid (SA) and this second siderophore pseudomonine was isolated. The salicylate biosynthesis region of WCS374 was localized in a 5-kb EcoRI fragment of pMB374-07. The SA and pseudomonine biosynthesis region was identified by transfer of cosmid pMB374-07 to a pseudobactin-deficient strain of P. putida. Sequence analysis of the 5-kb subclone revealed the presence of four open reading frames (ORFs). Products of two ORFs (pmsC and pmsB) showed homologies with chorismate-utilizing enzymes; a third ORF (pmsE) encoded a protein with strong similarity with enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of siderophores in other bacterial species. The region also contained a putative histidine decarboxylase gene (pmsA). A putative promoter region and two predicted iron boxes were localized upstream of pmsC. We determined by reverse transcriptase-mediated PCR that the pmsCEAB genes are cotranscribed and that expression is iron regulated. In vivo expression of SA genes was achieved in P. putida and Escherichia coli cells. In E. coli, deletions affecting the first ORF (pmsC) diminished SA production, whereas deletion of pmsB abolished it completely. The pmsB gene induced low levels of SA production in E. coli when expressed under control of the lacZ promoter. Several lines of evidence indicate that SA and pseudomonine biosynthesis are related. Moreover, we isolated a Tn5 mutant (374-05) that is simultaneously impaired in SA and pseudomonine production.	1
Title: The ppuI-rsaL-ppuR quorum-sensing system regulates biofilm formation of Pseudomonas putida PCL1445 by controlling biosynthesis of the cyclic lipopeptides putisolvins I and II Abstract: Pseudomonas putida strain PCL1445 produces two cyclic lipopeptides, putisolvin I and putisolvin II, which possess surface tension-reducing abilities and are able to inhibit biofilm formation and to break down existing biofilms of several Pseudomonas spp., including P. aeruginosa. Putisolvins are secreted in the culture medium during growth at late exponential phase, indicating that production is possibly regulated by quorum sensing. In the present study, we identified a quorum-sensing system in PCL1445 that is composed of ppuI, rsaL, and ppuR and shows very high similarity with gene clusters of P. putida strains IsoF and WCS358. Strains with mutations in ppuI and ppuR showed a severe reduction of putisolvin production. Expression analysis of the putisolvin biosynthetic gene in a ppuI background showed decreased expression, which could be complemented by the addition of synthetic 3-oxo-C(10)-N-acyl homoserine lactone (3-oxo-C(10)-AHL) or 3-oxo-C(12)-AHL to the medium. An rsaL mutant overproduces AHLs, and production of putisolvins is induced early during growth. Analysis of biofilm formation on polyvinylchloride showed that ppuI and ppuR mutants produce a denser biofilm than PCL1445, which correlates with decreased production of putisolvins, whereas an rsaL mutant shows a delay in biofilm production, which correlates with early production of putisolvins. The results demonstrate that quorum-sensing signals induce the production of cyclic lipopeptides putisolvin I and II and consequently control biofilm formation by Pseudomonas putida.	1
Title: Genetic and functional characterization of the gene cluster directing the biosynthesis of putisolvin I and II in Pseudomonas putida strain PCL1445 Abstract: Pseudomonas putida PCL1445 secretes two cyclic lipopeptides, putisolvin I and putisolvin II, which possess a surface-tension-reducing ability, and are able to inhibit biofilm formation and to break down biofilms of Pseudomonas species including Pseudomonas aeruginosa. The putisolvin synthetase gene cluster (pso) and its surrounding region were isolated, sequenced and characterized. Three genes, termed psoA, psoB and psoC, were identified and shown to be involved in putisolvin biosynthesis. The gene products encode the 12 modules responsible for the binding of the 12 amino acids of the putisolvin peptide moiety. Sequence data indicate that the adenylation domain of the 11th module prioritizes the recognition of Val instead of Leu or Ile and consequently favours putisolvin I production over putisolvin II. Detailed analysis of the thiolation domains suggests that the first nine modules recognize the d form of the amino acid residues while the two following modules recognize the l form and the last module the l or d form, indifferently. The psoR gene, which is located upstream of psoA, shows high similarity to luxR-type regulatory genes and is required for the expression of the pso cluster. In addition, two genes, macA and macB, located downstream of psoC were identified and shown to be involved in putisolvin production or export.	1
Title: Dihydroaeruginoic acid synthetase and pyochelin synthetase, products of the pchEF genes, are induced by extracellular pyochelin in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: The siderophore pyochelin of Pseudomonas aeruginosa is derived from one molecule of salicylate and two molecules of cysteine. Two cotranscribed genes, pchEF, encoding peptide synthetases have been identified and characterized. pchE was required for the conversion of salicylate to dihydroaeruginoate (Dha), the condensation product of salicylate and one cysteine residue and pchF was essential for the synthesis of pyochelin from Dha. The deduced PchE (156 kDa) and PchF (197 kDa) proteins had adenylation, thiolation and condensation/cyclization motifs arranged as modules which are typical of those peptide synthetases forming thiazoline rings. The pchEF genes were coregulated with the pchDCBA operon, which provides enzymes for the synthesis (PchBA) and activation (PchD) of salicylate as well as a putative thioesterase (PchC). Expression of a translational pchE'-'lacZ fusion was strictly dependent on the PchR regulator and was induced by extracellular pyochelin, the end product of the pathway. Iron replete conditions led to Fur (ferric uptake regulator)-dependent repression of the pchE'-'lacZ fusion. A translational pchD'-'lacZ fusion was also positively regulated by PchR and pyochelin and repressed by Fur and iron. Thus, autoinduction by pyochelin (or ferric pyochelin) and repression by iron ensure a sensitive control of the pyochelin pathway in P. aeruginosa.	1
Title: Essential PchG-dependent reduction in pyochelin biosynthesis of Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: The biosynthetic genes pchDCBA and pchEF, which are known to be required for the formation of the siderophore pyochelin and its precursors salicylate and dihydroaeruginoate (Dha), are clustered with the pchR regulatory gene on the chromosome of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. The 4.6-kb region located downstream of the pchEF genes was found to contain three additional, contiguous genes, pchG, pchH, and pchI, probably forming a pchEFGHI operon. The deduced amino acid sequences of PchH and PchI are similar to those of ATP binding cassette transport proteins with an export function. PchG is a homolog of the Yersinia pestis and Y. enterocolitica proteins YbtU and Irp3, which are involved in the biosynthesis of yersiniabactin. A null mutation in pchG abolished pyochelin formation, whereas mutations in pchH and pchI did not affect the amounts of salicylate, Dha, and pyochelin produced. The pyochelin biosynthetic genes were expressed from a vector promoter, uncoupling them from Fur-mediated repression by iron and PchR-dependent induction by pyochelin. In a P. aeruginosa mutant lacking the entire pyochelin biosynthetic gene cluster, the expressed pchDCBA and pchEFG genes were sufficient for salicylate, Dha, and pyochelin production. Pyochelin formation was also obtained in the heterologous host Escherichia coli expressing pchDCBA and pchEFG together with the E. coli entD gene, which provides a phosphopantetheinyl transferase necessary for PchE and PchF activation. The PchG protein was purified and used in combination with PchD and phosphopantetheinylated PchE and PchF in vitro to produce pyochelin from salicylate, L-cysteine, ATP, NADPH, and S-adenosylmethionine. Based on this assay, a reductase function was attributed to PchG. In summary, this study completes the identification of the biosynthetic genes required for pyochelin formation from chorismate in P. aeruginosa.	1
Title: Novel pyoverdine biosynthesis gene(s) of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO Abstract: Conjugational mobilization of a Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 cosmid bank (in pMMB33) into a pyoverdine-deficient (pvd) mutant harbouring a mutation in the 47 min region of the chromosome yielded one clone which restored yellow-green pigmentation and fluorescence when grown on iron-deficient medium. The relevant pMMB33-derivative cosmid, pPYP17, contained a 15.1 kb insert which was subcloned into pKT240 as a 10.8 Sacl-CIal fragment conferring the same phenotype. This derivative, pPYP180, like pPYP17, also conferred an apparent wild-type phenotype on pvd mutants previously shown to map genetically in the 23 min region of the P. aeruginosa PAO chromosomes. Physical mapping indicated that the cloned DNA fragment is located at the 66-70 min region of the PAO chromosome, demonstrating that the restored apparent wild-type phenotype observed for the transconjugants was not the result of a true gene complementation. A gene interruption was obtained by replacing a 0.6 kb BgIll-BgIll region of pPYP180 necessary for the expression of the pigmentation/fluorescence phenotype, by a Hgr interposon (omega Hg). After conjugational transfer and introduction of the mutagenized fragment into the PAO1 chromosome by gene replacement, pyoverdine-deficient mutants were recovered, indicating that the fragment indeed contained at least one gene involved in pyoverdine synthesis. The yellow-green fluorescent compound produced by such cells harbouring plasmids pPYP17 or pPYP180 differed from pyoverdine in several aspects and was consequently named pseudoverdine. Although pseudoverdine was able to complex iron, it was unable to restore growth to pvd mutants in the presence of the iron chelator ethylenediamine di(o-hydroxyphenylacetic acid), or to mediate iron uptake into PAO1. Pseudoverdine lacked a peptide chain but possessed spectral properties similar to pyoverdine, suggesting that it was structurally related to the chromophore of the pyoverdine molecule. The recent structural determination of pseudoverdine as a coumarin derivative confirmed this view and sheds some light on the biosynthetic pathway of the pyoverdine chromophore.	1
Title: The pvc gene cluster of Pseudomonas aeruginosa: role in synthesis of the pyoverdine chromophore and regulation by PtxR and PvdS Abstract: A putative operon of four genes implicated in the synthesis of the chromophore moiety of the Pseudomonas aeruginosa siderophore pyoverdine, dubbed pvcABCD (where pvc stands for pyoverdine chromophore), was cloned and sequenced. Mutational inactivation of the pvc genes abrogated pyoverdine biosynthesis, consistent with their involvement in the biosynthesis of this siderophore. pvcABCD expression was negatively regulated by iron and positively regulated by both PvdS, the alternate sigma factor required for pyoverdine biosynthesis, and PtxR, a LysR family activator previously implicated in exotoxin A regulation.	1
Title: Core assembly mechanism of quinocarcin/SF-1739: bimodular complex nonribosomal peptide synthetases for sequential mannich-type reactions Abstract: Quinocarcin and SF-1739, potent antitumor antibiotics, share a common tetracyclic tetrahydroisoquinoline (THIQ)-pyrrolidine core scaffold. Herein, we describe the identification of their biosynthetic gene clusters and biochemical analysis of Qcn18/Cya18 generating the previously unidentified extender unit dehydroarginine, which is a component of the pyrrolidine ring. ATP-inorganic pyrophosphate exchange experiments with five nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) enabled us to identify their substrates. On the basis of these data, we propose that a biosynthetic pathway comprising a three-component NRPS/MbtH family protein complex, Qcn16/17/19, plays a key role in the construction of tetracyclic THIQ-pyrrolidine core scaffold involving sequential Pictet-Spengler and intramolecular Mannich reactions. Furthermore, data derived from gene inactivation experiments led us to propose late-modification steps of quinocarcin.	1
Title: In vitro characterization of echinomycin biosynthesis: formation and hydroxylation of L-tryptophanyl-S-enzyme and oxidation of (2S,3S) β-hydroxytryptophan Abstract: Quinoxaline-2-carboxylic acid (QXC) and 3-hydroxyquinaldic acid (HQA) feature in quinomycin family and confer anticancer activity. In light of the significant potency against cancer, the biosynthetic gene clusters have been reported from many different Streptomyces strains, and the biosynthetic pathway were proposed mainly based on the in vivo feeding experiment with isotope labeled putative intermediates. Herein we report another gene cluster from Streptomyces griseovariabilis subsp. bandungensis subsp. nov responsible for the biosynthesis of echinomycin (a member of quinomycin family, also named quinomycin A) and presented in vitro evidence to corroborate the previous hypothesis on QXC biosynthesis, showing that only with the assistance of a MbtH-like protein Qui5, did the didomain NRPS protein (Qui18) perform the loading of a L-tryptophan onto its own PCP domain. Particularly, it was found that Qui5 and Qui18 subunits form a functional tetramer through size exclusion chromatography. The subsequent hydroxylation on β-carbon of the loaded L-tryptophan proved in vitro to be completed by cytochrome P450-dependent hydroxylase Qui15. Importantly, only the Qui18 loaded L-tryptophan can be hydroxylated by Qui15 and the enzyme was inactive on free L-tryptophan. Additionally, the chemically synthesized (2S,3S) β-hydroxytryptophan was detected to be converted by the tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase Qui17 through LC-MS, which enriched our previous knowledge that tryptophan 2,3-dioxygenase nearly exclusively acted on L-tryptophan and 6-fluoro-tryptophan.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the siderophore rhodochelin requires the coordinated expression of three independent gene clusters in Rhodococcus jostii RHA1 Abstract: In this work we report the isolation, structural characterization, and the genetic analysis of the biosynthetic origin of rhodochelin, a unique mixed-type catecholate-hydroxamate siderophore isolated from Rhodococcus jostii RHA1. Rhodochelin structural elucidation was accomplished via MS(n)- and NMR-analysis and revealed the tetrapeptide to contain an unusual ester bond between an L-δ-N-formyl-δ-N-hydroxyornithine moiety and the side chain of a threonine residue. Gene deletions within three putative biosynthetic gene clusters abolish rhodochelin production, proving that the ORFs responsible for rhodochelin biosynthesis are located in different chromosomal loci. These results demonstrate the efficient cross-talk between distantly located secondary metabolite gene clusters and outline new insights into the comprehension of natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Antibiotic resistance mechanisms inform discovery: identification and characterization of a novel amycolatopsis strain producing ristocetin Abstract: Discovering new antibiotics is a major scientific challenge, made increasingly urgent by the continued development of resistance in bacterial pathogens. A fundamental understanding of the mechanisms of bacterial antibiotic resistance will be vital for the future discovery or design of new, more effective antibiotics. We have exploited our intimate knowledge of the molecular mechanism of glycopeptide antibiotic resistance in the harmless bacterium Streptomyces coelicolor to develop a new two-step cell wall bioactivity screen, which efficiently identified a new actinomycete strain containing a previously uncharacterized glycopeptide biosynthetic gene cluster. The screen first identifies natural product extracts capable of triggering a generalized cell wall stress response and then specifically selects for glycopeptide antibacterials by assaying for the induction of glycopeptide resistance genes. In this study, we established a diverse natural product extract library from actinomycete strains isolated from locations with widely varying climates and ecologies, and we screened them using the novel two-step bioassay system. The bioassay ultimately identified a single strain harboring the previously unidentified biosynthetic gene cluster for the glycopeptide ristocetin, providing a proof of principle for the effectiveness of the screen. This is the first report of the ristocetin biosynthetic gene cluster, which is predicted to include some interesting and previously uncharacterized enzymes. By focusing on screening libraries of microbial extracts, this strategy provides the certainty that identified producer strains are competent for growth and biosynthesis of the detected glycopeptide under laboratory conditions.	1
Title: Overproduction of Ristomycin A by activation of a silent gene cluster in Amycolatopsis japonicum MG417-CF17 Abstract: The emergence of antibiotic-resistant pathogenic bacteria within the last decades is one reason for the urgent need for new antibacterial agents. A strategy to discover new anti-infective compounds is the evaluation of the genetic capacity of secondary metabolite producers and the activation of cryptic gene clusters (genome mining). One genus known for its potential to synthesize medically important products is Amycolatopsis. However, Amycolatopsis japonicum does not produce an antibiotic under standard laboratory conditions. In contrast to most Amycolatopsis strains, A. japonicum is genetically tractable with different methods. In order to activate a possible silent glycopeptide cluster, we introduced a gene encoding the transcriptional activator of balhimycin biosynthesis, the bbr gene from Amycolatopsis balhimycina (bbrAba), into A. japonicum. This resulted in the production of an antibiotically active compound. Following whole-genome sequencing of A. japonicum, 29 cryptic gene clusters were identified by genome mining. One of these gene clusters is a putative glycopeptide biosynthesis gene cluster. Using bioinformatic tools, ristomycin (syn. ristocetin), a type III glycopeptide, which has antibacterial activity and which is used for the diagnosis of von Willebrand disease and Bernard-Soulier syndrome, was deduced as a possible product of the gene cluster. Chemical analyses by high-performance liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS), tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS), and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy confirmed the in silico prediction that the recombinant A. japonicum/pRM4-bbrAba synthesizes ristomycin A.	1
Title: A branched biosynthetic pathway is involved in production of roquefortine and related compounds in Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: Profiling and structural elucidation of secondary metabolites produced by the filamentous fungus Penicillium chrysogenum and derived deletion strains were used to identify the various metabolites and enzymatic steps belonging to the roquefortine/meleagrin pathway. Major abundant metabolites of this pathway were identified as histidyltryptophanyldiketopiperazine (HTD), dehydrohistidyltryptophanyldi-ketopiperazine (DHTD), roquefortine D, roquefortine C, glandicoline A, glandicoline B and meleagrin. Specific genes could be assigned to each enzymatic reaction step. The nonribosomal peptide synthetase RoqA accepts L-histidine and L-tryptophan as substrates leading to the production of the diketopiperazine HTD. DHTD, previously suggested to be a degradation product of roquefortine C, was found to be derived from HTD involving the cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase RoqR. The dimethylallyltryptophan synthetase RoqD prenylates both HTD and DHTD yielding directly the products roquefortine D and roquefortine C without the synthesis of a previously suggested intermediate and the involvement of RoqM. This leads to a branch in the otherwise linear pathway. Roquefortine C is subsequently converted into glandicoline B with glandicoline A as intermediates, involving two monooxygenases (RoqM and RoqO) which were mixed up in an earlier attempt to elucidate the biosynthetic pathway. Eventually, meleagrin is produced from glandicoline B involving a methyltransferase (RoqN). It is concluded that roquefortine C and meleagrin are derived from a branched biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Novel key metabolites reveal further branching of the roquefortine/meleagrin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Metabolic profiling and structural elucidation of novel secondary metabolites obtained from derived deletion strains of the filamentous fungus Penicillium chrysogenum were used to reassign various previously ascribed synthetase genes of the roquefortine/meleagrin pathway to their corresponding products. Next to the structural characterization of roquefortine F and neoxaline, which are for the first time reported for P. chrysogenum, we identified the novel metabolite roquefortine L, including its degradation products, harboring remarkable chemical structures. Their biosynthesis is discussed, questioning the exclusive role of glandicoline A as key intermediate in the pathway. The results reveal that further enzymes of this pathway are rather unspecific and catalyze more than one reaction, leading to excessive branching in the pathway with meleagrin and neoxaline as end products of two branches.	1
Title: A single cluster of coregulated genes encodes the biosynthesis of the mycotoxins roquefortine C and meleagrin in Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: A single gene cluster of Penicillium chrysogenum contains genes involved in the biosynthesis and secretion of the mycotoxins roquefortine C and meleagrin. Five of these genes have been silenced by RNAi. Pc21g15480 (rds) encodes a nonribosomal cyclodipeptide synthetase for the biosynthesis of both roquefortine C and meleagrin. Pc21g15430 (rpt) encodes a prenyltransferase also required for the biosynthesis of both mycotoxins. Silencing of Pc21g15460 or Pc21g15470 led to a decrease in roquefortine C and meleagrin, whereas silencing of the methyltransferase gene (Pc21g15440; gmt) resulted in accumulation of glandicolin B, indicating that this enzyme catalyzes the conversion of glandicolin B to meleagrin. All these genes are transcriptionally coregulated. Our results prove that roquefortine C and meleagrin derive from a single pathway.	1
Title: A natural short pathway synthesizes roquefortine C but not meleagrin in three different Penicillium roqueforti strains Abstract: The production of mycotoxins and other secondary metabolites in Penicillium roqueforti is of great interest because of its long history of use in blue-veined cheese manufacture. In this article, we report the cloning and characterization of the roquefortine gene cluster in three different P. roqueforti strains isolated from blue cheese in the USA (the type strain), France, and the UK (Cheshire cheese). All three strains showed an identical roquefortine gene cluster organization and almost identical (98-99%) gene nucleotide sequences in the entire 16.6-kb cluster region. When compared with the Penicillium chrysogenum roquefortine/meleagrin seven-gene cluster, the P. roqueforti roquefortine cluster contains only four genes (rds, rdh, rpt, and gmt) encoding the roquefortine dipeptide synthetase, roquefortine D dehydrogenase, roquefortine prenyltransferase, and a methyltransferase, respectively. Silencing of the rds or rpt genes by the RNAi strategy reduced roquefortine C production by 50% confirming the involvement of these two key genes in roquefortine biosynthesis. An additional putative gene, orthologous of the MFS transporter roqT, is rearranged in all three strains as a pseudogene. The same four genes and a complete (not rearranged) roqT, encoding a MFS transporter containing 12 TMS domains, occur in the seven-gene cluster in P. chrysogenum although organized differently. Interestingly, the two "late" genes of the P. chrysogenum roquefortine/meleagrin gene cluster that convert roquefortine C to glandicoline B and meleagrin are absent in the P. roqueforti four-gene cluster. No meleagrin production was detected in P. roqueforti cultures grown in YES medium, while P. chrysogenum produces meleagrin in these conditions. No orthologous genes of the two missing meleagrin synthesizing genes were found elsewhere in the recently released P. roqueforti genome. Our data suggest that during evolution, the seven-gene cluster present in P. chrysogenum, and probably also in other glandicoline/meleagrin producing fungi, has been trimmed down to a short cluster in P. roqueforti leading to the synthesis of roquefortine C rather than meleagrin as a final product.	1
Title: Evolutionary formation of gene clusters by reorganization: the meleagrin/roquefortine paradigm in different fungi Abstract: The biosynthesis of secondary metabolites in fungi is catalyzed by enzymes encoded by genes linked in clusters that are frequently co-regulated at the transcriptional level. Formation of gene clusters may take place by de novo assembly of genes recruited from other cellular functions, but also novel gene clusters are formed by reorganization of progenitor clusters and are distributed by horizontal gene transfer. This article reviews (i) the published information on the roquefortine/meleagrin/neoxaline gene clusters of Penicillium chrysogenum (Penicillium rubens) and the short roquefortine cluster of Penicillium roqueforti, and (ii) the correlation of the genes present in those clusters with the enzymes and metabolites derived from these pathways. The P. chrysogenum roq/mel cluster consists of seven genes and includes a gene (roqT) encoding a 12-TMS transporter protein of the MFS family. Interestingly, the orthologous P. roquefortine gene cluster has only four genes and the roqT gene is present as a residual pseudogene that encodes only small peptides. Two of the genes present in the central region of the P. chrysogenum roq/mel cluster have been lost during the evolutionary formation of the short cluster and the order of the structural genes in the cluster has been rearranged. The two lost genes encode a N1 atom hydroxylase (nox) and a roquefortine scaffold-reorganizing oxygenase (sro). As a consequence P. roqueforti has lost the ability to convert the roquefortine-type carbon skeleton to the glandicoline/meleagrin-type scaffold and is unable to produce glandicoline B, meleagrin and neoxaline. The loss of this genetic information is not recent and occurred probably millions of years ago when a progenitor Penicillium strain got adapted to life in a few rich habitats such as cheese, fermented cereal grains or silage. P. roqueforti may be considered as a "domesticated" variant of a progenitor common to contemporary P. chrysogenum and related Penicillia.	1
Title: Genome sequencing and secondary metabolism of the postharvest pathogen Penicillium griseofulvum Abstract: Background:                       Penicillium griseofulvum is associated in stored apples with blue mould, the most important postharvest disease of pome fruit. This pathogen can simultaneously produce both detrimental and beneficial secondary metabolites (SM). In order to gain insight into SM synthesis in P. griseofulvum in vitro and during disease development on apple, we sequenced the genome of P. griseofulvum strain PG3 and analysed important SM clusters.                  Results:                       PG3 genome sequence (29.3 Mb) shows that P. griseofulvum branched off after the divergence of P. oxalicum but before the divergence of P. chrysogenum. Genome-wide analysis of P. griseofulvum revealed putative gene clusters for patulin, griseofulvin and roquefortine C biosynthesis. Furthermore, we quantified the SM production in vitro and on apples during the course of infection. The expression kinetics of key genes of SM produced in infected apple were examined. We found additional SM clusters, including those potentially responsible for the synthesis of penicillin, yanuthone D, cyclopiazonic acid and we predicted a cluster putatively responsible for the synthesis of chanoclavine I.                  Conclusions:                       These findings provide relevant information to understand the molecular basis of SM biosynthesis in P. griseofulvum, to allow further research directed to the overexpression or blocking the synthesis of specific SM.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of the safracin biosynthetic pathway from Pseudomonas fluorescens A2-2: designing new cytotoxic compounds Abstract: Safracin is an antibiotic with anti-tumour activity produced by Pseudomonas fluorescens A2-2. The entire safracin synthetic gene cluster spanning 17.5 kb has been identified, cloned and sequenced. The safracin cluster comprises 10 open reading frames (ORFs) encoding proteins for three non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS), three safracin precursor biosynthetic enzymes, two safracin tailoring enzymes, a safracin resistance protein and a small hypothetical protein of unknown function. These genes are organized in two divergent operons of eight and two genes respectively. This pathway exhibits unusual features when compared with other NRPS systems. We have demonstrated by heterologous expression of the cluster that it is able to direct the synthesis of safracin in other strains. Cross-feeding experiments have confirmed that 3-hydroxy-5-methyl-O-methyltyrosine is the precursor of two amino acids of the molecule. Genetic analyses have allowed us to demonstrate that the bicistronic operon encodes the hydroxylation and N-methylation activities of the pathway. The cloning and expression of the safracin cluster has settled the basis for the in vivo and in vitro production of a wide variety of compounds, such as the promising ecteinascidins anti-cancer compounds.	1
Title: Characterization of the saframycin A gene cluster from Streptomyces lavendulae NRRL 11002 revealing a nonribosomal peptide synthetase system for assembling the unusual tetrapeptidyl skeleton in an iterative manner Abstract: Saframycin A (SFM-A), produced by Streptomyces lavendulae NRRL 11002, belongs to the tetrahydroisoquinoline family of antibiotics, and its core is structurally similar to the core of ecteinascidin 743, which is a highly potent antitumor drug isolated from a marine tunicate. In this study, the biosynthetic gene cluster for SFM-A was cloned and localized to a 62-kb contiguous DNA region. Sequence analysis revealed 30 genes that constitute the SFM-A gene cluster, encoding an unusual nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) system and tailoring enzymes and regulatory and resistance proteins. The results of substrate prediction and in vitro characterization of the adenylation specificities of this NRPS system support the hypothesis that the last module acts in an iterative manner to form a tetrapeptidyl intermediate and that the colinearity rule does not apply. Although this mechanism is different from those proposed for the SFM-A analogs SFM-Mx1 and safracin B (SAC-B), based on the high similarity of these systems, it is likely they share a common mechanism of biosynthesis as we describe here. Construction of the biosynthetic pathway of SFM-Y3, an aminated SFM-A, was achieved in the SAC-B producer (Pseudomonas fluorescens). These findings not only shed new insight on tetrahydroisoquinoline biosynthesis but also demonstrate the feasibility of engineering microorganisms to generate structurally more complex and biologically more active analogs by combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of scabichelin, a novel tris-hydroxamate siderophore produced by the plant pathogen Streptomyces scabies 87.22 Abstract: Scabichelin and turgichelin, novel tris-hydroxamate siderophores, were isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus NBRC 13838/Streptomyces scabies JCM 7914 and Streptomyces turgidiscabies JCM 10429, respectively. The planar structures of scabichelin and turgichelin were elucidated by mass spectrometry, and 1- and 2-D NMR spectroscopic analyses of their gallium(III) complexes. The relative and absolute stereochemistry of the metabolites was determined by the modified Marfey's method in conjunction with computational modelling and NOESY NMR analysis of Ga-scabichelin and Ga-turgichelin. Genome sequence analysis of the plant pathogen Streptomyces scabies 87.22 identified a gene cluster containing a gene encoding a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) that was predicted to direct the production of a pentapeptide with structural similarities to scabichelin and turgichelin. Comparative LC-MS/MS analyses of iron-deficient culture supernatants from wild type S. scabies 87.22 and a mutant in which the NRPS gene had been disrupted, and scabichelin purified from S. antibioticus, showed that scabichelin is the metabolic product of the cryptic gene cluster, strongly suggesting that it functions as a siderophore.	1
Title: Identification and structural characterization of serobactins, a suite of lipopeptide siderophores produced by the grass endophyte Herbaspirillum seropedicae Abstract: Herbaspirillum seropedicae Z67 is a diazotrophic endophyte able to colonize the interior of many economically relevant crops such as rice, wheat, corn and sorghum. Structures of siderophores produced by bacterial endophytes have not yet been elucidated. The aim of this work was to identify and characterize the siderophores produced by this bacterium. In a screening for mutants unable to produce siderophores we found a mutant that had a transposon insertion in a non-ribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) gene coding for a putative siderophore biosynthetic enzyme. The chemical structure of the siderophore was predicted using computational genomic tools. The predicted structure was confirmed by chemical analysis. We found that siderophores produced by H. seropedicae Z67 are a suite of amphiphilic lipopeptides, named serobactin A, B and C, which vary by the length of the fatty acid chain. We also demonstrated the biological activity of serobactins as nutritional iron sources for H. seropedicae. These are the first structurally described siderophores produced by endophytic bacteria.	1
Title: Elucidation of sevadicin, a novel non-ribosomal peptide secondary metabolite produced by the honey bee pathogenic bacterium Paenibacillus larvae Abstract: American foulbrood (AFB) caused by the bee pathogenic bacterium Paenibacillus larvae is the most devastating bacterial disease of honey bees worldwide. From AFB-dead larvae, pure cultures of P. larvae can normally be cultivated indicating that P. larvae is able to defend its niche against all other bacteria present. Recently, comparative genome analysis within the species P. larvae suggested the presence of gene clusters coding for multi-enzyme complexes, such as non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs). The products of these enzyme complexes are known to have a wide range of biological activities including antibacterial activities. We here present our results on antibacterial activity exhibited by vegetative P. larvae and the identification and analysis of a novel antibacterially active P. larvae tripeptide (called sevadicin; Sev) produced by a NRPS encoded by a gene cluster found in the genome of P. larvae. Identification of Sev was ultimately achieved by comparing the secretome of wild-type P. larvae with knockout mutants of P. larvae lacking production of Sev. Subsequent mass spectrometric studies, enantiomer analytics and chemical synthesis revealed the sequence and configuration of the tripeptide, D-Phe-D-ALa-Trp, which was shown to have antibacterial activity. The relevance of our findings is discussed in respect to host-pathogen interactions.	1
Title: The genetic and molecular basis for sunscreen biosynthesis in cyanobacteria Abstract: Ultraviolet UV-A and UV-B radiation is harmful to living systems, causing damage to biological macromolecules. An important strategy for dealing with UV exposure is the biosynthesis of small-molecule sunscreens. Among such metabolites, the mycosporine and mycosporine-like amino acids (MAAs) are remarkable for their wide phylogenetic distribution and their unique chemical structures. Here, we report the identification of a MAA biosynthetic gene cluster in a cyanobacterium and the discovery of analogous pathways in other sequenced organisms. We have expressed the cluster in a heterologous bacterial host and characterized all four biosynthetic enzymes in vitro. In addition to clarifying the origin of the MAAs, these efforts have revealed two unprecedented enzymatic strategies for imine formation.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of sibiromycin, a potent antitumor antibiotic Abstract: Pyrrolobenzodiazepines, a class of natural products produced by actinomycetes, are sequence selective DNA alkylating compounds with significant antitumor properties. Among the pyrrolo[1,4]benzodiazepines (PBDs) sibiromycin, one of two identified glycosylated PBDs, displays the highest affinity for DNA and the most potent antitumor properties. Despite the promising antitumor properties clinical trials of sibiromycin were precluded by the cardiotoxicity effect in animals attributed to the presence of the C-9 hydroxyl group. As a first step toward the development of sibiromycin analogs, we have cloned and localized the sibiromycin gene cluster to a 32.7-kb contiguous DNA region. Cluster boundaries tentatively assigned by comparative genomics were verified by gene replacement experiments. The sibiromycin gene cluster consisting of 26 open reading frames reveals a "modular" strategy in which the synthesis of the anthranilic and dihydropyrrole moieties is completed before assembly by the nonribosomal peptide synthetase enzymes. In addition, the gene cluster identified includes open reading frames encoding enzymes involved in sibirosamine biosynthesis, as well as regulatory and resistance proteins. Gene replacement and chemical complementation studies are reported to support the proposed biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster of the non-ribosomally synthesized cyclodepsipeptide skyllamycin: deciphering unprecedented ways of unusual hydroxylation reactions Abstract: The cyclic depsipeptide skyllamycin A is a potent inhibitor of the platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) signaling pathway by inhibiting binding of homodimeric PDGF BB to the PDGF β-receptor. Its structure contains a cinnamoyl side chain and shows a high amount of β-hydroxylated amino acids as well as an unusual α-hydroxyglycine moiety as a rare structural modification. The skyllamycin biosynthetic gene cluster was cloned and sequenced from Streptomyces sp. Acta 2897. Its analysis revealed the presence of open reading frames encoding proteins for fatty acid precursor biosynthesis, non-ribosomal peptide synthetases, regulators, and transporters along with other modifying enzymes. Specific in-frame mutagenesis of these tailoring enzymes resulted in the production of novel skyllamycin derivatives revealing that β-hydroxy groups in skyllamycin A are introduced by a promiscuous cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, whereas a two-component flavin-dependent monooxygenase is involved in α-hydroxylation.	1
Title: RP-1776, a novel cyclic peptide produced by Streptomyces sp., inhibits the binding of PDGF to the extracellular domain of its receptor Abstract: RP-1776, a novel cyclic peptide, was isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. KY11784. RP-1776 selectively inhibited the binding of PDGF BB to the extracellular domain of the PDGF beta-receptor with an IC50 value of 11 +/- 6 microM. Detailed binding experiments suggested that RP-1776 directly interacts with PDGF BB. RP-1776 inhibited the phosphorylation of the PDGF beta-receptor induced by PDGF BB. These results suggested that RP-1776 antagonizes the signaling of PDGF BB probably through the inhibition of PDGF BB binding to the PDGF beta-receptor.	1
Title: The non-ribosomal assembly and frequent occurrence of the protease inhibitors spumigins in the bloom-forming cyanobacterium Nodularia spumigena Abstract: Nodularia spumigena is a filamentous nitrogen-fixing cyanobacterium that forms toxic blooms in brackish water bodies worldwide. Spumigins are serine protease inhibitors reported from a single strain of N. spumigena isolated from the Baltic Sea. These linear tetrapeptides contain non-proteinogenic amino acids including a C-terminal alcohol derivative of arginine. However, very little is known about these compounds despite the ecological importance of N. spumigena. We show that spumigins are assembled by two non-ribosomal peptide synthetases encoded in a 21 kb biosynthetic gene cluster. The compact non-ribosomal peptide synthetase features a reductive loading and release mechanism. Our analyses demonstrate that the bulk of spumigins produced by N. spumigena are released as peptide aldehydes in contrast to earlier findings. The main spumigin E variant contains an argininal residue and is a potent trypsin inhibitor. Spumigins were present in all of the N. spumigena strains isolated from the Baltic Sea and comprised up to 1% of the dry weight of the cyanobacterium. Our results demonstrate that bloom-forming N. spumigena strains produce a cocktail of enzyme inhibitors, which may explain in part the ecological success of this cyanobacterium in brackish water bodies worldwide.	1
Title: MS/MS-based networking and peptidogenomics guided genome mining revealed the stenothricin gene cluster in Streptomyces roseosporus Abstract: Most (75%) of the anti-infectives that save countless lives and enormously improve quality of life originate from microbes found in nature. Herein, we described a global visualization of the detectable molecules produced from a single microorganism, which we define as the 'molecular network' of that organism, followed by studies to characterize the cellular effects of antibacterial molecules. We demonstrate that Streptomyces roseosporus produces at least four non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-derived molecular families and their gene subnetworks (daptomycin, arylomycin, napsamycin and stenothricin) were identified with different modes of action. A number of previously unreported analogs involving truncation, glycosylation, hydrolysis and biosynthetic intermediates and/or shunt products were also captured and visualized by creation of a map through MS/MS networking. The diversity of antibacterial compounds produced by S. roseosporus highlights the importance of developing new approaches to characterize the molecular capacity of an organism in a more global manner. This allows one to more deeply interrogate the biosynthetic capacities of microorganisms with the goal to streamline the discovery pipeline for biotechnological applications in agriculture and medicine. This is a contribution to a special issue to honor Chris Walsh's amazing career.	1
Title: A stand-alone adenylation domain forms amide bonds in streptothricin biosynthesis Abstract: The streptothricin (ST) antibiotics, produced by Streptomyces bacteria, contain L-β-lysine ((3S)-3,6-diaminohexanoic acid) oligopeptides as pendant chains. Here we describe three unusual nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) involved in ST biosynthesis: ORF 5 (a stand-alone adenylation (A) domain), ORF 18 (containing thiolation (T) and condensation (C) domains) and ORF 19 (a stand-alone A domain). We demonstrate that ST biosynthesis begins with adenylation of L-β-lysine by ORF 5, followed by transfer to the T domain of ORF 18. In contrast, L-β-lysine molecules adenylated by ORF 19 are used to elongate an L-β-lysine peptide chain on ORF 18, a reaction unexpectedly catalyzed by ORF 19 itself. Finally, the C domain of ORF 18 catalyzes the condensation of L-β-lysine oligopeptides covalently bound to ORF 18 with a freely diffusible intermediate to release the ST products. These results highlight an unusual activity for an A domain and unique mechanisms of crosstalk within NRPS machinery.	1
Title: Structural and functional characterization of gene clusters directing nonribosomal synthesis of bioactive cyclic lipopeptides in Bacillus amyloliquefaciens strain FZB42 Abstract: The environmental strain Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 promotes plant growth and suppresses plant pathogenic organisms present in the rhizosphere. We sampled sequenced the genome of FZB42 and identified 2,947 genes with >50% identity on the amino acid level to the corresponding genes of Bacillus subtilis 168. Six large gene clusters encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) and polyketide synthases (PKS) occupied 7.5% of the whole genome. Two of the PKS and one of the NRPS encoding gene clusters were unique insertions in the FZB42 genome and are not present in B. subtilis 168. Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry analysis revealed expression of the antibiotic lipopeptide products surfactin, fengycin, and bacillomycin D. The fengycin (fen) and the surfactin (srf) operons were organized and located as in B. subtilis 168. A large 37.2-kb antibiotic DNA island containing the bmy gene cluster was attributed to the biosynthesis of bacillomycin D. The bmy island was found inserted close to the fen operon. The responsibility of the bmy, fen, and srf gene clusters for the production of the corresponding secondary metabolites was demonstrated by cassette mutagenesis, which led to the loss of the ability to produce these peptides. Although these single mutants still largely retained their ability to control fungal spread, a double mutant lacking both bacillomycin D and fengycin was heavily impaired in its ability to inhibit growth of phytopathogenic fungi, suggesting that both lipopeptides act in a synergistic manner.	1
Title: Escherichia coli allows efficient modular incorporation of newly isolated quinomycin biosynthetic enzyme into echinomycin biosynthetic pathway for rational design and synthesis of potent antibiotic unnatural natural product Abstract: Natural products display impressive activities against a wide range of targets, including viruses, microbes, and tumors. However, their clinical use is hampered frequently by their scarcity and undesirable toxicity. Not only can engineering Escherichia coli for plasmid-based pharmacophore biosynthesis offer alternative means of simple and easily scalable production of valuable yet hard-to-obtain compounds, but also carries a potential for providing a straightforward and efficient means of preparing natural product analogs. The quinomycin family of nonribosomal peptides, including echinomycin, triostin A, and SW-163s, are important secondary metabolites imparting antibiotic antitumor activity via DNA bisintercalation. Previously we have shown the production of echinomycin and triostin A in E. coli using our convenient and modular plasmid system to introduce these heterologous biosynthetic pathways into E. coli. However, we have yet to develop a novel biosynthetic pathway capable of producing bioactive unnatural natural products in E. coli. Here we report an identification of a new gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of SW-163s that involves previously unknown biosynthesis of (+)-(1S, 2S)-norcoronamic acid and generation of aliphatic side chains of various sizes via iterative methylation of an unactivated carbon center. Substituting an echinomycin biosynthetic gene with a gene from the newly identified SW-163 biosynthetic gene cluster, we were able to rationally re-engineer the plasmid-based echinomycin biosynthetic pathway for the production of a novel bioactive compound in E. coli.	1
Title: Identification of a biosynthetic gene cluster and the six associated lipopeptides involved in swarming motility of Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 Abstract: Pseudomonas species are known to be prolific producers of secondary metabolites that are synthesized wholly or in part by nonribosomal peptide synthetases. In an effort to identify additional nonribosomal peptides produced by these bacteria, a bioinformatics approach was used to "mine" the genome of Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 for the metabolic potential to biosynthesize previously unknown nonribosomal peptides. Herein we describe the identification of a nonribosomal peptide biosynthetic gene cluster that codes for proteins involved in the production of six structurally related linear lipopeptides. Structures for each of these lipopeptides were proposed based on amino acid analysis and mass spectrometry analyses. Mutations in this cluster resulted in the loss of swarming motility of P. syringae pv. tomato DC3000 on medium containing a low percentage of agar. This phenotype is consistent with the loss of the ability to produce a lipopeptide that functions as a biosurfactant. This work gives additional evidence that mining the genomes of microorganisms followed by metabolite and phenotypic analyses leads to the identification of previously unknown secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Production of proteasome inhibitor syringolin A by the endophyte Rhizobium sp. strain AP16 Abstract: Syringolin A, the product of a mixed nonribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthase encoded by the syl gene cluster, is a virulence factor secreted by certain Pseudomonas syringae strains. Together with the glidobactins produced by a number of beta- and gammaproteobacterial human and animal pathogens, it belongs to the syrbactins, a structurally novel class of proteasome inhibitors. In plants, proteasome inhibition by syringolin A-producing P. syringae strains leads to the suppression of host defense pathways requiring proteasome activity, such as the ones mediated by salicylic acid and jasmonic acid. Here we report the discovery of a syl-like gene cluster with some unusual features in the alphaproteobacterial endophyte Rhizobium sp. strain AP16 that encodes a putative syringolin A-like synthetase whose components share 55% to 65% sequence identity (72% to 79% similarity) at the amino acid level. As revealed by average nucleotide identity (ANI) calculations, this strain likely belongs to the same species as biocontrol strain R. rhizogenes K84 (formely known as Agrobacterium radiobacter K84), which, however, carries a nonfunctional deletion remnant of the syl-like gene cluster. Here we present a functional analysis of the syl-like gene cluster of Rhizobium sp. strain AP16 and demonstrate that this endophyte synthesizes syringolin A and some related minor variants, suggesting that proteasome inhibition by syrbactin production can be important not only for pathogens but also for endophytic bacteria in the interaction with their hosts.	1
Title: The contribution of syringopeptin and syringomycin to virulence of Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae strain B301D on the basis of sypA and syrB1 biosynthesis mutant analysis Abstract: Sequencing of an approximately 3.9-kb fragment downstream of the syrD gene of Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae strain B301D revealed that this region, designated sypA, codes for a peptide synthetase, a multifunctional enzyme involved in the thiotemplate mechanism of peptide biosynthesis. The translated protein sequence encompasses a complete amino acid activation module containing the conserved domains characteristic of peptide synthetases. Analysis of the substrate specificity region of this module indicates that it incorporates 2,3-dehydroaminobutyric acid into the syringopeptin peptide structure. Bioassay and high performance liquid chromatography data confirmed that disruption of the sypA gene in strain B301D resulted in the loss of syringopeptin production. The contribution of syringopeptin and syringomycin to the virulence of P. syringae pv. syringae strain B301D was examined in immature sweet cherry with sypA and syrB1 synthetase mutants defective in the production of the two toxins, respectively. Syringopeptin (sypA) and syringomycin (syrB1) mutants were reduced in virulence 59 and 26%, respectively, compared with the parental strain in cherry, whereas the syringopeptin-syringomycin double mutant was reduced 76% in virulence. These data demonstrate that syringopeptin and syringomycin are major virulence determinants of P. syringae pv. syringae.	1
Title: The sypA, sypS, and sypC synthetase genes encode twenty-two modules involved in the nonribosomal peptide synthesis of syringopeptin by Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae B301D Abstract: Syringopeptin is a necrosis-inducing phytotoxin, composed of 22 amino acids attached to a 3-hydroxy fatty acid tail. Syringopeptin, produced by Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae, functions as a virulence determinant in the plant-pathogen interaction. A 73,800-bp DNA region was sequenced, and analysis identified three large open reading frames, sypA, sypB, and sypC, that are 16.1, 16.3, and 40.6 kb in size. Sequence analysis of the putative SypA, SypB, and SypC sequences determined that they are homologous to peptide synthetases, containing five, five, and twelve amino acid activation modules, respectively. Each module exhibited characteristic domains for condensation, aminoacyl adenylation, and thiolation. Within the aminoacyl adenylation domain is a region responsible for substrate specificity. Phylogenetic analysis of the substrate-binding pockets resulted in clustering of the 22 syringopeptin modules into nine groups. This clustering reflects the substrate amino acids predicted to be recognized by each of the respective modules based on placement of the syringopeptin NRPS (nonribosomal peptide synthetase) system in the linear (type A) group. Finally, SypC contains two C-terminal thioesterase domains predicted to catalyze the release of syringopeptin from the synthetase and peptide cyclization to form the lactone ring. The syringopeptin synthetases, which carry 22 NRPS modules, represent the largest linear NRPS system described for a prokaryote.	1
Title: Direct cloning and refactoring of a silent lipopeptide biosynthetic gene cluster yields the antibiotic taromycin A Abstract: Recent developments in next-generation sequencing technologies have brought recognition of microbial genomes as a rich resource for novel natural product discovery. However, owing to the scarcity of efficient procedures to connect genes to molecules, only a small fraction of secondary metabolomes have been investigated to date. Transformation-associated recombination (TAR) cloning takes advantage of the natural in vivo homologous recombination of Saccharomyces cerevisiae to directly capture large genomic loci. Here we report a TAR-based genetic platform that allows us to directly clone, refactor, and heterologously express a silent biosynthetic pathway to yield a new antibiotic. With this method, which involves regulatory gene remodeling, we successfully expressed a 67-kb nonribosomal peptide synthetase biosynthetic gene cluster from the marine actinomycete Saccharomonospora sp. CNQ-490 and produced the dichlorinated lipopeptide antibiotic taromycin A in the model expression host Streptomyces coelicolor. The taromycin gene cluster (tar) is highly similar to the clinically approved antibiotic daptomycin from Streptomyces roseosporus, but has notable structural differences in three amino acid residues and the lipid side chain. With the activation of the tar gene cluster and production of taromycin A, this study highlights a unique "plug-and-play" approach to efficiently gaining access to orphan pathways that may open avenues for novel natural product discoveries and drug development.	1
Title: Organization of the teicoplanin gene cluster in Actinoplanes teichomyceticus Abstract: The glycopeptide teicoplanin is used for the treatment of serious infections caused by Gram-positive pathogens. The tcp gene cluster, devoted to teicoplanin biosynthesis in the actinomycete Actinoplanes teichomyceticus, was isolated and characterized. From sequence analysis, the tcp cluster spans approximately 73 kb and includes 39 ORFs participating in teicoplanin biosynthesis, regulation, resistance and export. Of these, 34 ORFs find a match in at least one of the five glycopeptide gene clusters previously characterized. Putative roles could be assigned for most of the tcp genes. The two glycosyltransferases responsible for attaching amino sugars to amino acids 4 and 6 of the teicoplanin aglycon were overexpressed in Escherichia coli and characterized. They both recognize N-acetylglucosamine as the substrate. tGtfA can add a sugar residue in the presence or absence of N-acetylglucosamine at amino acid 4, while tGtfB can only glycosylate the teicoplanin aglycon.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster of the glycopeptide antibiotic teicoplanin: characterization of two glycosyltransferases and the key acyltransferase Abstract: The gene cluster encoding biosynthesis of the clinically important glycopeptide antibiotic teicoplanin has been cloned from Actinoplanes teichomyceticus. Forty-nine putative open reading frames (ORFs) were identified within an 89 kbp genetic locus and assigned roles in teicoplanin biosynthesis, export, resistance, and regulation. Two ORFs, designated orfs 1 and 10*, showed significant homology to known glycosyltransferases. When heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli, these glycosyltransferases were shown to catalyze the transfer of UDP-(N-acetyl)-glucosamine onto, respectively, 3-chloro-beta-hydroxytyrosine-6 (3-Cl-6betaHty) and 4-hydroxyphenylglycine-4 (4Hpg) of the teicoplanin heptapeptide aglycone. The product of another ORF, orf11*, was demonstrated in vitro to transfer n-acetyl-, n-butyryl-, and n-octanoyl-groups from acyl-CoA donors either to a free UDP-aminosugar or to an aminosugar moiety in the teicoplanin pseudoaglycone, thus identifying Orf11* as the key acyltransferase in teicoplanin maturation. These findings should accelerate the combinatorial engineering of new and improved glycopeptide drugs.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450 OxyBtei catalyzes the first phenolic coupling step in teicoplanin biosynthesis Abstract: Bacterial cytochrome P450s form a remarkable clade of the P450 superfamily of oxidative hemoproteins, and are often involved in the biosynthesis of complex natural products. Those in a subgroup known as "Oxy enzymes" play a crucial role in the biosynthesis of glycopeptide antibiotics, including vancomycin and teicoplanin. The Oxy enzymes catalyze crosslinking of aromatic residues in the non-ribosomal antibiotic precursor peptide while it remains bound to the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS); this crosslinking secures the three-dimensional structure of the glycopeptide, crucial for antibiotic activity. We have characterized OxyBtei , the first of the Oxy enzymes in teicoplanin biosynthesis. Our results reveal that OxyBtei possesses a structure similar to those of other Oxy proteins and is active in crosslinking NRPS-bound peptide substrates. However, OxyBtei displays a significantly altered activity spectrum against peptide substrates compared to its well-studied vancomycin homologue.	1
Title: Genomic mining for Aspergillus natural products Abstract: The genus Aspergillus is renowned for its ability to produce a myriad of bioactive secondary metabolites. Although the propensity of biosynthetic genes to form contiguous clusters greatly facilitates assignment of putative secondary metabolite genes in the completed Aspergillus genomes, such analysis cannot predict gene expression and, ultimately, product formation. To circumvent this deficiency, we have examined Aspergillus nidulans microarrays for expressed secondary metabolite gene clusters by using the transcriptional regulator LaeA. Deletion or overexpression of laeA clearly identified numerous secondary metabolite clusters. A gene deletion in one of the clusters eliminated the production of the antitumor compound terrequinone A, a metabolite not described, from A. nidulans. In this paper, we highlight that LaeA-based genome mining helps decipher the secondary metabolome of Aspergilli and provides an unparalleled view to assess secondary metabolism gene regulation.	1
Title: A one-pot chemoenzymatic synthesis for the universal precursor of antidiabetes and antiviral bis-indolylquinones Abstract: Bis-indolylquinones represent a class of fungal natural products that display antiretroviral, antidiabetes, or cytotoxic bioactivities. Recent advances in Aspergillus genomic mining efforts have led to the discovery of the tdiA-E-gene cluster, which is the first genetic locus dedicated to bis-indolylquinone biosynthesis. We have now genetically and biochemically characterized the enzymes TdiA (bis-indolylquinone synthetase) and TdiD (L-tryptophan:phenylpyruvate aminotransferase), which, together, confer biosynthetic abilities for didemethylasterriquinone D to Aspergillus nidulans. This compound is the universal intermediate for all bis-indolylquinones. In this biochemical study of a bis-indolylquinone synthetase and a fungal natural product transaminase, we present a one-pot chemoenzymatic protocol to generate didemethylasterriquinone D in vitro. As TdiA resembles a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, yet catalyzes carbon-carbon-bond formation, we discuss the implications for peptide synthetase chemistry.	1
Title: Accurate prediction of the Aspergillus nidulans terrequinone gene cluster boundaries using the transcriptional regulator LaeA Abstract: LaeA is a regulatory protein of the genus Aspergillus which controls global expression of secondary metabolism gene clusters. During a previous genome-wide transcriptional profiling screen, numerous novel gene clusters were found to be regulated by LaeA including a cluster required for the production of the antitumor agent terrequinone A. Beginnings and ends of secondary metabolite gene clusters are difficult to predict by gene sequence alone, but sharp demarcation of transcriptional control by LaeA suggested this protein might present a tool to identify cluster ends. To address this possibility in a first test case, we created null mutants of three genes, one regulated and two not regulated by LaeA, lying at the first, sixth and seventh position of a contiguous seven gene region where the third gene in this continuum was already shown to be required for terrequinone A production. Only the gene regulated by LaeA, tdiE, sixth in the series, was required for terrequinone A. In this pilot experiment, these findings experimentally validate LaeA-based predictions of the terrequinone biosynthetic locus boundaries. Further, this study identifies TdiE as a protein of unknown yet essential function for terrequinone A biosynthesis.	1
Title: The Aspergillus nidulans enzyme TdiB catalyzes prenyltransfer to the precursor of bioactive asterriquinones Abstract: The asterriquinones represent a class of ascomycete metabolic products whose significance stems from remarkable and useful pharmacological activities, among those antiretroviral (e.g., against the HI-virus), antitumor, and antidiabetes properties. Recently, the first genetic locus for an asterriquinone, the clustered terrequinone genes tdiA-E, was identified during a genome-wide screen in Aspergillus nidulans for "orphan" natural product biosynthesis loci. Here, we describe overexpression and characterization of TdiB, which catalyzes the reverse prenylation event during terrequinone A biosynthesis, which is the transfer of dimethylallyl diphosphate to carbon atom 2' of the intermediate didemethylasterriquinone D, to yield asterriquinone C-1. TdiB does not depend on the presence of divalent metal cations for catalysis and lacks the canonical prenyl diphosphate binding motif (D/N)DXXD.	1
Title: Terrequinone A biosynthesis through L-tryptophan oxidation, dimerization and bisprenylation Abstract: The antitumor fungal metabolite terrequinone A, identified in extracts of Aspergillus sp., is biosynthesized by the five-gene cluster tdiA-tdiE. In this work, we have overproduced all five proteins (TdiA-TdiE) in the bacterial host Escherichia coli, fully reconstituting the biosynthesis of terrequinone A. This pathway involves aminotransferase activity, head-to-tail dimerization and bisprenylation of the scaffold to yield the benzoquinone natural product. We have established that TdiD is a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-dependent L-tryptophan aminotransferase that generates indolepyruvate for an unusual nonoxidative coupling by the tridomain nonribosomal peptide synthetase TdiA. TdiC, an NADH-dependent quinone reductase, generates the nucleophilic hydroquinone for two distinct rounds of prenylation by the single prenyltransferase TdiB. TdiE is required to shunt the benzoquinone away from an off-pathway monoprenylated species by an as yet unknown mechanism. Overall, we have biochemically characterized the complete biosynthetic pathway to terrequinone A, highlighting the nonoxidative dimerization pathway and the unique asymmetric prenylation involved in its maturation.	1
Title: Deciphering the rhizosphere microbiome for disease-suppressive bacteria Abstract: Disease-suppressive soils are exceptional ecosystems in which crop plants suffer less from specific soil-borne pathogens than expected owing to the activities of other soil microorganisms. For most disease-suppressive soils, the microbes and mechanisms involved in pathogen control are unknown. By coupling PhyloChip-based metagenomics of the rhizosphere microbiome with culture-dependent functional analyses, we identified key bacterial taxa and genes involved in suppression of a fungal root pathogen. More than 33,000 bacterial and archaeal species were detected, with Proteobacteria, Firmicutes, and Actinobacteria consistently associated with disease suppression. Members of the γ-Proteobacteria were shown to have disease-suppressive activity governed by nonribosomal peptide synthetases. Our data indicate that upon attack by a fungal root pathogen, plants can exploit microbial consortia from soil for protection against infections.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450–catalyzed L-tryptophan nitration in thaxtomin phytotoxin biosynthesis Abstract: Thaxtomin phytotoxins produced by plant-pathogenic Streptomyces species contain a nitro group that is essential for phytotoxicity. The N,N'-dimethyldiketopiperazine core of thaxtomins is assembled from L-phenylalanine and L-4-nitrotryptophan by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, and nitric oxide synthase-generated NO is incorporated into the nitro group, but the biosynthesis of the nonproteinogenic amino acid L-4-nitrotryptophan is unclear. Here we report that TxtE, a unique cytochrome P450, catalyzes L-tryptophan nitration using NO and O(2).	1
Title: Deciphering the biosynthesis pathway of the antitumor thiocoraline from a marine actinomycete and its expression in two streptomyces species Abstract: Thiocoraline is a thiodepsipeptide antitumor compound produced by two actinomycetes Micromonospora sp. ACM2-092 and Micromonospora sp. ML1, isolated from two marine invertebrates (a soft coral and a mollusc) found of the Indian Ocean coast of Mozambique. By using oligoprimers derived from nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) consensus sequences, six PCR fragments containing putative NRPS adenylation domains were amplified from the chromosome of Micromonospora sp. ML1. Insertional inactivation of each adenylation domain showed that two of them generated nonproducing mutants, thereby indicating that these domains were involved in thiocoraline biosynthesis. Sequencing of a 64.6 kbp DNA region revealed the presence of 36 complete open reading frames (ORFs) and two incomplete ones. Heterologous expression of a region of about 53 kbp, containing 26 of the ORFs, in Streptomyces albus and S. lividans led to the production of thiocoraline in these streptomycetes. Surprisingly, the identified gene cluster contains more NRPS modules than expected on the basis of the number of amino acids of thiocoraline. TioR and TioS would most probably constitute the NRPS involved in the biosynthesis of the thiocoraline backbone, according to the colinearity of the respective modules. It is proposed that two other NRPSs, TioY and TioZ, could be responsible for the biosynthesis of a small peptide molecule which could be involved in regulation of the biosynthesis of thicoraline in Micromonospora sp. ML1. In addition, a pathway is proposed for the biosynthesis of the unusual starter unit, 3-hydroxy-quinaldic acid.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Enterotoxic Pyrrolobenzodiazepine Natural Product Tilivalline Abstract: The nonribosomal enterotoxin tilivalline was the first naturally occurring pyrrolobenzodiazepine to be linked to disease in the human intestine. Since the producing organism Klebsiella oxytoca is part of the intestinal microbiota and the pyrrolobenzodiazepine causes the pathogenesis of colitis it is important to understand the biosynthesis and regulation of tilivalline activity. Here we report the biosynthesis of tilivalline and show that this nonribosomal peptide assembly pathway initially generates tilimycin, a simple pyrrolobenzodiazepine with cytotoxic properties. Tilivalline results from the non-enzymatic spontaneous reaction of tilimycin with biogenetically generated indole. Through a chemical total synthesis of tilimycin we could corroborate the predictions made about the biosynthesis. Production of two cytotoxic pyrrolobenzodiazepines with distinct functionalities by human gut resident Klebsiella oxytoca has important implications for intestinal disease.	1
Title: A tricyclic pyrrolobenzodiazepine produced by Klebsiella oxytoca is associated with cytotoxicity in antibiotic-associated hemorrhagic colitis Abstract: Cytotoxin-producing Klebsiella oxytoca is the causative agent of antibiotic-associated hemorrhagic colitis (AAHC). Recently, the cytotoxin associated with AAHC was identified as tilivalline, a known pentacyclic pyrrolobenzodiazepine (PBD) metabolite produced by K. oxytoca Although this assertion of tilivalline's role in AAHC is supported by evidence from animal experiments, some key aspects of this finding appear to be incompatible with toxicity mechanisms of known PBD toxins. We therefore hypothesized that K. oxytoca may produce some other uncharacterized cytotoxins. To address this question, we investigated whether tilivalline alone is indeed necessary and sufficient to induce cytotoxicity or whether K. oxytoca also produces other cytotoxins. LC-MS- and NMR-based metabolomic analyses revealed the presence of an abundant tricyclic PBD, provisionally designated kleboxymycin, in the supernatant of toxigenic K. oxytoca strains. Moreover, by generating multiple mutants with gene deletions affecting tilivalline biosynthesis, we show that a tryptophanase-deficient, tilivalline-negative K. oxytoca mutant induced cytotoxicity in vitro similar to tilivalline-positive K. oxytoca strains. Furthermore, synthetic kleboxymycin exhibited greater than 9-fold higher cytotoxicity than tilivalline in TC50 cell culture assays. We also found that the biosynthetic pathways for kleboxymycin and tilivalline appear to overlap, as tilivalline is an indole derivative of kleboxymycin. In summary, our results indicate that tilivalline is not essential for inducing cytotoxicity observed in K. oxytoca-associated AAHC and that kleboxymycin is a tilivalline-related bacterial metabolite with even higher cytotoxicity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Klebsiella oxytoca Pathogenicity Factor Tilivalline: Heterologous Expression, in Vitro Biosynthesis, and Inhibitor Development Abstract: Tilvalline is a pyrrolo[4,2]benzodiazepine derivative produced by the pathobiont Klebsiella oxytoca and is the causative toxin in antibiotic associated hemorrhagic colitis (AAHC). Heterologous expression of the tilivalline biosynthetic gene cluster along with in vitro reconstitution of the respective NRPS (NpsA, ThdA, NpsB) was employed to reveal a nonenzymatic indole incorporation via a spontaneous Friedel-Crafts-like alkylation reaction. Furthermore, the heterologous system was used to generate novel tilivalline derivatives by supplementation of respective anthranilate and indole precursors. Finally, it could be shown that salicylic and acetylsalicylic acid inhibit the biosynthesis of tilivalline in K. oxytoca liquid culture, presumably by blocking the peptidyl carrier protein ThdA, pointing toward a potential application in combination therapy to prevent or alleviate the symptoms of AAHC.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for tomaymycin, an SJG-136 monomeric analog Abstract: Tomaymycin produced by Streptomyces achromogenes is a naturally produced pyrrolobenzodiazepine (PBD). The biosynthetic gene cluster for tomaymycin was identified and sequenced. The gene cluster analysis reveals a novel biosynthetic pathway for the anthranilate moiety of PBDs. Gene replacement and chemical complementation studies were used to confirm the proposed biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Biochemical, structural, and genetic characterization of tridecaptin A₁, an antagonist of Campylobacter jejuni Abstract: Bacillus circulans NRRL B-30644 (now Paenibacillus terrae) was previously reported to produce SRCAM 1580, a bacteriocin active against the food pathogen Campylobacter jejuni. We have been unable to isolate SRCAM 1580, and did not find any genetic determinants in the genome of this strain. We now report the reassignment of this activity to the lipopeptide tridecaptin A₁. Structural characterization of tridecaptin A1 was achieved through NMR, MS/MS and GC-MS studies. The structure was confirmed through the first chemical synthesis of tridecaptin A₁, which also revealed the stereochemistry of the lipid chain. The impact of this stereochemistry on antimicrobial activity was examined. The biosynthetic machinery responsible for tridecaptin production was identified through bioinformatic analyses. P. terrae NRRL B-30644 also produces paenicidin B, a novel lantibiotic active against Gram-positive bacteria. MS/MS analyses indicate that this lantibiotic is structurally similar to paenicidin A.	1
Title: Complete sequence of biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for producing triostin A and evaluation of quinomycin-type antibiotics from Streptomyces triostinicus Abstract: Streptomyces triostinicus produces triostin A, an antitumor antibiotic, as its major secondary metabolite. Surprisingly, this strain also produced a trace amount of echinomycin. We sequenced the entire triostin A biosynthetic gene cluster from S. triostinicus, and found that this 36 kilobase-long gene cluster contained an ORF homologous to ecm18 that encodes a thioacetal-forming enzyme responsible for the triostin A-to-echinomycin bioconversion. These findings indicate that, unlike previously thought, S. triostinicus is capable of producing not only triostin A but also echinomycin. Our observation suggests potential value in careful re-analysis for metabolites from previously characterized natural product producers with the current technologies.	1
Title: Turnerbactin, a novel triscatecholate siderophore from the shipworm endosymbiont Teredinibacter turnerae T7901 Abstract: Shipworms are marine bivalve mollusks (Family Teredinidae) that use wood for shelter and food. They harbor a group of closely related, yet phylogenetically distinct, bacterial endosymbionts in bacteriocytes located in the gills. This endosymbiotic community is believed to support the host's nutrition in multiple ways, through the production of cellulolytic enzymes and the fixation of nitrogen. The genome of the shipworm endosymbiont Teredinibacter turnerae T7901 was recently sequenced and in addition to the potential for cellulolytic enzymes and diazotrophy, the genome also revealed a rich potential for secondary metabolites. With nine distinct biosynthetic gene clusters, nearly 7% of the genome is dedicated to secondary metabolites. Bioinformatic analyses predict that one of the gene clusters is responsible for the production of a catecholate siderophore. Here we describe this gene cluster in detail and present the siderophore product from this cluster. Genes similar to the entCEBA genes of enterobactin biosynthesis involved in the production and activation of dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHB) are present in this cluster, as well as a two-module non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). A novel triscatecholate siderophore, turnerbactin, was isolated from the supernatant of iron-limited T. turnerae T7901 cultures. Turnerbactin is a trimer of N-(2,3-DHB)-L-Orn-L-Ser with the three monomeric units linked by Ser ester linkages. A monomer, dimer, dehydrated dimer, and dehydrated trimer of 2,3-DHB-L-Orn-L-Ser were also found in the supernatant. A link between the gene cluster and siderophore product was made by constructing a NRPS mutant, TtAH03. Siderophores could not be detected in cultures of TtAH03 by HPLC analysis and Fe-binding activity of culture supernatant was significantly reduced. Regulation of the pathway by iron is supported by identification of putative Fur box sequences and observation of increased Fe-binding activity under iron restriction. Evidence of a turnerbactin fragment was found in shipworm extracts, suggesting the production of turnerbactin in the symbiosis.	1
Title: Deciphering the biosynthetic codes for the potent anti-SARS-CoV cyclodepsipeptide valinomycin in Streptomyces tsusimaensis ATCC 15141 Abstract: Valinomycin was recently reported to be the most potent agent against severe acute respiratory-syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV) in infected Vero E6 cells. Aimed at generating analogues by metabolic engineering, the valinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster has been cloned from Streptomyces tsusimaensis ATCC 15141. Targeted disruption of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene abolishes valinomycin production, which confirms its predicted nonribosomal-peptide origin. Sequence analysis of the NRPS system reveals four distinctive modules, two of which contain unusual domain organizations that are presumably involved in the generation of biosynthetic precursors D-alpha-hydroxyisovaleric acid and L-lactic acid. The respective adenylation domains in these two modules contain novel substrate-specificity-conferring codes that might specify for a class of hydroxyl acids for the biosynthesis of the depsipeptide natural products.	1
Title: A gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of vanchrobactin, a chromosome-encoded siderophore produced by Vibrio anguillarum Abstract: Vibrio anguillarum serotype O2 strains produce a catechol siderophore named vanchrobactin, which has been identified as N-[N'-(2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl)-arginyl]-serine. This work describes a chromosomal region that harbours the genetic determinants necessary for the biosynthesis of vanchrobactin. The authors have identified the genes involved in 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) biosynthesis (vabA, vabB and vabC) and activation (vabE), and a gene (vabF) encoding a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase, which is putatively involved in the assembly of the siderophore components. Also described are the identification and characterization of genes encoding a putative vanchrobactin exporter (vabS) and a siderophore esterase (vabH). In-frame deletion mutants in vabA, vabB, vabC, vabE, vabF and vabH were impaired for growth under conditions of iron limitation, and the analysis of culture supernatants by chrome azurol-S and cross-feeding assays showed almost no production of siderophores in any of the vabABCEF mutants. In addition, deletion mutations of vabA, vabB and vabC abolished production of DHBA, as assessed by chemical and biological analyses. Complementation of each mutant with the corresponding gene provided in trans confirmed the involvement of this gene cluster in the biosynthesis of DHBA and vanchrobactin in V. anguillarum strain RV22. Based on chemical and genetic data, and on published models for other catechol siderophores, a model for vanchrobactin biosynthesis is proposed.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence and comparative genomic analyses of the vancomycin-producing Amycolatopsis orientalis Abstract: Background:                       Amycolatopsis orientalis is the type species of the genus and its industrial strain HCCB10007, derived from ATCC 43491, has been used for large-scale production of the vital antibiotic vancomycin. However, to date, neither the complete genomic sequence of this species nor a systemic characterization of the vancomycin biosynthesis cluster (vcm) has been reported. With only the whole genome sequence of Amycolatopsis mediterranei available, additional complete genomes of other species may facilitate intra-generic comparative analysis of the genus.                  Results:                       The complete genome of A. orientalis HCCB10007 comprises an 8,948,591-bp circular chromosome and a 33,499-bp dissociated plasmid. In total, 8,121 protein-coding sequences were predicted, and the species-specific genomic features of A. orientalis were analyzed in comparison with that of A. mediterranei. The common characteristics of Amycolatopsis genomes were revealed via intra- and inter-generic comparative genomic analyses within the domain of actinomycetes, and led directly to the development of sequence-based Amycolatopsis molecular chemotaxonomic characteristics (MCCs). The chromosomal core/quasi-core and non-core configurations of the A. orientalis and the A. mediterranei genome were analyzed reciprocally, with respect to further understanding both the discriminable criteria and the evolutionary implementation. In addition, 26 gene clusters related to secondary metabolism, including the 64-kb vcm cluster, were identified in the genome. Employing a customized PCR-targeting-based mutagenesis system along with the biochemical identification of vancomycin variants produced by the mutants, we were able to experimentally characterize a halogenase, a methyltransferase and two glycosyltransferases encoded in the vcm cluster. The broad substrate spectra characteristics of these modification enzymes were inferred.                  Conclusions:                       This study not only extended the genetic knowledge of the genus Amycolatopsis and the biochemical knowledge of vcm-related post-assembly tailoring enzymes, but also developed methodology useful for in vivo studies in A. orientalis, which has been widely considered as a barrier in this field.	1
Title: The partitioned Rhizobium etli genome: genetic and metabolic redundancy in seven interacting replicons Abstract: We report the complete 6,530,228-bp genome sequence of the symbiotic nitrogen fixing bacterium Rhizobium etli. Six large plasmids comprise one-third of the total genome size. The chromosome encodes most functions necessary for cell growth, whereas few essential genes or complete metabolic pathways are located in plasmids. Chromosomal synteny is disrupted by genes related to insertion sequences, phages, plasmids, and cell-surface components. Plasmids do not show synteny, and their orthologs are mostly shared by accessory replicons of species with multipartite genomes. Some nodulation genes are predicted to be functionally related with chromosomal loci encoding for the external envelope of the bacterium. Several pieces of evidence suggest an exogenous origin for the symbiotic plasmid (p42d) and p42a. Additional putative horizontal gene transfer events might have contributed to expand the adaptive repertoire of R. etli, because they include genes involved in small molecule metabolism, transport, and transcriptional regulation. Twenty-three putative sigma factors, numerous isozymes, and paralogous families attest to the metabolic redundancy and the genomic plasticity necessary to sustain the lifestyle of R. etli in symbiosis and in the soil.	1
Title: Deciphering tuberactinomycin biosynthesis: isolation, sequencing, and annotation of the viomycin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: The tuberactinomycin antibiotics are essential components in the drug arsenal against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections and are specifically used for the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. These antibiotics are also being investigated for their targeting of the catalytic RNAs involved in viral replication and for the treatment of bacterial infections caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains and vancomycin-resistant enterococci. We report on the isolation, sequencing, and annotation of the biosynthetic gene cluster for one member of this antibiotic family, viomycin, from Streptomyces sp. strain ATCC 11861. This is the first gene cluster for a member of the tuberactinomycin family of antibiotics sequenced, and the information gained can be extrapolated to all members of this family. The gene cluster covers 36.3 kb of DNA and encodes 20 open reading frames that we propose are involved in the biosynthesis, regulation, export, and activation of viomycin, in addition to self-resistance to the antibiotic. These results enable us to predict the metabolic logic of tuberactinomycin production and begin steps toward the combinatorial biosynthesis of these antibiotics to complement existing chemical modification techniques to produce novel tuberactinomycin derivatives.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster and regulatory cascade for the synergistic antibacterial antibiotics griseoviridin and viridogrisein in Streptomyces griseoviridis Abstract: Griseoviridin (GV) and viridogrisein (VG, also referred to as etamycin), produced by Streptomyces griseoviridis, are two chemically unrelated compounds belonging to the streptogramin family. Both of these natural products demonstrate broad-spectrum antibacterial activity and constitute excellent candidates for future drug development. To elucidate the biosynthetic machinery associated with production of these two unique antibiotics, the gene cluster responsible for both GV and VG production was identified within the Streptomyces griseoviridis genome and characterized, and its function in GV and VG biosynthesis was confirmed by inactivation of 30 genes and complementation experiments. This sgv gene cluster is localized to a 105 kb DNA region that consists of 36 open reading frames (ORFs), including four nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) for VG biosynthesis and a set of hybrid polyketide synthases (PKS)-NRPSs with a discrete acyltransferase (AT), SgvQ, to assemble the GV backbone. The enzyme encoding genes for VG versus GV biosynthesis are separated into distinct "halves" of the cluster. A series of four genes: sgvA, sgvB, sgvC, and sgvK, were found downstream of the PKS-NRPS; these likely code for construction of a γ-butyrolactone (GBL)-like molecule. GBLs and the corresponding GBL receptor systems are the highest ranked regulators that are able to coordinate the two streptomyces antibiotic regulatory protein (SARP) family positive regulators SgvR2 and SgvR3; both are key biosynthetic activators. Models of GV, VG, and GBL biosynthesis were proposed by using functional gene assignments, determined on the basis of bioinformatics analysis and further supported by in vivo gene inactivation experiments. Overall, this work provides new insights into the biosyntheses of the GV and VG streptogramins that are potentially applicable to a host of combinatorial biosynthetic scenarios.	1
Title: Involvement of SgvP in carbon-sulfur bond formation during Griseoviridin biosynthesis Abstract: Griseoviridin (GV) is an A-type streptogramin antibiotic displaying antimicrobial activity and acting synergistically with viridogrisein (VG). Bioinformatic analyses reveal SgvP as the sole cytochrome P450 enzyme in the GV/VG gene cluster. To explore the role of SgvP in the GV/VG pathway, we inactivated the sgvP gene. The resulting ΔsgvP mutant generated two new products: GV-1 and GV-2, both lacking the CS bridge. In trans complementation of the sgvP gene into the ΔsgvP mutant strain partially restores GV production. Feeding [1-(13) C]-labeled cysteine to the wild-type strain led to enrichment of C-7 in the GV scaffold, thus verifying that the CS bond in GV is formed through direct coupling of the free SH group provided by the side chain of cysteine. The above results highlight the significance of SgvP in CS bond formation in griseoviridin biosynthesis.	1
Title: [Substrate specificity of 3-hydroxypicolinic acid unit in the viridogrisein biosynthetic pathway] Abstract: Objective:                       To explore the role of sgvS in the biosynthesis of 3-hydroxypicolinic acid moiety of viridogrsein, and to analyze the substrate specificity of 3-hydroxypicolinic acid moiety in the viridogrsein biosynthetic pathway.                  Methods:                       Through gene insertion inactivation and in trans complementation strategies, we obtained the gene inactivation mutant sgvS andits complementation mutant deltasgvS :: sgvS. Meanwhile, we fed 3-hydroxypicolinic acid, picolinic acid, 2-piperidinecarboxylic acid, 3-chloropyridinecarboxylic acid, 4-chloropyridinecarboxylic acid, 3,5-chloropyridinecarboxylic acid, nicotinic acid, 2-chloronicotinic acid, 2-fluoronicotinic acid acid, 5-fluoronicotinic acid and 6-fluoronicotinic acid to the sgvS mutant, respectively. The fermentation extracts were analyzed by HPLC.                  Results:                       sgvS mutant abolished the viridogrsein production; viridogrsein production was restored through in trans complementation of sgvS mutant or by feeding 3-hydroxypicolinic acid to the sgvS mutant. No new viridogrsein analogues were observed by feeding other above mentioned 3-hydroxypicolinic acid analogues tothe deltasgvS mutant.                  Conclusion:                       sgvS is necessary for the biosynthesis of 3-hydroxypicolinic acid moiety. The biosynthetic protein, SgvD1, activates 3-hydroxypicolinic acid, showing strict substrate specificity en route to the viridogrsein biosynthesis.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of vulnibactin biosynthesis in Vibrio vulnificus indicates the existence of an alternative siderophore Abstract: Vibrio vulnificus is a halophilic estuarine bacterium that causes fatal septicemia and necrotizing wound infections in humans. Virulent V. vulnificus isolates produce a catechol siderophore called vulnibactin, made up of one residue of 2, 3-dihydroxybenzoic acid (2, 3-DHBA) and two residues of salicylic acid (SA). Vulnibactin biosynthetic genes (VV2_0828 to VV2_0844) are clustered at one locus of chromosome 2, expression of which is significantly up-regulated in vivo. In the present study, we decipher the biosynthetic network of vulnibactin, focusing specifically on genes around SA and 2, 3-DHBA biosynthetic steps. Deletion mutant of isochorismate pyruvate lyase (VV2_0839) or 2, 3-dihydroxybenzoate-2, 3-dehydrogenase (VV2_0834) showed retarded growth under iron-limited conditions though the latter showed more significant growth defect than the former, suggesting a dominant role of 2, 3-DHBA in the vulnibactin biosynthesis. A double deletion mutant of VV2_0839 and VV2_0834 manifested additional growth defect under iron limitation. Though the growth defect of respective single deletion mutants could be restored by exogenous SA or 2, 3-DHBA, only 2, 3-DHBA could rescue the double mutant when supplied alone. However, double mutant could be rescued with SA only when hydrogen peroxide was supplied exogenously, suggesting a chemical conversion of SA to 2, 3-DHBA. Assembly of two SA and one 2, 3-DHBA into vulnibactin was mediated by two AMP ligase genes (VV2_0836 and VV2_0840). VV2_0836 deletion mutant showed more significant growth defect under iron limitation, suggesting its dominant function. In conclusion, using molecular genetic analytical tools, we confirm that vulnibactin is assembled of both 2, 3-DHBA and SA. However, conversion of SA to 2, 3-DHBA in presence of hydrogen peroxide and growth profile of AMP ligase mutants suggest a plausible existence of yet unidentified alternative siderophore that may be composed solely of 2, 3-DHBA.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the anti-methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus WAP-8294A2 biosynthetic gene cluster from Lysobacter enzymogenes OH11 Abstract: Lysobactor enzymogenes strain OH11 is an emerging biological control agent of fungal and bacterial diseases. We recently completed its genome sequence and found it contains a large number of gene clusters putatively responsible for the biosynthesis of nonribosomal peptides and polyketides, including the previously identified antifungal dihydromaltophilin (HSAF). One of the gene clusters contains two huge open reading frames, together encoding 12 modules of nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS). Gene disruption of one of the NRPS led to the disappearance of a metabolite produced in the wild type and the elimination of its antibacterial activity. The metabolite and antibacterial activity were also affected by the disruption of some of the flanking genes. We subsequently isolated this metabolite and subjected it to spectroscopic analysis. The mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance data showed that its chemical structure is identical to WAP-8294A2, a cyclic lipodepsipeptide with potent anti-methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) activity and currently in phase I/II clinical trials. The WAP-8294A2 biosynthetic genes had not been described previously. So far, the Gram-positive Streptomyces have been the primary source of anti-infectives. Lysobacter are Gram-negative soil/water bacteria that are genetically amendable and have not been well exploited. The WAP-8294A2 synthetase represents one of the largest NRPS complexes, consisting of 45 functional domains. The identification of these genes sets the foundation for the study of the WAP-8294A2 biosynthetic mechanism and opens the door for producing new anti-MRSA antibiotics through biosynthetic engineering in this new source of Lysobacter.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of xenoamicins from entomopathogenic Xenorhabdus Abstract: During the search for novel natural products from entomopathogenic Xenorhabdus doucetiae DSM17909 and X. mauleonii DSM17908 novel peptides named xenoamicins were identified in addition to the already known antibiotics xenocoumacin and xenorhabdin. Xenoamicins are acylated tridecadepsipeptides consisting of mainly hydrophobic amino acids. The main derivative xenoamicin A (1) was isolated from X. mauleonii DSM17908, and its structure elucidated by detailed 1D and 2D NMR experiments. Detailed MS experiments, also in combination with labeling experiments, confirmed the determined structure and allowed structure elucidation of additional derivatives. Moreover, the xenoamicin biosynthesis gene cluster was identified and analyzed in X. doucetiae DSM17909, and its participation in xenoamicin biosynthesis was confirmed by mutagenesis. Advanced Marfey's analysis of 1 showed that the absolute configuration of the amino acids is in agreement with the predicted stereochemistry deduced from the nonribosomal peptide synthetase XabABCD. Biological testing revealed activity of 1 against Plasmodium falciparum and other neglected tropical diseases but no antibacterial activity.	1
Title: Xenortide Biosynthesis by Entomopathogenic Xenorhabdus nematophila Abstract: The biosynthesis gene cluster of the xenortides and a new derivative, xenortide D, which is produced in only trace amounts, was identified in Xenorhabdus nematophila. The structure of xenortide D was elucidated using a combination of labeling experiments followed by MS analysis and was confirmed by synthesis. Bioactivity tests revealed a weak activity of tryptamine-carrying xenortides against Plasmodium falciparum and Trypanosoma brucei.	1
Title: Linear and cyclic peptides from the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophilus Abstract: Three new peptides, xenortides A and B and xenematide, were isolated from a culture of the nematode-associated entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophilus. Their structures were elucidated using NMR, MS, and chemical derivatization methods. Xenortides A and B are the N-phenethylamide and tryptamide derivatives, respectively, of the dipeptide (NMe-L-Leu-NMe-L-Phe). The cyclodepsipeptide xenematide has the sequence (Thr-Trp-Trp-Gly), with a 2-phenylacetamide substituent at the threonine residue and one d-tryptophan. The new peptides and the two known compounds xenocoumacin II and nematophin were tested for antibacterial, antifungal, insecticidal, and anti-Artemia salina activities. Xenematide and xenocoumacin II showed moderate antibacterial activities. Xenocoumacin II, nematophin, and the two xenortides were active in the Artemia salina assay, and xenematide acted weakly insecticidal.	1
Title: NRPS substrate promiscuity diversifies the xenematides Abstract: Xenematide, a cyclic depsipeptide antibiotic produced by Xenorhabdus nematophila, had a candidate nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) with atypical features. Differential metabolite analysis between a mutant and wildtype validated that this stand-alone NRPS was required for xenematide production, and further analysis led to a series of new xenematide derivatives encoded by the same NRPS. Our results indicate that adenylation domain promiscuity and relaxed downstream processing in the X. nematophila NRPS provide a conduit for xenematide diversification.	1
Title: Characterization of yatakemycin gene cluster revealing a radical S-adenosylmethionine dependent methyltransferase and highlighting spirocyclopropane biosynthesis Abstract: Yatakemycin (YTM), an antitumor natural product, represents the most potent member of a class of potent anticancer natural products including CC-1065 and duocarmycins. Herein we describe the biosynthetic gene cluster of YTM, which was identified by genome scanning of Streptomyces sp. TP-A0356. This cluster consists of 31 open reading frames (ORFs) and was localized to a 36 kb DNA segment. Moreover, its involvement in YTM biosynthesis was confirmed by cluster deletion, gene replacement, and complementation. Inactivation of ytkT, which encodes a radical S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) protein, created a mutant strain that failed to produce YTM but accumulated a new metabolite, which was structurally elucidated as a precursor that was related to the formation of the cyclopropane ring. More importantly, biochemical characterization of the radical SAM-dependent enzyme YtkT revealed that it is a novel C-methyltransferase and contributes to an advanced intermediate during formation of the cyclopropane ring through a radical mechanism in the YTM biosynthetic pathway. On the basis of in silico analysis, genetic experiments, structure elucidation of the novel intermediate, and biochemical characterization, a biosynthetic pathway for yatakemycin was proposed, which sets the stage to further investigate the novel enzymatic mechanisms and engineer the biosynthetic machinery for the production of novel analogues.	1
Title: The yersiniabactin biosynthetic gene cluster of Yersinia enterocolitica: organization and siderophore-dependent regulation Abstract: The ability to synthesize and uptake the Yersinia siderophore yersiniabactin is a hallmark of the highly pathogenic, mouse-lethal species Yersinia pestis, Y. pseudotuberculosis, and Y. enterocolitica 1B. We have identified four genes, irp1, irp3, irp4, and irp5, on a 13-kb chromosomal DNA fragment of Y. enterocolitica 08, WA-314. These genes constitute the yersiniabactin biosynthetic gene cluster together with the previously defined irp2. The irp1 gene consists of 9,486 bp capable of encoding a 3,161-amino-acid high-molecular-weight protein 1 (HMWP1) polypeptide with a predicted mass of 384.6 kDa. The first 3,000 bp of irp1 show similarity to the corresponding regions of the polyketide synthase genes of Bacillus subtilis and Streptomyces antibioticus. The remaining part of irp1 is most similar to irp2, encoding HMWP2, which might be the reason for immunological cross-reactivity of the two polypeptides. Irp4 was found to have 41.7% similarity to thioesterase-like protein of the anguibactin biosynthetic genes of Vibrio anguillarum. Irp5 shows 41% similarity to EntE, the 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid-activating enzyme utilized in enterobactin synthesis of Escherichia coli. Irp4 and Irp5 are nearly identical to YbtT and YbtE, recently identified in Y. pestis. irp3 has no similarity to any known gene. Inactivation of either irp1 or irp2 abrogates yersiniabactin synthesis. Mutations in irp1 or fyuA (encoding yersiniabactin/pesticin receptor) result in downregulation of irp2 that can be upregulated by the addition of yersiniabactin. A FyuA-green fluorescent protein translational fusion was downregulated in an irp1 mutant. Upregulation was achieved by addition of yersiniabactin but not desferal, pesticin, or pyochelin, which indicates high specificity of the FyuA receptor and autoregulation of genes involved in synthesis and uptake of yersiniabactin.	1
Title: Synthetic biotechnology to study and engineer ribosomal bottromycin biosynthesis Abstract: Bottromycins represent a promising class of antibiotics binding to the therapeutically unexploited A-site of the bacterial ribosome. By inhibiting translation they are active against clinically important pathogens, such as vancomycin-resistant Enterococci. Structurally, bottromycins are heavily modified peptides exhibiting various unusual biosynthetic features. To set the stage for compound modification and yield optimization, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster, used synthetic biotechnology approaches to establish and improve heterologous production, and generated analogs by pathway genetic engineering. We unambiguously identified three radical SAM methyltransferase-encoding genes required for various methylations at unactivated carbons yielding tert-butyl valine, methyl-proline, and β-methyl-phenylalanine residues, plus a gene involved in aspartate methyl-ester formation. Evidence for the formation of the exo-thiazole unit and for a macrocyclodehydration mechanism leading to amidine ring formation is provided.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of the antibiotic bottromycin D Abstract: Drug resistant infectious diseases are quickly becoming a global health crisis. While Streptomyces spp. have been a major source of antibiotics over the past 50 years, efficient methods are needed to identify new antibiotics and greatly improve the rate of discovery. LCMS-based metabolomics were applied to analyze extracts of 50 Streptomyes spp. Using this methodology, we discovered bottromycin D and used whole genome sequencing to determine its biosynthesis by a ribosomal pathway.	1
Title: Genome mining expands the chemical diversity of the cyanobactin family to include highly modified linear peptides Abstract: Ribosomal peptides are produced through the posttranslational modification of short precursor peptides. Cyanobactins are a growing family of cyclic ribosomal peptides produced by cyanobacteria. However, a broad systematic survey of the genetic capacity to produce cyanobactins is lacking. Here we report the identification of 31 cyanobactin gene clusters from 126 genomes of cyanobacteria. Genome mining suggested a complex evolutionary history defined by horizontal gene transfer and rapid diversification of precursor genes. Extensive chemical analyses demonstrated that some cyanobacteria produce short linear cyanobactins with a chain length ranging from three to five amino acids. The linear peptides were N-prenylated and O-methylated on the N and C termini, respectively, and named aeruginosamide and viridisamide. These findings broaden the structural diversity of the cyanobactin family to include highly modified linear peptides with rare posttranslational modifications.	1
Title: Highly diverse cyanobactins in strains of the genus Anabaena Abstract: Cyanobactins are small, cyclic peptides recently found in cyanobacteria. They are formed through proteolytic cleavage and posttranslational modification of short precursor proteins and exhibit antitumor, cytotoxic, or multi-drug-reversing activities. Using genome project data, bioinformatics, stable isotope labeling, and mass spectrometry, we discovered novel cyclic peptides, anacyclamides, in 27 Anabaena strains. The lengths of the anacylamides varied greatly, from 7 to 20 amino acids. Pronounced sequence variation was also detected, and only one amino acid, proline, was present in all anacyclamides. The anacyclamides identified included unmodified proteinogenic or prenylated amino acids. We identified an 11-kb gene cluster in the genome of Anabaena sp. 90, and heterologous expression in Escherichia coli confirmed that this cluster was responsible for anacyclamide production. The discovery of anacyclamides greatly increases the structural diversity of cyanobactins.	1
Title: Microcyclamide biosynthesis in two strains of Microcystis aeruginosa: from structure to genes and vice versa Abstract: Comparative analysis of related biosynthetic gene clusters can provide new insights into the versatility of these pathways and allow the discovery of new natural products. The freshwater cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa NIES298 produces the cytotoxic peptide microcyclamide. Here, we provide evidence that the cyclic hexapeptide is formed by a ribosomal pathway through the activity of a set of processing enzymes closely resembling those recently shown to be involved in patellamide biosynthesis in cyanobacterial symbionts of ascidians. Besides two subtilisin-type proteases and a heterocyclization enzyme, the gene cluster discovered in strain NIES298 encodes six further open reading frames, two of them without similarity to enzymes encoded by the patellamide gene cluster. Analyses of genomic data of a second cyanobacterial strain, M. aeruginosa PCC 7806, guided the discovery and structural elucidation of two novel peptides of the microcyclamide family. The identification of the microcyclamide biosynthetic genes provided an avenue by which to study the regulation of peptide synthesis at the transcriptional level. The precursor genes were strongly and constitutively expressed throughout the growth phase, excluding the autoinduction of these peptides, as has been observed for several peptide pheromone families in bacteria.	1
Title: Patellamide A and C biosynthesis by a microcin-like pathway in Prochloron didemni, the cyanobacterial symbiont of Lissoclinum patella Abstract: Prochloron spp. are obligate cyanobacterial symbionts of many didemnid family ascidians. It has been proposed that the cyclic peptides of the patellamide class found in didemnid extracts are synthesized by Prochloron spp., but studies in which host and symbiont cells are separated and chemically analyzed to identify the biosynthetic source have yielded inconclusive results. As part of the Prochloron didemni sequencing project, we identified patellamide biosynthetic genes and confirmed their function by heterologous expression of the whole pathway in Escherichia coli. The primary sequence of patellamides A and C is encoded on a single ORF that resembles a precursor peptide. We propose that this prepatellamide is heterocyclized to form thiazole and oxazoline rings, and the peptide is cleaved to yield the two cyclic patellamides, A and C. This work represents the full sequencing and functional expression of a marine natural-product pathway from an obligate symbiont. In addition, a related cluster was identified in Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101, an important bloom-forming cyanobacterium.	1
Title: Natural combinatorial peptide libraries in cyanobacterial symbionts of marine ascidians Abstract: A large family of cytotoxic cyclic peptides exemplified by the patellamides has been isolated from ascidians harboring the obligate cyanobacterial symbionts Prochloron spp.. Genome sequence analysis of these symbionts has revealed that Prochloron spp. synthesize patellamides by a ribosomal pathway. To understand how this pathway evolved to produce a suite of related metabolites, we analyzed 46 prochloron-containing ascidians from the tropical Pacific Ocean for the presence of patellamide biosynthetic genes and taxonomic markers. Here, we show that Prochloron spp. generate a diverse library of patellamides using small, hypervariable cassettes within a conserved genetic background. Each symbiont strain contains a single pathway, and mixtures of symbionts within ascidians lead to the accumulation of chemical libraries. We used this information to engineer the production of a new cyclic peptide in Escherichia coli, thereby demonstrating the power of comparative analysis of closely related symbiotic pathways to direct the genetic synthesis of new molecules.	1
Title: Linking chemistry and genetics in the growing cyanobactin natural products family Abstract: Ribosomal peptide natural products are ubiquitous, yet relatively few tools exist to predict structures and clone new pathways. Cyanobactin ribosomal peptides are found in ~30% of all cyanobacteria, but the connection between gene sequence and structure was not defined, limiting the rapid identification of new compounds and pathways. Here, we report discovery of four orphan cyanobactin gene clusters by genome mining and an additional pathway by targeted cloning, which represented a tyrosine O-prenylating biosynthetic pathway. Genome mining enabled discovery of five cyanobactins, including peptide natural products from Spirulina supplements. A phylogenetic model defined four cyanobactin genotypes, which explain the synthesis of multiple cyanobactin structural classes and help direct pathway cloning and structure prediction efforts. These strategies were applied to DNA isolated from a mixed cyanobacterial bloom containing cyanobactins.	1
Title: Structure of trichamide, a cyclic peptide from the bloom-forming cyanobacterium Trichodesmium erythraeum, predicted from the genome sequence Abstract: A gene cluster for the biosynthesis of a new small cyclic peptide, dubbed trichamide, was discovered in the genome of the global, bloom-forming marine cyanobacterium Trichodesmium erythraeum ISM101 because of striking similarities to the previously characterized patellamide biosynthesis cluster. The tri cluster consists of a precursor peptide gene containing the amino acid sequence for mature trichamide, a putative heterocyclization gene, an oxidase, two proteases, and hypothetical genes. Based upon detailed sequence analysis, a structure was predicted for trichamide and confirmed by Fourier transform mass spectrometry. Trichamide consists of 11 amino acids, including two cysteine-derived thiazole groups, and is cyclized by an N C terminal amide bond. As the first natural product reported from T. erythraeum, trichamide shows the power of genome mining in the prediction and discovery of new natural products.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of acidocin B, a novel bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus acidophilus Abstract: The genes encoding the production of acidocin B, a bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus acidophilus strain M46 which is active against Listeria monocytogenes, Clostridium sporogenes, Brochothrix thermosphacta, Lactobacillus fermentum and Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp. bulgaricus, but inactive against most other Lactobacillus species, were previously localized on a 4 kb XbaI-HindIII fragment of plasmid pCV461. In the present work, DNA sequence analysis revealed the presence of three consecutive ORFs, which potentially code for hydrophobic peptides composed of 60, 91 and 114 amino acids, respectively, and a fourth ORF of opposite polarity which could potentially encode a peptide of 59 amino acids. The middle ORF (ORF-2; acdB) was identified as the gene encoding acidocin B by comparing the amino acid composition of highly purified acidocin B with the deduced amino acid sequence of ORF-2. Our results suggest that acidocin B is synthesized as a precursor which is processed at a site which conforms to the ' -3, -1' rules of von Heijne to yield active acidocin B (59 amino acids). The presence of an immunity-protein-encoding gene on the 4 kb XbaI-BamHI fragment was deduced from the capacity of a plasmid vector harbouring this fragment to confer immunity upon transformation of L. fermentum NCK127. One of the three non-assigned ORFs may encode this immunity protein.	1
Title: Butyrivibriocin AR10, a new cyclic bacteriocin produced by the ruminal anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens AR10: characterization of the gene and peptide Abstract: The gene (bviA) encoding the ruminal bacteriocin butyrivibriocin AR10 was cloned from an EcoRI library by using an oligonucleotide probe based on a partial peptide sequence of the previously isolated peptide. The gene encoded an 80 amino acid prebacteriocin that demonstrated significant identity with the cyclic bacteriocin gassericin A. Negative ion time of flight mass spectroscopic analysis (ESI/MS) indicated a mass of 5981.5 Da for the isolated bacteriocin, a molecular mass that could not be generated by removal of a leader peptide alone. However, an N- to C-terminal cyclization of the predicted mature bacteriocin resulted in a peptide that conformed to the determined mass and charge characteristics. Northern blotting confirmed that expression of bviA mirrored the production of the bacteriocin in both liquid and solid media.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of carnocyclin a, a novel circular bacteriocin produced by Carnobacterium maltaromaticum UAL307 Abstract: Carnobacterium maltaromaticum UAL307, isolated from fresh pork, exhibits potent activity against a number of gram-positive organisms, including numerous Listeria species. Three bacteriocins were isolated from culture supernatant, and using matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry and Edman sequencing, two of these bacteriocins were identified as piscicolin 126 and carnobacteriocin BM1, both of which have previously been described. The remaining bacteriocin, with a molecular mass of 5,862 Da, could not be sequenced by traditional methods, suggesting that the peptide was either cyclic or N-terminally blocked. This bacteriocin showed remarkable stability over a wide temperature and pH range and was unaffected by a variety of proteases. After digestion with trypsin and alpha-chymotrypsin, the peptide was de novo sequenced by tandem mass spectrometry and a linear sequence deduced, consisting of 60 amino acids. Based on this sequence, the molecular mass was predicted to be 5,880 Da, 18 units higher than the observed molecular mass, which suggested that the peptide has a cyclic structure. Identification of the genetic sequence revealed that this peptide is circular, formed by a covalent linkage between the N and C termini following cleavage of a 4-residue peptide leader sequence. The results of structural studies suggest that the peptide is highly structured in aqueous conditions. This bacteriocin, named carnocyclin A, is the first reported example of a circular bacteriocin produced by Carnobacterium spp.	1
Title: Functional analysis of the gene cluster involved in production of the bacteriocin circularin A by Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 25752 Abstract: A region of 12 kb flanking the structural gene of the cyclic antibacterial peptide circularin A of Clostridium beijerinckii ATCC 25752 was sequenced, and the putative proteins involved in the production and secretion of circularin A were identified. The genes are tightly organized in overlapping open reading frames. Heterologous expression of circularin A in Enterococcus faecalis was achieved, and five genes were identified as minimally required for bacteriocin production and secretion. Two of the putative proteins, CirB and CirC, are predicted to contain membrane-spanning domains, while CirD contains a highly conserved ATP-binding domain. Together with CirB and CirC, this ATP-binding protein is involved in the production of circularin A. The fifth gene, cirE, confers immunity towards circularin A when expressed in either Lactococcus lactis or E. faecalis and is needed in order to allow the bacteria to produce bacteriocin. Additional resistance against circularin A is conferred by the activity of the putative transporter consisting of CirB and CirD.	1
Title: Analysis of the gene cluster involved in production and immunity of the peptide antibiotic AS-48 in Enterococcus faecalis Abstract: A region of 7.8 kb of the plasmid pMB2 from Enterococcus faecalis S-48 carrying the information necessary for production and immunity of the peptide antibiotic AS-48 has been cloned and sequenced. It contains the as-48A structural gene plus five open reading frames (as-48B, as-48C, as-48C1, as-48D and as-48D1). Besides As-48D, all the predicted gene products are basic hydrophobic proteins with potential membrane-spanning domains (MSDs). None of them shows any homology with protein sequences stored in databanks, except for As-48D, which shows similarity to the C-terminal domain of ABC transporters and contains a highly conserved ATP-binding site. The gene products of as-48B, as-48C, as-48C1 and as-48D are thought to be involved in AS-48 production and secretion. The only gene able to provide resistance to AS-48 by itself is as-48D1. Immunity also seems to be enhanced at least by the products of as-48B, as-48C1 and as-48D genes. Transcription analysis using probes derived from the different ORFs revealed two large (3.5 and 2.7kb) mRNAs, suggesting that the different genes are organized in two constitutive operons.	1
Title: Characterization of garvicin ML, a novel circular bacteriocin produced by Lactococcus garvieae DCC43, isolated from mallard ducks (Anas platyrhynchos) Abstract: Lactococcus garvieae DCC43 produces a bacteriocin, garvicin ML (GarML), with a molecular mass of 6,004.2 Da. Data from de novo amino acid sequencing by tandem mass spectrometry and nucleotide sequencing by reverse genetics suggested that the bacteriocin is synthesized as a 63-amino-acid precursor with a 3-amino-acid leader peptide that is removed by cleavage. Subsequently, a covalent linkage between the N and C termini forms the mature version of this novel 60-amino-acid circular bacteriocin.	1
Title: Sequence analysis by cloning of the structural gene of gassericin A, a hydrophobic bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus gasseri LA39 Abstract: Gassericin A, a bacteriocin from Lactobacillus gasseri LA39, was purified to homogeneity from the culturesupernatant mainly by reverse-phase chromatography. The molecular weight of gassericin A was found to be 5,652 by mass analysis, unlike the estimated 3,800 found by SDS-PAGE. However, when the purified preparation was treated with lysylendopeptidase, it migrated as a single band to 5,600 with bacteriocin activity on SDS-PAGE. N- and C-terminal amino acids could not be identified. The internal amino acid could be identified after gassericin A was hydrolyzed with lysylendopeptidase. The DNA of the structural gene of gassericin A was sequenced by cloning of the gene from chromosomal DNA with an oligonucleotide probe. The structural gene of gassericin A was found on the chromosomal DNA as an open reading frame encoding a protein composed of 91 amino acids. The amino acid sequence of mature gassericin A was predicted to be 58 residues from the DNA sequence and results of mass analysis. These results suggested that gassericin A has a closed circular structure with N- and C-terminals linked. Gassericin A is a hydrophobic class II bacteriocin; it was 98% identical with acidocin B produced by Lactobacillus acidophilus M46.	1
Title: DNA sequencing and homologous expression of a small peptide conferring immunity to gassericin A, a circular bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus gasseri LA39 Abstract: Gassericin A, produced by Lactobacillus gasseri LA39, is a hydrophobic circular bacteriocin. The DNA region surrounding the gassericin A structural gene, gaaA, was sequenced, and seven open reading frames (ORFs) of 3.5 kbp (gaaBCADITE) were found with possible functions in gassericin A production, secretion, and immunity. The deduced products of the five consecutive ORFs gaaADITE have homology to those of genes involved in butyrivibriocin AR10 production, although the genetic arrangements are different in the two circular bacteriocin genes. GaaI is a small, positively charged hydrophobic peptide of 53 amino acids containing a putative transmembrane segment. Heterologous expression and homologous expression of GaaI in Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris MG1363 and L. gasseri JCM1131(T), respectively, were studied. GaaI-expressing strains exhibited at least sevenfold-higher resistance to gassericin A than corresponding control strains, indicating that gaaI encodes an immunity peptide for gassericin A. Comparison of GaaI to peptides with similar characteristics found in the circular bacteriocin gene loci is discussed.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of lactocyclicin Q, a novel cyclic bacteriocin produced by Lactococcus sp. strain QU 12 Abstract: Lactococcus sp. strain QU 12, which was isolated from cheese, produced a novel cyclic bacteriocin termed lactocyclicin Q. By using cation-exchange chromatography, hydrophobic interaction chromatography, and reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography, lactocyclicin Q was purified from culture supernatant, and its molecular mass was determined to be 6,062.8 Da by mass spectrometry. Lactocyclicin Q has been characterized by its unique antimicrobial spectrum, high level of protease resistance, and heat stability compared to other reported bacteriocins of lactic acid bacteria. The amino acid sequence of lactocyclicin Q was determined chemically, and this compound is composed of 61 amino acid residues that have a cyclic structure with linkage between the N and C termini by a peptide bond. It showed no homology to any other antimicrobial peptide, including cyclic bacteriocins. On the basis of the amino acid sequences obtained, the sequence of the gene encoding the prepeptide lactocyclicin Q was obtained. This is the first report of a cyclic bacteriocin purified from a strain belonging to the genus Lactococcus.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of leucocyclicin Q, a novel cyclic bacteriocin produced by Leuconostoc mesenteroides TK41401 Abstract: The culture supernatant of Leuconostoc mesenteroides TK41401, isolated from Japanese pickles, possessed antimicrobial activity against broad range of a bacterial genera and particularly strong activity against Bacillus coagulans, the major contaminant of pickles. An antimicrobial peptide was purified in three chromatographic steps, and its molecular mass was determined to be 6,115.59 Da by electrospray ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (ESI-TOF MS). The primary structure of this peptide was determined by amino acid and DNA sequencing, and these analyses revealed that it was translated as a 63-residue precursor. This precursor showed high similarity to the precursor of lactocyclicin Q, a cyclic bacteriocin produced by Lactococcus sp. strain QU 12. The molecular weight calculated after cyclization, which was presumed to involve the same process as in lactocyclicin Q (between L3 and W63), agreed with that estimated by ESI-TOF MS. This peptide was proved to be a novel cyclic bacteriocin, and it was termed leucocyclicin Q. The antimicrobial spectrum of this bacteriocin clearly differed from that of lactocyclicin Q, even though their primary structures were quite similar. This is the first report of a cyclic bacteriocin produced by a strain of the genus Leuconostoc.	1
Title: Uberolysin: a novel cyclic bacteriocin produced by Streptococcus uberis Abstract: Streptococcus uberis is commonly found in the environment and in association with various bovine body sites and is a major cause of bovine mastitis. Moreover, S. uberis is known to produce a variety of bacteriocin-like inhibitory substances, antimicrobial agents that generally inhibit closely related bacterial species. In this respect, S. uberis strain 42 has previously been shown to produce a novel nisin variant named nisin U. This paper reports that, in addition to nisin U, S. uberis strain 42 produces a second bacteriocin that induces the lysis of metabolically active, susceptible target bacteria and which has therefore been named uberolysin. Isolation of the native active antimicrobial agent revealed that uberolysin is a 7048 Da peptide that is refractory to sequence analysis by Edman degradation. Transposon mutagenesis was used to generate a uberolysin-negative mutant of S. uberis 42 and sequencing of DNA flanking the insertion site revealed, in addition to the structural gene (ublA), several open reading frames likely to be involved in post-translational modification, transport and producer self-protection (immunity), and possibly in regulation of the biosynthetic gene cluster. In addition, a pair of direct repeats that may be involved in bacteriocin acquisition were identified; indeed, ublA could be identified in 18 % of tested S. uberis strains. Enzymic hydrolysis of uberolysin was used to confirm that ublA does indeed encode the precursor of uberolysin, that an unusually short leader sequence of only six amino acids is cleaved during processing of the mature peptide and that uberolysin is post-translationally covalently modified to form a head-to-tail monocycle. Thus, uberolysin is a unique cyclic bacteriocin, belonging to the same family of bacteriocins as enterocin AS-48 and circularin A.	1
Title: Organization of the genes encoding the biosynthesis of actagardine and engineering of a variant generation system Abstract: The biosynthetic pathway of the type B lantibiotic actagardine (formerly gardimycin), produced by Actinoplanes garbadinensis ATCC31049, has been cloned, sequenced and annotated. The gene cluster contains the gene garA that encodes the actagardine prepropeptide, a modification gene garM, involved in the dehydration and cyclization of the prepeptide, several putative transporter and regulatory genes as well as a novel luciferase-like monooxygenase gene designated garO. Expression of these genes in Streptomyces lividans resulted in the production of ala(0)-actagardine while deletion of the garA gene from A. garbadinensis generated a strain incapable of producing actagardine. Actagardine production was successfully restored however, by the delivery of the plasmid pAGvarX. This plasmid contains an engineered cassette of the actagardine encoding gene garA and offers an alternative route to generating extensive libraries of actagardine variants. Using this plasmid, an alanine scanning library has been constructed and the mutants analysed. Further modifications include the removal of the novel garO gene from A. garbadinensis. Deletion of this gene resulted in the production of deoxy variants of actagardine, demonstrating that the formation of the sulfoxide group is enzyme catalysed and not a spontaneous chemical modification as previously believed.	1
Title: AmfS, an extracellular peptidic morphogen in Streptomyces griseus Abstract: The amf gene cluster was previously identified as a regulator for the onset of aerial-mycelium formation in Streptomyces griseus. The nucleotide sequences of amf and its counterparts in other species revealed a conserved gene organization consisting of five open reading frames. A nonsense mutation in amfS, encoding a 43-amino-acid peptide, caused significant blocking of aerial-mycelium formation and streptomycin production, suggesting its role as a regulatory molecule. Extracellular-complementation tests for the aerial-mycelium-deficient phenotype of the amfS mutant demonstrated that AmfS was secreted by the wild-type strain. A null mutation in amfBA, encoding HlyB-like membrane translocators, abolished the extracellular AmfS activity without affecting the wild-type morphology, which suggests that AmfBA is involved not in production but in export of AmfS. A synthetic C-terminal octapeptide partially induced aerial-mycelium formation in the amfS mutant, which suggests that an AmfS derivative, but not AmfS itself, serves as an extracellular morphogen.	1
Title: Streptococcus rattus strain BHT produces both a class I two-component lantibiotic and a class II bacteriocin Abstract: Streptococcus rattus strain BHT is a species representative and strong bacteriocin producer. Here we report that S. rattus BHT produces two quite different types of bacteriocin activity, named BHT-A and BHT-B. The two bacteriocins were purified and analysed for activity and by MALDI-TOF mass spectrophotometry. BHT-A was found to be a variant of the two-component lantibiotic, Smb. BHT-B is a non-modified 5195Da peptide with some similarity to the tryptophan-rich Staphylococcus aureus bacteriocin, aureocin A53. Six S. rattus and two S. mutans strains were found to contain both the BHT-A and BHT-B genetic loci.	1
Title: Characteristics of the bovicin HJ50 gene cluster in Streptococcus bovis HJ50 Abstract: Bovicin HJ50 is a new lantibiotic containing a disulfide bridge produced by Streptococcus bovis HJ50; its encoding gene bovA was reported in our previous publication. To identify other genes involved in bovicin HJ50 production, DNA fragments flanking bovA were cloned and sequenced. The bovicin HJ50 biosynthesis gene locus was encoded by a 9.9 kb region of chromosomal DNA and consisted of at least nine genes in the following order: bovA, -M, -T, -E, -F, ORF1, ORF2, bovK and bovR. A thiol-disulfide oxidoreductase gene named sdb1 was located downstream of bovR. A knockout mutant of this gene retained antimicrobial activity and the molecular mass of bovicin HJ50 in the mutant was the same as that of bovicin HJ50 in S. bovis HJ50, implying that sdb1 is not involved in bovicin HJ50 production. Transcriptional analyses showed that bovA, bovM and bovT constituted an operon, and the transcription start site of the bovA promoter was located at a G residue 45 bp upstream of the translation start codon for bovA, while bovE through bovR were transcribed together and the transcription start site of the bovE promoter was located at a C residue 35 bp upstream of bovE. We also demonstrated successful heterologous expression of bovicin HJ50 in Lactococcus lactis MG1363, which lacks thiol-disulfide oxidoreductase genes; this showed that thiol-disulfide oxidoreductase genes other than sdb1 are not essential for bovicin HJ50 biosynthesis.	1
Title: Evidence for production of a new lantibiotic (butyrivibriocin OR79A) by the ruminal anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens OR79: characterization of the structural gene encoding butyrivibriocin OR79A Abstract: The ruminal anaerobe Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens OR79 produces a bacteriocin-like activity demonstrating a very broad spectrum of activity. An inhibitor was isolated from spent culture fluid by a combination of ammonium sulfate and acidic precipitations, reverse-phase chromatography, and high-resolution gel filtration. N-terminal analysis of the isolated inhibitor yielded a 15-amino-acid sequence (G-N/Q-G/P-V-I-L-X-I-X-H-E-X-S-M-N). Two different amino acid residues were detected in the second and third positions from the N terminus, indicating the presence of two distinct peptides. A gene with significant homology to one combination of the determined N-terminal sequence was cloned, and expression of the gene was confirmed by Northern blotting. The gene (bvi79A) encoded a prepeptide of 47 amino acids and a mature peptide, butyrivibriocin OR79A, of 25 amino acids. Significant sequence homology was found between this peptide and previously reported lantibiotics containing the double-glycine leader peptidase processing site. Immediately downstream of bvi79A was a second, partial open reading frame encoding a peptide with significant homology to proteins which are believed to be involved in the synthesis of lanthionine residues. These findings indicate that the isolated inhibitory peptides represent new lantibiotics. Results from both total and N-terminal amino acid sequencing indicated that the second peptide was identical to butyrivibriocin OR79A except for amino acid substitutions in positions 2 and 3 of the mature lantibiotic. Only a single coding region was detected when restriction enzyme digests of total DNA were probed either with an oligonucleotide based on the 5' region of bvi79A or with degenerate oligonucleotides based on the predicted sequence of the second peptide.	1
Title: Purification and characterization of antimicrobial peptides from fish isolate Carnobacterium maltaromaticum C2: Carnobacteriocin X and carnolysins A1 and A2 Abstract: Carnobacterium maltaromaticum C2, isolated from Brazilian smoked fish (Surubim, Pseudoplatystoma sp.), was found to exert antimicrobial activity against Listeria monocytogenes, an important foodborne pathogen. In this study, the bacteriocins produced by C. maltaromaticum C2 were purified via an extraction with XAD-16 resin, a C18 solid phase extraction, followed by reversed-phase fast protein liquid chromatography. The purified active fractions were characterized using tandem mass spectrometry, permitting the identification of multiple bacteriocins. Carnobacteriocins BM1, B1, and a variant of carnobacteriocin B2 were all found, providing much of the antilisterial activity. Additionally, we herein report the first isolation of the previously predicted antimicrobial peptide carnobacteriocin X. Moreover, C. maltaromaticum C2 produces a novel two-component lantibiotic, termed carnolysin, homologous to enterococcal cytolysin. This lantibiotic is antimicrobially inactive when tested against the non-bacteriocinogenic strain C. maltaromaticum A9b-, likely requiring an additional proteolytic cleavage to reach maturity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the class III lantipeptide catenulipeptin Abstract: Lantipeptides are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides containing lanthionine and/or labionin structures. In this study, a novel class III lantipeptide termed catenulipeptin was discovered from Catenulispora acidiphila DSM 44928, and its biosynthesis was reconstituted in vitro. The multifunctional enzyme AciKC catalyzes both dehydration and cyclization of its peptide substrate AciA and installs two labionin structures in catenulipeptin. AciKC shows promiscuity with respect to cosubstrate and accepts all four NTPs. The C-terminal domain of AciKC is responsible for the labionin formation in catenulipeptin. The cyclase activity of AciKC requires the leader peptide of AciA substrate but does not require ATP or Zn(2+). Mutagenesis studies suggest that the labionin cyclization may proceed in a C-to-N-terminal direction. Catenulipeptin partially restores aerial hyphae growth when applied to surfactin-treated Streptomyces coelicolor.	1
Title: Cerecidins, novel lantibiotics from Bacillus cereus with potent antimicrobial activity Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified antimicrobial peptides that are widely produced by Gram-positive bacteria, including many species of the Bacillus group. In the present study, one novel gene cluster coding lantibiotic cerecidins was unveiled in Bacillus cereus strain As 1.1846 through genomic mining and PCR screening. The designated cer locus is different from that of conventional class II lantibiotics in that it included seven tandem precursor cerA genes, one modification gene (cerM), two processing genes (cerT and cerP), one orphan regulator gene (cerR), and two immunity genes (cerF and cerE). In addition, one unprecedented quorum sensing component, comQXPA, was inserted between cerM and cerR. The expression of cerecidins was not detected in this strain of B. cereus, which might be due to repressed transcription of cerM. We constitutively coexpressed cerA genes and cerM in Escherichia coli, and purified precerecidins were proteolytically processed with the endoproteinase GluC and a truncated version of putative serine protease CerP. Thus, two natural variants of cerecidins A1 and A7 were obtained which contained two terminal nonoverlapping thioether rings rarely found in lantibiotics. Both cerecidins A1 and A7 were active against a broad spectrum of Gram-positive bacteria. Cerecidin A7, especially its mutant Dhb13A, showed remarkable efficacy against multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MDRSA), vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis (VRE), and even Streptomyces.	1
Title: Cloning and engineering of the cinnamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces cinnamoneus cinnamoneus DSM 40005 Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized oligopeptide antibiotics that contain lanthionine bridges derived by the posttranslational modification of amino acid residues. Here, we describe the cinnamycin biosynthetic gene cluster (cin) from Streptomyces cinnamoneus cinnamoneus DSM 40005, the first, to our knowledge, lantibiotic gene cluster from a high G+C bacterium to be cloned and sequenced. The cin cluster contains many genes not found in lantibiotic clusters from low G+C Gram-positive bacteria, including a Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory protein regulatory gene, and lacks others found in such clusters, such as a LanT-type transporter and a LanP-type protease. Transfer of the cin cluster to Streptomyces lividans resulted in heterologous production of cinnamycin. Furthermore, modification of the cinnamycin structural gene (cinA) led to production of two naturally occurring lantibiotics, duramycin and duramycin B, closely resembling cinnamycin, whereas attempts to make a more widely diverged derivative, duramycin C, failed to generate biologically active material. These results provide a basis for future attempts to construct extensive libraries of cinnamycin variants.	1
Title: Nine post-translational modifications during the biosynthesis of cinnamycin Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified antimicrobial peptides that are characterized by the thioether cross-linked amino acids lanthionine (Lan) and methyllanthionine (MeLan). Cinnamycin is a 19 amino acid lantibiotic that contains one Lan and two MeLan. Cinnamycin also contains an unusual lysinoalanine (Lal) bridge formed from the ε-amino group of lysine 19 and a serine residue at position 6, and an erythro-3-hydroxy-L-aspartic acid resulting from the hydroxylation of L-aspartate at position 15. These modifications are critical in mediating the interactions of cinnamycin with its target, phosphatidylethanolamine. Recently, the cinnamycin biosynthetic gene cluster (cin) from Streptomyces cinnamoneus cinnamoneus DSM 40005 was reported. Herein, we investigated the biosynthetic machinery using both in vitro studies and heterologous expression in Escherichia coli. CinX is an α-ketoglutarate/iron(II)-dependent hydroxylase that carries out the hydroxylation of aspartate 15 of the precursor peptide CinA. In addition, CinM catalyzes dehydration of four Ser and Thr residues and subsequent cyclization of Cys residues to form the three (Me)Lan bridges. The order of the post-translational modifications catalyzed by CinM and CinX is interchangeable in vitro. CinX did not require the leader sequence at the N-terminus of CinA for activity, but the leader peptide was necessary for CinM function. Although CinM dehydrated serine 6, it did not catalyze the formation of Lal. A small protein encoded by cinorf7 is critical for the formation of the cross-link between Lys19 and dehydroalanine 6 as shown by coexpression studies of CinA, CinM, CinX, and Cinorf7 in E. coli.	1
Title: Genetic structure of the Enterococcus faecalis plasmid pAD1-encoded cytolytic toxin system and its relationship to lantibiotic determinants Abstract: Pheromone-responsive conjugative plasmids are unique to the species Enterococcus faecalis. Many pheromone-responsive plasmids, including those frequently isolated from sites of infection, express a novel cytolysin that possesses both hemolytic and bacteriocin activities. Further, this cytolysin has been shown to be a toxin in several disease models. In the present study, nucleotide sequence determination, mutagenesis, and complementation analysis were used to determine the organization of the E. faecalis plasmid pAD1 cytolysin determinant. Four open reading frames are required for expression of the cytolysin precursor (cylLL, cylLS, cylM, and cylB). The inferred products of two of these open reading frames, CyILL and CyILS, constitute the cytolysin precursor and bear structural resemblance to posttranslationally modified bacteriocins termed lantibiotics. Similarities between the organization of the E. faecalis cytolysin determinant and expression units for lantibiotics exist, indicating that the E. faecalis cytolysin represents a new branch of this class and is the first known to possess toxin activity.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of enterocin W, a novel two-peptide lantibiotic produced by Enterococcus faecalis NKR-4-1 Abstract: Enterococcus faecalis NKR-4-1 isolated from pla-ra produces a novel two-peptide lantibiotic, termed enterocin W, comprising Wα and Wβ. The structure of enterocin W exhibited similarity with that of plantaricin W. The two peptides acted synergistically, and their order of binding to the cell membrane was important for their inhibitory activity.	1
Title: Entianin, a novel subtilin-like lantibiotic from Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii DSM 15029T with high antimicrobial activity Abstract: Lantibiotics, such as nisin and subtilin, are lanthionine-containing peptides that exhibit antimicrobial as well as pheromone-like autoinducing activity. Autoinduction is specific for each lantibiotic, and reporter systems for nisin and subtilin autoinduction are available. In this report, we used the previously reported subtilin autoinduction bioassay in combination with mass spectrometric analyses to identify the novel subtilin-like lantibiotic entianin from Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii DSM 15029(T). Linearization of entianin using Raney nickel-catalyzed reductive cleavage enabled, for the first time, the use of tandem mass spectrometry for the fast and efficient determination of an entire lantibiotic primary structure, including posttranslational modifications. The amino acid sequence determined was verified by DNA sequencing of the etnS structural gene, which confirmed that entianin differs from subtilin at 3 amino acid positions. In contrast to B. subtilis ATCC 6633, which produces only small amounts of unsuccinylated subtilin, B. subtilis DSM 15029(T) secretes considerable amounts of unsuccinylated entianin. Entianin was very active against several Gram-positive pathogens, such as Staphylococcus aureus and Enterococcus faecalis. The growth-inhibiting activity of succinylated entianin (S-entianin) was much lower than that of unsuccinylated entianin: a 40-fold higher concentration was required for inhibition. For succinylated subtilin (S-subtilin), a concentration 100-fold higher than that of unsuccinylated entianin was required to inhibit the growth of a B. subtilis test strain. This finding was in accordance with a strongly reduced sensing of cellular envelope stress provided by S-entianin relative to that of entianin. Remarkably, S-entianin and S-subtilin showed considerable autoinduction activity, clearly demonstrating that autoinduction and antibiotic activity underlie different molecular mechanisms.	1
Title: Synthesis and succinylation of subtilin-like lantibiotics are strongly influenced by glucose and transition state regulator AbrB Abstract: Subtilin and the closely related entianin are class I lantibiotics produced by different subspecies of Bacillus subtilis. Both molecules are ribosomally synthesized peptide antibiotics with unusual ring structures. Subtilin-like lantibiotics develop strong antibiotic activities against various Gram-positive organisms with an efficiency similar to that of nisin from Lactococcus lactis. In contrast to nisin, subtilin-like lantibiotics partially undergo an additional posttranslational modification, where the N-terminal tryptophan residue becomes succinylated, resulting in drastically reduced antibiotic activities. A highly sensitive high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)-based quantification method enabled us to determine entianin and succinylated entianin (S-entianin) concentrations in the supernatant during growth. We show that entianin synthesis and the degree of succinylation drastically change with culture conditions. In particular, increasing glucose concentrations resulted in higher entianin amounts and lower proportions of S-entianin in Landy-based media. In contrast, no succinylation was observed in medium A with 10% glucose. Interestingly, glucose retarded the expression of entianin biosynthesis genes. Furthermore, deletion of the transition state regulator AbrB resulted in a 6-fold increased entianin production in medium A with 10% glucose. This shows that entianin biosynthesis in B. subtilis is strongly influenced by glucose, in addition to its regulation by the transition state regulator AbrB. Our results suggest that the mechanism underlying the succinylation of subtilin-like lantibiotics is enzymatically catalyzed and occurs in the extracellular space or at the cellular membrane.	1
Title: Isolation, characterization, and heterologous expression of the novel lantibiotic epicidin 280 and analysis of its biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Epicidin 280 is a novel type A lantibiotic produced by Staphylococcus epidermidis BN 280. During C18 reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography two epicidin 280 peaks were obtained; the two compounds had molecular masses of 3,133 +/- 1.5 and 3,136 +/- 1.5 Da, comparable antibiotic activities, and identical amino acid compositions. Amino acid sequence analysis revealed that epicidin 280 exhibits 75% similarity to Pep5. The strains that produce epicidin 280 and Pep5 exhibit cross-immunity, indicating that the immunity peptides cross-function in antagonization of both lantibiotics. The complete epicidin 280 gene cluster was cloned and was found to comprise at least five open reading frames (eciI, eciA, eciP, eciB, and eciC, in that order). The proteins encoded by these open reading frames exhibit significant sequence similarity to the biosynthetic proteins of the Pep5 operon of Staphylococcus epidermidis 5. A gene for an ABC transporter, which is present in the Pep5 gene cluster but is necessary only for high yields (G. Bierbaum, M. Reis, C. Szekat, and H.-G. Sahl, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 60:4332-4338, 1994), was not detected. Instead, upstream of the immunity gene eciI we found an open reading frame, eciO, which could code for a novel lantibiotic modification enzyme involved in reduction of an N-terminally located oxopropionyl residue. Epicidin 280 produced by the heterologous host Staphylococcus carnosus TM 300 after introduction of eciIAPBC (i.e., no eciO was present) behaved homogeneously during reverse-phase chromatography.	1
Title: Analysis of genes involved in the biosynthesis of lantibiotic epidermin Abstract: The structural gene of the lanthionine-containing peptide antibiotic epidermin is located on a 54-kb plasmid of Staphylococcus epidermidis [Schnell et al. (1988) Nature 333, 276-278]. A 13.5-kb DNA region neighbouring the epidermin structural gene (epiA) was subcloned and its sequencing revealed five additional open reading frames. Three of these reading frames, epiB, epiC and epiD shared no homology with previously described proteins stored in data bases. They were located 3' adjacent to epiA. Using epiB as a probe, a 5-kb mRNA was identified indicating that three or all four reading frames are transcribed as an operon. Additionally, a 0.3-kb mRNA specific for epiA was identified. Two open reading frames (epiP and epiQ) were located 3' to epiA, epiB, epiC and epiD, but in the reverse orientation. The epiQ gene product shows similarity to the positive regulatory factor PhoB. This might indicate a regulatory function of epiQ in epidermin biosynthesis. The epiP gene product shows striking similarity to several serine proteases which makes epiP a likely candidate for processing the epidermin prepeptide. Heterologous epidermin synthesis in the non-producing organism Staphylococcus carnosus finally proved that these reading frames are necessary for epidermin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Substrate specificity of the lanthipeptide peptidase ElxP and the oxidoreductase ElxO Abstract: The final step in lanthipeptide biosynthesis involves the proteolytic removal of an N-terminal leader peptide. In the class I lanthipeptide epilancin 15X, this step is performed by the subtilisin-like serine peptidase ElxP. Bioinformatic, kinetic, and mass spectrometric analysis revealed that ElxP recognizes the stretch of amino acids DLNPQS located near the proteolytic cleavage site of its substrate, ElxA. When the ElxP recognition motif was inserted into the noncognate lanthipeptide precursor NisA, ElxP was able to proteolytically remove the leader peptide from NisA. Proteolytic removal of the leader peptide by ElxP during the biosynthesis of epilancin 15X exposes an N-terminal dehydroalanine on the core peptide of ElxA that hydrolyzes to a pyruvyl group. The short-chain dehydrogenase ElxO reduces the pyruvyl group to a lactyl moiety in the final step of epilancin 15X maturation. Using synthetic peptides, we also investigated the substrate specificity of ElxO and determined the 1.85 Å resolution X-ray crystal structure of the enzyme.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the antimicrobial peptide epilancin 15X and its N-terminal lactate Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified antimicrobial peptides. The recently discovered lantibiotic epilancin 15X produced by Staphylococcus epidermidis 15X154 contains an unusual N-terminal lactate group. To understand its biosynthesis, the epilancin 15X biosynthetic gene cluster was identified. The N-terminal lactate is produced by dehydration of a serine residue in the first position of the core peptide by ElxB, followed by proteolytic removal of the leader peptide by ElxP and hydrolysis of the resulting new N-terminal dehydroalanine. The pyruvate group thus formed is reduced to lactate by an NADPH-dependent oxidoreductase designated ElxO. The enzymatic activity of ElxB, ElxP, and ElxO were investigated in vitro or in vivo and the importance of the N-terminal modification for peptide stability against bacterial aminopeptidases was assessed.	1
Title: Chemical synthesis and biological activity of analogues of the lantibiotic epilancin 15X Abstract: Lantibiotics are a large family of antibacterial peptide natural products containing multiple post-translational modifications, including the thioether structures lanthionine and methyllanthionine. Efforts to probe structure-activity relationships and engineer improved pharmacological properties have driven the development of new methods to produce non-natural analogues of these compounds. In this study, solid-supported chemical synthesis was used to produce analogues of the potent lantibiotic epilancin 15X, in order to assess the importance of several N-terminal post-translational modifications for biological activity. Surprisingly, substitution of these moieties, including the unusual N-terminal D-lactyl moiety, resulted in relatively small changes in the antimicrobial activity and pore-forming ability of the peptides.	1
Title: Elucidation of the primary structure of the lantibiotic epilancin K7 from Staphylococcus epidermidis K7. Cloning and characterisation of the epilancin-K7-encoding gene and NMR analysis of mature epilancin K7 Abstract: Lantibiotics are bacteriocins that contain unusual amino acids such as lanthionines and alpha, beta-didehydro residues generated by posttranslational modification of a ribosomally synthesized precursor protein. The structural gene encoding the novel lantibiotic epilancin K7 from Staphylococcus epidermidis K7 was cloned and its nucleotide sequence was determined. The gene, which was named elkA, codes for a 55-residue preprotein, consisting of an N-terminal 24-residue leader peptide, and a C-terminal 31-residue propeptide which is posttranslationally modified and processed to yield mature epilancin K7. In common with the type-A lantibiotics nisin A and nisin Z, subtilin, epidermin, gallidermin and Pep5, pre-epilancin K7 has a so-called class-Al leader peptide. Downstream and upstream of the elkA gene, the starts of two open-reading-frames, named elkP and elkT, were identified. The elkP and elkT genes presumably encode a leader peptidase and a translocator protein, respectively, which may be involved in the processing and export of epilancin K7. The amino acid sequence of the unmodified pro-epilancin K7, deduced from the elkA gene sequence, is in full agreement with the amino acid sequence of mature epilancin K7, determined previously by means of NMR spectroscopy [van de Kamp, M., Horstink, L. M., van den Hooven, M. W., Konings, R. N. M., Hilbers, C. W., Sahl, H.-G., Metzger, J. W. & van de Ven, F. J. M. (1995) Eur. J. Biochem. 227, 757-771]. The first residue of mature epilancin K7 appears to be modified in a way that has not been described for any other lantibiotic so far. NMR experiments show that the elkA-encoded serine residue at position +1 of pro-epilancin K7 is modified to a 2-hydroxypropionyl residue in the mature protein.	1
Title: Two different lantibiotic-like peptides originate from the ericin gene cluster of Bacillus subtilis A1/3 Abstract: A lantibiotic gene cluster was identified in Bacillus subtilis A1/3 showing a high degree of homology to the subtilin gene cluster and occupying the same genetic locus as the spa genes in B. subtilis ATCC 6633. The gene cluster exhibits diversity with respect to duplication of two subtilin-like genes which are separated by a sequence similar to a portion of a lanC gene. Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) analyses of B. subtilis A1/3 culture extracts confirmed the presence of two lantibiotic-like peptides, ericin S (3,442 Da) and ericin A (2,986 Da). Disruption of the lanB-homologous gene eriB resulted in loss of production of both peptides, demonstrating that they are processed in an eriB-dependent manner. Although precursors of ericins S and A show only 75% of identity, the matured lantibiotic-like peptides reveal highly similar physical properties; separation was only achieved after multistep, reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography. Based on Edman and peptidase degradation in combination with MALDI-TOF MS, for ericin S a subtilin-like, lanthionine-bridging pattern is supposed. For ericin A two C-terminal rings are different from the lanthionine pattern of subtilin. Due to only four amino acid exchanges, ericin S and subtilin revealed similar antibiotic activities as well as similar properties in response to heat and protease treatment. For ericin A only minor antibiotic activity was found.	1
Title: Characterization of new class III lantibiotics--erythreapeptin, avermipeptin and griseopeptin from Saccharopolyspora erythraea, Streptomyces avermitilis and Streptomyces griseus demonstrates stepwise N-terminal leader processing Abstract: Lantibiotics are a large group of ribosomally synthesized peptides post-translationally modified to incorporate the amino acid lanthionine. They are classified, according to their biosynthetic pathway and bioactivity, into three major subtypes. Of Actinomycetes type III lantibiotics, only four peptides (SapB, SapT, LabA1, and LabA2) have been described and structurally characterized, although homologous gene clusters are abundant in other Actinomycetes. All these gene clusters share a similar architecture with a characteristic Ser/Ser/Cys motif in precursor peptides, which has previously been suggested to act as a precursor for lanthionine (SapB) and labionin (LabA2) rings. Mass spectrometry screening led to the discovery and characterization of three new representatives of type III lantibiotics: Avermipeptin (Avi), Erythreapeptin (Ery), and Griseopeptin (Gri) from Streptomyces avermitilis DSM 46492, Saccharopolyspora erythraea NRRL 2338, and Streptomyces griseus DSM 40236, respectively. Apart from the assignment of these peptides to their corresponding gene clusters, additional investigations on Avi, Ery and Gri peptides indicate stepwise leader processing by putative aminopeptidase-like protease(s), thus yielding mixtures of differently N-terminal-processed lantibiotic peptides. Similar peptide processing was observed for a heterologously expressed eryth biosynthetic gene cluster expressed in a Streptomyces host system. Remarkably, all isolates of the new type III lantibiotics contain both the amino acids lanthionine and labionin, thus implying dual-mode cyclase activity of the processing lyase-kinase-cyclase enzymes. These findings have implications for the structures and maturation of other type III lantibiotics from Actinomycetes.	1
Title: Circumventing the effect of product toxicity: development of a novel two-stage production process for the lantibiotic gallidermin Abstract: Lantibiotics such as gallidermin are lanthionine-containing polypeptide antibiotics produced by gram-positive bacteria that might become relevant for the treatment of various infectious diseases. So far, self-toxicity has prevented the isolation of efficient overproducing strains, thus hampering their thorough investigation and preventing their exploitation in fields other than the food area. We wanted to investigate the effect of lantibiotic precursor peptides on the producing strains in order to evaluate novel strategies for the overproduction of these promising peptides. In this study, gallidermin was chosen as a representative example of the type A lantibiotics. A Staphylococcus gallinarum Tü3928 mutant, whose gene for the extracellular pregallidermin protease GdmP was replaced by a kanamycin-resistance gene, was constructed. Mass spectrometry (MS) analysis indicated that this mutant produced fully posttranslationally modified gallidermin precursors with truncated versions of the leader peptide, but not the entire leader as predicted from the gdmA sequence. In filter-on-plate assays, these truncated pregallidermins showed no toxicity against Staphylococcus gallinarum Tü3928 up to a concentration of 8 g/liter (corresponding to approximately 2.35 mM), while gallidermin produced clear inhibitory zones at concentrations as low as 0.25 g/liter (0.12 mM). We showed that the lack of toxicity is due entirely to the presence of the truncated leader, since MS as well as bioassay analysis showed that the peptides resulting from tryptic cleavage of pregallidermins and gallidermin produced by S. gallinarum Tü3928 had identical masses and approximately the same specific activity. This demonstrates that even a shortened leader sequence is sufficient to prevent the toxicity of mature gallidermin. In nonoptimized fermentations, the gdmP mutant produced pregallidermin to a 50%-higher molar titer, suggesting that the absence of self-toxicity has a beneficial effect on gallidermin production and giving a first confirmation of the suitability of the overproduction strategy.	1
Title: Lantibiotics from Geobacillus thermodenitrificans Abstract: The lantibiotic nisin has been used as an effective food preservative to combat food-borne pathogens for over 40 y. Despite this successful use, nisin's stability at pH 7 is limited. Herein, we describe a nisin analog encoded on the genome of the thermophilic bacterium Geobacillus thermodenitrificans NG80-2. This analog termed geobacillin I was obtained by heterologous expression in Escherichia coli and subsequent purification. Extensive NMR characterization demonstrated that geobacillin I contains seven thioether cross-links, two more than the five cross-links found in nisin and the most cross-links found in any lantibiotic to date. The antimicrobial spectrum of geobacillin I was generally similar to that of nisin A, with increased activity against Streptococcus dysgalactiae, one of the causative agents of bovine mastitis. Geobacillin I demonstrated increased stability compared to nisin A. In addition to geobacillin I, the genome of G. thermodenitrificans NG80-2 also contains a class II lantibiotic biosynthetic gene cluster. The corresponding compound was produced in E. coli, and has a ring topology different than that of any known lantibiotic as determined by tandem mass spectrometry. Interestingly, geobacillin II only demonstrated antimicrobial activity against Bacillus strains. Seven Geobacillus strains were screened for production of the geobacillins using whole-cell MALDI-MS and five were shown to produce geobacillin I, but none produced geobacillin II.	1
Title: Discovery and in vitro biosynthesis of haloduracin, a two-component lantibiotic Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized peptides that undergo posttranslational modifications to their mature, antimicrobial form. They are characterized by the unique amino acids lanthionine and methyllanthionine, introduced by means of dehydration of Ser/Thr residues followed by reaction of the resulting dehydro amino acids with cysteines to form thioether linkages. Two-component lantibiotics use two peptides that are each posttranslationally modified to yield two functionally distinct products that act in synergy to provide bactericidal activity. By using genetic data instead of isolation, a two-component lantibiotic, haloduracin, was identified in the genome of the Gram-positive alkaliphilic bacterium Bacillus halodurans C-125. We show that heterologously expressed and purified precursor peptides HalA1 and HalA2 are processed by the purified modification enzymes HalM1 and HalM2 in an in vitro reconstitution of the biosynthesis of a two-component lantibiotic. The activity of each HalM enzyme is substrate-specific, and the assay products exhibit antimicrobial activity after removal of their leader sequences at an engineered Factor Xa cleavage site, indicating that correct thioether formation has occurred. Haloduracin's biological activity depends on the presence of both modified peptides. The structures of the two mature haloduracin peptides Halalpha and Halbeta were investigated, indicating that they have similarities as well as some distinct differences compared with other two-component lantibiotics.	1
Title: Identification of a novel two-peptide lantibiotic, haloduracin, produced by the alkaliphile Bacillus halodurans C-125 Abstract: Complete genome sequencing of the alkaliphilic bacterium Bacillus halodurans C-125 revealed the presence of several genes homologous to those involved in the production of lantibiotic peptides. Additional bioinformatic analysis identified a total of eleven genes, spanning a 15 kbp region, potentially involved in the production, modification, immunity and transport of a two-peptide lantibiotic. Having established that strain C-125 exhibited antimicrobial activity against a wide range of Gram-positive bacteria, it was demonstrated through peptide purification, MS and site-directed mutagenesis that this activity was indeed attributable to the production of a lantibiotic encoded by these genes. This antimicrobial has been designated haloduracin and represents the first occasion wherein production of two-peptide lantibiotic has been associated with a Bacillus sp. It is also the first example of a lantibiotic of any kind to be produced by an alkaliphilic species.	1
Title: Structure-activity relationship studies of the two-component lantibiotic haloduracin Abstract: The lantibiotic haloduracin consists of two posttranslationally processed peptides, Halalpha and Halbeta, which act in synergy to provide bactericidal activity. An in vitro haloduracin production system was used to examine the biological impact of disrupting individual thioether rings in each peptide. Surprisingly, the Halalpha B ring, which contains a highly conserved CTLTXEC motif, was expendable. This motif has been proposed to interact with haloduracin's predicted target, lipid II. Exchange of the glutamate residue in this motif for alanine or glutamine completely abolished antibacterial activity. This study also established that Halalpha-Ser26 and Halbeta-Ser22 escape dehydration, requiring revision of the Halbeta structure previously proposed. Extracellular proteases secreted by the producer strain can remove the leader peptide, and the Halalpha cystine that is dispensable for bioactivity protects Halalpha from further proteolytic degradation.	1
Title: Haloduracin α binds the peptidoglycan precursor lipid II with 2:1 stoichiometry Abstract: The two-peptide lantibiotic haloduracin is composed of two post-translationally modified polycyclic peptides that synergistically act on gram-positive bacteria. We show here that Halα inhibits the transglycosylation reaction catalyzed by PBP1b by binding in a 2:1 stoichiometry to its substrate lipid II. Halβ and the mutant Halα-E22Q were not able to inhibit this step in peptidoglycan biosynthesis, but Halα with its leader peptide still attached was a potent inhibitor. Combined with previous findings, the data support a model in which a 1:2:2 lipid II:Halα:Halβ complex inhibits cell wall biosynthesis and mediates pore formation, resulting in loss of membrane potential and potassium efflux.	1
Title: Automated genome mining of ribosomal peptide natural products Abstract: Ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides (RiPPs), especially from microbial sources, are a large group of bioactive natural products that are a promising source of new (bio)chemistry and bioactivity.1 In light of exponentially increasing microbial genome databases and improved mass spectrometry (MS)-based metabolomic platforms, there is a need for computational tools that connect natural product genotypes predicted from microbial genome sequences with their corresponding chemotypes from metabolomic data sets. Here, we introduce RiPPquest, a tandem mass spectrometry database search tool for identification of microbial RiPPs, and apply it to lanthipeptide discovery. RiPPquest uses genomics to limit search space to the vicinity of RiPP biosynthetic genes and proteomics to analyze extensive peptide modifications and compute p-values of peptide-spectrum matches (PSMs). We highlight RiPPquest by connecting multiple RiPPs from extracts of Streptomyces to their gene clusters and by the discovery of a new class III lanthipeptide, informatipeptin, from Streptomyces viridochromogenes DSM 40736 to reflect that it is a natural product that was discovered by mass spectrometry based genome mining using algorithmic tools rather than manual inspection of mass spectrometry data and genetic information. The presented tool is available at cyclo.ucsd.edu.	1
Title: Extensive post-translational modification, including serine to D-alanine conversion, in the two-component lantibiotic, lacticin 3147 Abstract: Lacticin 3147 is a two-component bacteriocin produced by Lactococcus lactis subspecies lactis DPC3147. In order to further characterize the biochemical nature of the bacteriocin, both peptides were isolated which together are responsible for the antimicrobial activity. The first, LtnA1, is a 3,322 Da 30-amino acid peptide and the second component, LtnA2, is a 29-amino acid peptide with a mass of 2,847 Da. Conventional amino acid analysis revealed that both peptides contain the thioether amino acid, lanthionine, as well as an excess of alanine to that predicted from the genetic sequence of the peptides. Chiral phase gas chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry of amino acid composition indicated that both LtnA1 and LtnA2 contain D-alanine residues and amino acid sequence analysis of LtnA1 confirmed that the D-alanine results from post-translational modification of a serine residue in the primary translation product. Taken together, these results demonstrate that lacticin 3147 is a novel, two-component, D-alanine containing lantibiotic that undergoes extensive post-translational modification which may account for its potent antimicrobial activity against a wide range of Gram-positive bacteria.	1
Title: Identification and overexpression of ltnl, a novel gene which confers immunity to the two-component lantibiotic lacticin 3147 Abstract: Production and immunity of the two-component lantibiotic lacticin 3147 is encoded by the 60-2 kb lactococcal plasmid pMRC01. A 12.6 kb region of this plasmid, containing ten genes in two divergently arranged gene clusters, has been subcloned in Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris MG1363 and has been shown to confer both lacticin 3147 production and immunity. Further subcloning revealed that the smaller of the two clusters (ItnRIFE) confers immunity. Although the ItnF and E genes are homologous to ABC transporters which confer immunity to other lantibiotics, deletion analysis indicates that they do not play a role in the immunity exhibited by this subclone in L. lactis subsp. cremoris MG1363. Also, a deletion in ItnR (which resembles a family of transcriptional repressors) had no effect on immunity. The remaining gene, Itnl, encodes a 116 amino acid protein with a predicted membrane location which bears no homology to other bacteriocin immunity proteins. Confirmation of its role in immunity was obtained when it was observed that disruption of Itnl resulted in a complete loss of immunity. When Itnl was cloned into the expression vector pMG36e, the resulting construct conferred levels of immunity comparable to pMRC01. This confirmed that under the control of a strong promoter, the Itnl gene product alone is sufficient to confer lacticin immunity. In addition, heterologous expression of Itnl was observed in Enterococcus faecalis OG1X. On cloning Itnl behind a nisin-inducible promoter, it was observed that the level of immunity was dependent on nisin concentration. Using this construct, the authors have demonstrated a potential role for Itnl as food-grade selectable marker. Thus, Ltnl appears to represent a new class of lantibiotic immunity proteins.	1
Title: Each peptide of the two-component lantibiotic lacticin 3147 requires a separate modification enzyme for activity Abstract: The genetic determinants for production and immunity to the two-component lantibiotic lacticin 3147 are encoded by a 12.6 kb region of the plasmid pMRC01. This region contains ten genes arranged in two divergent clusters; these include the structural genes and a number of genes whose products show significant similarity to proteins involved in the biosynthesis of other lantibiotics. Using a strategy of deletion and mutational analysis, the effect of disruption of a number of these genes was investigated. Inactivation of either of the structural genes, ltnA1 or ltnA2, resulted in mutants that were incapable of producing active lacticin 3147; however, the combination of the cell-free supernatant from both mutants resulted in a restoration of bacteriocin activity, confirming that processing and export of the structural peptides can occur independently. An unusual feature of the lacticin 3147 gene cluster is the presence of two lanM homologues, whose gene products are proposed to be involved in the dehydration and thioether-forming reactions which result in lanthionine bridge formation. Mutants created in the ltnM1 and ltnM2 genes were also incapable of lantibiotic production, confirming an essential role for these enzymes in the lacticin 3147 biosynthetic pathway and supporting the assertion that these proteins are modification enzymes. Interestingly, addition of purified LtnA1, but not purified LtnA2, to the cell-free supernatant of the ltnM1 mutant restored bacteriocin activity; in contrast, only purified LtnA2 could complement the cell-free supernatant of the ltnM2 mutant. Creation of a number of double mutants supported these findings, and confirmed that LtnM1 is required to produce mature LtnA1, while LtnM2 is required to produce mature LtnA2.	1
Title: Regulation of immunity to the two-component lantibiotic, lacticin 3147, by the transcriptional repressor LtnR Abstract: Lacticin 3147 is a membrane-active, two-component lantibiotic produced by Lactococcus lactis ssp. lactis DPC3147. In this study, the promoters of the lacticin 3147 gene cluster were mapped to the intergenic region between ltnR and ltnA1 (the genes encoding the regulatory protein LtnR and the first structural gene, LtnA1), and Northern analyses revealed that the biosynthetic and immunity genes are divergently transcribed in two operons, ltnA1A2M1TM2D and ltnRIFE respectively. Although the promoter controlling biosynthesis (Pbac) appears to be constitutive, characterization of a downstream beta-galactosidase (beta-gal) fusion beyond an intragenic stem-loop structure in ltnM1 confirmed that this putative transcriptional attenuator allows limited readthrough to the downstream biosynthetic genes, thus maintaining the correct stoichiometry between structural peptides and biosynthetic machinery. The promoter of the ltnRIFE operon (Pimm) was shown to be regulated by the transcriptional repressor LtnR. A mutant with a truncated ltnR gene exhibited a hyperimmune phenotype, whereas overexpression of ltnR resulted in cells with increased sensitivity to lacticin 3147. Gel mobility shift analysis indicated that LtnR binds to the Pimm promoter region, and fusion of this promoter to the beta-gal gene of pAK80 revealed that expression from Pimm is significantly reduced in the presence of LtnR. Thus, we have demonstrated that lacticin 3147 uses a regulatory mechanism not previously identified in lantibiotic systems.	1
Title: Overproduction of wild-type and bioengineered derivatives of the lantibiotic lacticin 3147 Abstract: Lacticin 3147 is a broad-spectrum two-peptide lantibiotic whose genetic determinants are located on two divergent operons on the lactococcal plasmid pMRC01. Here we introduce each of 14 subclones, containing different combinations of lacticin 3147 genes, into MG1363 (pMRC01) and determine that a number of them can facilitate overproduction of the lantibiotic. Based on these studies it is apparent that while the provision of additional copies of genes encoding the biosynthetic/production machinery and the regulator LtnR is a requirement for high-level overproduction, the presence of additional copies of the structural genes (i.e., ltnA1A2) is not.	1
Title: Structural characterization of lacticin 3147, a two-peptide lantibiotic with synergistic activity Abstract: Lantibiotics are antibacterial peptides isolated from bacterial sources that exhibit activity toward Gram-positive organisms and are usually several orders of magnitude more potent than traditional antibiotics such as penicillin. They contain a number of unique structural features including dehydro amino acid and lanthionine (thioether) residues. Introduced following ribosomal translation of the parent peptide, these moieties render conventional methods of peptide analysis ineffective. We report herein a new method using nickel boride (Ni(2)B), in the presence of deuterium gas, to reduce dehydro side chains and reductively desulfurize lanthionine bridges found in lantibiotics. Using this approach, it is possible to identify and distinguish the original locations of dehydro side chains and lanthionine bridges by traditional peptide sequencing (Edman degradation) followed by mass spectrometry. The strategy was initially verified using nisin A, a structurally well characterized lantibiotic, and subsequently extended to the novel two-component lantibiotic, lacticin 3147, produced by Lactococcus lactis subspecies lactis DPC3147. The primary structures of both lacticin 3147 peptides were then fully assigned by use of multidimensional NMR spectroscopy, showing that lacticin 3147 A1 has a specific lanthionine bridging pattern which resembles the globular type-B lantibiotic mersacidin, whereas the A2 peptide is a member of the elongated type-A lantibiotic class. Also obtained by NMR were solution conformations of both lacticin 3147 peptides, indicating that A1 may adopt a conformation similar to that of mersacidin and that the A2 peptide adopts alpha-helical structure. These results are the first of their kind for a synergistic lantibiotic pair (only four such pairs have been reported to date).	1
Title: Mechanistic dissection of the enzyme complexes involved in biosynthesis of lacticin 3147 and nisin Abstract: The thioether rings in the lantibiotics lacticin 3147 and nisin are posttranslationally introduced by dehydration of serines and threonines, followed by coupling of these dehydrated residues to cysteines. The prepeptides of the two-component lantibiotic lacticin 3147, LtnA1 and LtnA2, are dehydrated and cyclized by two corresponding bifunctional enzymes, LtnM1 and LtnM2, and are subsequently processed and exported via one bifunctional enzyme, LtnT. In the nisin synthetase complex, the enzymes NisB, NisC, NisT, and NisP dehydrate, cyclize, export, and process prenisin, respectively. Here, we demonstrate that the combination of LtnM2 and LtnT can modify, process, and transport peptides entirely different from LtnA2 and that LtnT can process and transport unmodified LtnA2 and unrelated peptides. Furthermore, we demonstrate a higher extent of NisB-mediated dehydration in the absence of thioether rings. Thioether rings apparently inhibited dehydration, which implies alternating actions of NisB and NisC. Furthermore, certain (but not all) NisC-cyclized peptides were exported with higher efficiency as a result of their conformation. Taken together, these data provide further insight into the applicability of Lactococcus lactis strains containing lantibiotic enzymes for the design and production of modified peptides.	1
Title: Saturation mutagenesis of selected residues of the α-peptide of the lantibiotic lacticin 3147 yields a derivative with enhanced antimicrobial activity Abstract: The lantibiotic lacticin 3147 consists of two ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified antimicrobial peptides, Ltnα and Ltnβ, which act synergistically against a wide range of Gram-positive microorganisms. We performed saturation mutagenesis of specific residues of Ltnα to determine their functional importance. The results establish that Ltnα is more tolerant to change than previously suggested by alanine scanning mutagenesis. One substitution, LtnαH23S, was identified which improved the specific activity of lacticin 3147 against one pathogenic strain, Staphylococcus aureus NCDO1499. This represents the first occasion upon which the activity of a two peptide lantibiotic has been enhanced through bioengineering.	1
Title: Lacticin 3147--biosynthesis, molecular analysis, immunity, bioengineering and applications Abstract: The continuing problem of the emergence of multidrug resistance in pathogens has resulted in renewed efforts to identify novel antimicrobials that could be used in clinical settings. Lantibiotics are bacterially produced gene encoded antimicrobial peptides which have been the focus of extensive investigation in recent years because of their broad spectrum of activity. Lantibiotics (lanthionine-containing antibiotics), which have traditionally been regarded as antimicrobials for use in food or veterinary medicine, may provide at least part of the solution to these problems. Lacticin 3147 is a two peptide lantibiotic (consisting of the peptides Ltnα and Ltnβ) which is active at low concentrations against many pathogens. It has been the subject of extensive research, which has generated significant insights into the mechanisms of lacticin 3147 biosynthesis, immunity, structure function relationships and the consequences of molecular bioengineering. The merits of employing lacticin 3147 to control spoilage microbes as well as its potential in the elimination of food, human and veterinary pathogens have also been highlighted. Here we review the knowledge which has been gained with respect to lacticin 3147 since its discovery in 1995.	1
Title: Cloning, expression, and nucleotide sequence of genes involved in production of lactococcin DR, a bacteriocin from lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis Abstract: The partial nucleotide sequence of a Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis ADRIA 85LO30 bacteriocin-producing operon was determined. The first two open reading frames of the operon are necessary to get bacteriocin expression in L. lactis IL1403R.	1
Title: Characterization of the lacticin 481 operon: the Lactococcus lactis genes lctF, lctE, and lctG encode a putative ABC transporter involved in bacteriocin immunity Abstract: The lantibiotic lacticin 481 is a bacteriocin produced by Lactococcus lactis strains. The genetic determinants of lacticin 481 production are organized as an operon encoded by a 70-kb plasmid. We previously reported the first three genes of this operon, lctA, lctM, and lctT, which are involved in the bacteriocin biosynthesis and export (A. Rincé, A. Dufour, S. Le Pogam, D. Thuault, C. M. Bourgeois, and J.-P. Le Pennec, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 60:1652-1657, 1994). The operon contains three additional open reading frames: lctF, lctE, and lctG. The hydrophobicity profiles and sequence similarities strongly suggest that the three gene products associate to form an ABC transporter. When the three genes were coexpressed into a lacticin 481-sensitive L. lactis strain, the strain became resistant to the bacteriocin. This protection could not be obtained when any of the three genes was deleted, confirming that lctF, lctE, and lctG are all necessary to provide immunity to lacticin 481. The quantification of the levels of immunity showed that lctF, lctE, and lctG could account for at least 6% and up to 100% of the immunity of the wild-type lacticin 481 producer strain, depending on the gene expression regulation. The lacticin 481 biosynthesis and immunity systems are discussed and compared to other lantibiotic systems.	1
Title: Lantibiotic biosynthesis: interactions between prelacticin 481 and its putative modification enzyme, LctM Abstract: Class AII and AIII lantibiotics and mersacidin are antibacterial peptides containing unusual residues obtained by posttranslational modifications of prepeptides, presumably catalyzed by LanM. LctM, the LanM for lacticin 481, is essential for the production of this class AII lantibiotic. Using the yeast two-hybrid system, we showed direct contact between the prelacticin 481 and LctM, supporting the proposed LctM function. Sixteen domains are conserved between the 10 known LanM proteins, whereas three additional domains were found only in class AII LanM proteins and in MrsM, the LanM for mersacidin. All the truncated LctM proteins that we tested presented impaired LctA-binding activity.	1
Title: IS1675, a novel lactococcal insertion element, forms a transposon-like structure including the lacticin 481 lantibiotic operon Abstract: Two copies of IS1675, a novel lactococcal insertion element from the IS4 family, are present on a 70-kb plasmid, where they frame the lantibiotic lacticin 481 operon. The whole structure could be a composite transposon designated Tn5721. This study shows that the lacticin 481 operon does not include any regulatory gene and provides a new example of a transposon-associated bacteriocin determinant. We identified five other IS1675 copies not associated with the lacticin 481 operon. The conservation of IS1675 flanking sequences suggested a 24-bp target site.	1
Title: Identification of the genes involved in the secretion and self-immunity of lacticin Q, an unmodified leaderless bacteriocin from Lactococcus lactis QU 5 Abstract: Lacticin Q (LnqQ) produced by Lactococcus lactis QU 5 is an unmodified linear bacteriocin, which is synthesized without an N-terminal leader peptide. In vitro synthesis and in vivo expression of LnqQ have revealed the intracellular toxicity of this leaderless peptide, as well as the necessity of a dedicated secretion and self-immunity system of producer cells. Further DNA sequencing and analysis have discovered 11 putative orf genes at the LnqQ locus. None of the orf genes showed similarities to any of the bacteriocin biosynthetic genes characterized to date; however, six orf genes (orf2q-7q), not including the structural gene (lnqQ), were highly conserved at the lacticin Z locus (orf2z-7z), which is a LnqQ homologue produced by L. lactis QU 14. ORF2q (ORF2z), the gene of which is located upstream of the structural gene, is a putative transcriptional regulator, whereas ORF6q and ORF7q (ORF6z and ORF7z) form a putative ATP-binding cassette transporter. The ORF3q-5q (ORF3z-5z) are all predicted to be membrane proteins with no clear functions. Co-expression of LnqQ and ORF3q-7q in a heterologous host allowed the extracellular production of LnqQ; additionally, the expression of ORF3q-7q rendered the host cells immune to LnqQ. This self-immunity was facilitated possibly by two means; firstly, by secreting the active LnqQ peptides, thus reducing the intracellular toxicity, and secondly, by protecting the host cells from extracellularly released LnqQ. This is the first report, to our knowledge, that describes intracellular toxicity of a leaderless bacteriocin and provides a rare example of biosynthetic genes that are required for bacteriocin secretion and immunity.	1
Title: Transposition in Lactobacillus sake and its abolition of lactocin S production by insertion of IS1163, a new member of the IS3 family Abstract: This report presents the nucleotide sequence and insertional activity of IS1163, which is a new member of the IS3 family of transposable elements. Analysis of spontaneous mutants of the lactocin S-producing Lactobacillus sake strain L45 show that the bacteriocin-negative phenotype is due to either loss of the producer plasmid or the insertion of IS1163 into the lactocin S operon (las operon). The data further show that insertional inactivation of the lactocin S operon is the result of a transposition event involving a chromosomally located donor copy of IS1163. Although the insertions described are clustered within a 250-bp region of the las operon, there are no features of the insertion sites to suggest target-specific insertion of IS1163. The overlapping, frameshifted organization of the two major open reading frames found in IS1163 is typical for the IS3 family, but the structure of the putative frameshift region includes features which distinguish IS1163 from the other members of the group. The insertional activity of IS1163 in L. sake L45 has aided in identifying regions of pCIM1 essential for lactocin S production and may have further practical applications as a mutational tool in L. sake.	1
Title: In vivo conversion of L-serine to D-alanine in a ribosomally synthesized polypeptide Abstract: In the course of characterizing the bacteriocin lactocin S and its encoding gene, we discovered three alanine-for-serine substitutions which, apparently, is a violation of the genetic code. Subsequent chiral analysis of lactocin S hydrolysates revealed a correlation between D-alanine content and the three substitutions, implying a conversion of L-serine to D-alanine in lactocin S maturation. In order to explain this observation, we suggest a sequence of events initiated by the dehydration of serine, which is common in the biosynthesis of the lanthionine-containing polycyclic lantibiotics (Schnell, N., Entian, K.-D., Schneider, U., Götz, F., Zähner, H., Kellner, R. & Jung, G. (1988) Nature 333, 276-278; Jung, G. (1991) Angew, Chem. Int. Ed. Engl. 30, 1051-1068; Bierbaum, G. & Sahl, H.-G. (1993) Zentralbl. Bakteriol. 278, 1-22) and completed by the stereospecific reduction of dehydroalanine residues. The occurrence of non-lanthionine alpha-carbon stereoinversion in lactocin S maturation substantiates the hypothetical alpha-epimerization scheme originally put forward by Bycroft (Bycroft, B. W. (1969) Nature 224, 595-597), and we propose a revision of this model to accommodate the lactocin S-type stereoinversion. Lactocin S is the first prokaryotic exception to the rule that only L-amino acids are included in ribosomally synthesized peptides.	1
Title: Organization and expression of a gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of the lantibiotic lactocin S Abstract: Some 8.8 kb of the Lactobacillus sake plasmid pCIM1 was sequenced, revealing eight tightly clustered open reading frames (ORFs) downstream from lasA, which encodes pre-lactocin S. Transcription analyses demonstrated that the genes are expressed as an operon, with transcription initiating upstream of lasA and terminating immediately 3' to the ninth ORF x lasA is also represented by two small RNAs (RNAI and RNAII) which differ in size by approximately 90 nucleotides, and primer extension experiments demonstrated a corresponding difference in the 5' termini. A palindromie sequence constitutes the 3' terminus of both RNAI and RNAII, and we propose that this sequence has a dual regulatory function in controlling the expression of las operon, acting both as a barrier to 3'-5' exonuclease degradation of the lasA-specific transcript(s), and as a "leaky" transcriptional terminator which limits the expression of down-stream genes. Three of the genes in the las operon have identifiable counterparts in other lantibiotic systems: lasM is likely to be involved in prepeptide modification, lasT, which encodes an ATP-dependent transport protein, is probably involved in the secretion of lactocin S, while lasP specifies a subtilisin-type serine protease which may be the lactocin S leader peptidase. Insertional mutation of either lasT or lasM by the resident transposable element IS1163 abolishes lactocin S production. The remaining five ORFs in the las operon are apparently unique, and their significance with respect to the lactocin S phenotype is presently not known.	1
Title: Additive effects of a two-amino-acid insertion and a single-amino-acid substitution in dihydropteroate synthase for the development of sulphonamide-resistant Neisseria meningitidis Abstract: Sulphonamide resistance in some clinical isolates of Neisseria meningitidis is associated with an insertion in the chromosomal folP gene leading to the addition of two amino acids, serine and glycine, in the drug target enzyme dihydropteroate synthase (DHPS). Removal of the insertion resulted in a markedly higher Km for the substrate p-aminobenzoic acid and a markedly lower Km for 2-amino-4-hydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)-7,8-dihydropteridine pyrophosphate. In the same isolates an additional important difference, compared to wild-type enzymes, was found at amino acid position 68, which is a proline in most DHPS enzymes, but is serine in one and leucine in another clinical isolate of sulphonamide-resistant N. meningitidis. The alteration at position 68 was found to affect mainly the level of sulphonamide resistance and had only a minor effect on the Km for the substrates. Introduction of the serine-glycine dipeptide at position 194 and a proline to serine substitution at position 68 in DHPS from normal, susceptible N. meningitidis failed to produce a functional sulphonamide-resistant enzyme. The conclusion of this study is that it is not possible to change a normal chromosomally encoded DHPS of N. meningitidis to a sulphonamide-resistant one simply by an insertion of serine and glycine as seen in clinical isolates. It is likely that the resistance gene found in clinical isolates has evolved in another bacterial species where a combination of other amino acid changes may have contributed to produce a functionally resistant enzyme. This new resistance gene may have then been introduced into N. meningitidis by natural transformation.	1
Title: Identification, characterization, and expression of a second, bicistronic, operon involved in the production of lactocin S in Lactobacillus sakei L45 Abstract: Through the analysis of spontaneous insertion mutants of Lactobacillus sakei L45, a second operon involved in lactocin S production was identified and characterized. The new, bicistronic unit, termed lasXY, is situated immediately upstream of the previously characterized nine-open reading frame (ORF) lactocin S operon (lasA-W) and is transcribed in the opposite direction. The proximal of the two newly identified genes, lasX, specifies a 285-residue protein that is similar to a group of proteins with reported gene regulation functions in gram-positive bacteria. It was demonstrated that the lasX mutants have a strongly reduced level of lasA and lasA-W mRNA, thus indicating the likely cause of the Bac(-) phenotype of these mutants. The second ORF in the operon, lasY, specifies a 300-residue ABC transporter homolog, the function of which is currently obscure. Transcription initiation mapping of the lasXY operon demonstrates that the two lactocin S promoters overlap such that both transcripts initiate within the -35 region of the oppositely oriented promoter. This organization of promoters is unique among this group of regulons and may constitute a modulatory site in the proposed LasX-dependent expression of lasA and downstream genes.	1
Title: Isolation, structure elucidation, and synergistic antibacterial activity of a novel two-component lantibiotic lichenicidin from Bacillus licheniformis VK21 Abstract: A novel synergetic lantibiotic pair, Lchalpha (3249.51 Da) and Lchbeta (3019.36 Da), termed lichenicidin VK21, was isolated from the producer strain Bacillus licheniformis VK21. Chemical and spatial structures of Lchalpha and Lchbeta were determined. Each peptide contains 31 amino acid residues linked by 4 intramolecular thioether bridges and the N-terminal 2-oxobutyryl group. Spatial structures of Lchalpha and Lchbeta were studied by NMR spectroscopy in methanol solution. The Lchalpha peptide displays structural homology with mersacidin-like lantibiotics and involves relatively well-structured N- and C-terminal domains connected by a flexible loop stabilized by a thioether bridge Ala11-S-Ala21. In contrast, the Lchbeta peptide represents a prolonged hydrophobic alpha-helix flanked with more flexible N- and C-terminal domains. A lantibiotic cluster of the Bacillus licheniformis VK21 genome which comprises the structural genes, lchA1 and lchA2, encoding the lantibiotics precursors, as well as the gene of a modifying enzyme lchM1, was amplified and sequenced. The mature peptides, Lchalpha and Lchbeta, interact synergistically to possess antibiotic activity against Gram-positive bacteria within a nanomolar concentration range, though the individual peptides were shown to be active at micromolar concentrations. Our results afford molecular insight into the mechanism of lichenicidin VK21 action.	1
Title: Macedocin, a food-grade lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus macedonicus ACA-DC 198 Abstract: Streptococcus macedonicus ACA-DC 198, a strain isolated from Greek Kasseri cheese, produces a food-grade lantibiotic named macedocin. Macedocin has a molecular mass of 2,794.76 +/- 0.42 Da, as determined by electrospray mass spectrometry. Partial N-terminal sequence analysis revealed 22 amino acid residues that correspond with the amino acid sequence of the lantibiotics SA-FF22 and SA-M49, both of which were isolated from the pathogen Streptococcus pyogenes. Macedocin inhibits a broad spectrum of lactic acid bacteria, as well as several food spoilage and pathogenic bacteria, including Clostridium tyrobutyricum. It displays a bactericidal effect towards the most sensitive indicator strain, Lactobacillus sakei subsp. sakei LMG 13558(T), while the producer strain itself displays autoinhibition when it is grown under conditions that do not favor bacteriocin production. Macedocin is active at pHs between 4.0 and 9.0, and it retains activity even after incubation for 20 min at 121 degrees C with 1 atm of overpressure. Inhibition of macedocin by proteolytic enzymes is variable.	1
Title: Characterization of the gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of macedocin, the lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus macedonicus Abstract: Streptococcus macedonicus ACA-DC 198, a food-grade isolate from naturally fermented Greek Kasseri cheese, produces a lantibiotic named macedocin that has been previously purified and characterized. In the present study, a 15,171 bp region in the S. macedonicus ACA-DC 198 chromosome, containing the biosynthetic gene cluster of macedocin, has been sequenced. This region consists of 10 ORFs, which correspond to the genes (mcd genes) involved in macedocin biosynthesis, regulation and immunity. The mcd genes are organized in two operons and their role is predicted on the basis of similarities to genes of known lantibiotics. Compared with its closest match, the streptococcin A-FF22 gene cluster, the macedocin one contains an additional structural gene and an insertion sequence between the regulatory and the biosynthetic operons.	1
Title: Milk protein fragments induce the biosynthesis of macedocin, the lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus macedonicus ACA-DC 198 Abstract: The aim of the present work was to study the mode of the induction of the biosynthesis of macedocin, the lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus macedonicus ACA-DC 198. Macedocin was produced when the strain was grown in milk but not in MRS or M17 broth. No autoinduction mechanism was observed. Production did not depend on the presence of lactose or galactose in the culture medium or on a coculture of the producer strain with macedocin-sensitive or macedocin-resistant strains. Induction seemed to depend on the presence of one or more heat-stable protein components produced when S. macedonicus ACA-DC 198 was grown in milk. The partial purification of the induction factor was performed by a combination of chromatography methods, and its activity was confirmed by a reverse transcription-PCR approach (RT-PCR). Mass spectrometric (MS) and tandem mass spectrometric (MS/MS) analyses of an induction-active fraction showed the presence of several peptides of low molecular mass corresponding to fragments of alpha(S1)- and beta-casein as well as beta-lactoglobulin. The chemically synthesized alpha(S1)-casein fragment 37-55 (2,253.65 Da) was proven to be able to induce macedocin biosynthesis. This is the first time that milk protein degradation fragments are reported to exhibit a bacteriocin induction activity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the lantibiotic mersacidin: organization of a type B lantibiotic gene cluster Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster (12.3 kb) of mersacidin, a lanthionine-containing antimicrobial peptide, is located on the chromosome of the producer, Bacillus sp. strain HIL Y-85,54728 in a region that corresponds to 348 degrees on the chromosome of Bacillus subtilis 168. It consists of 10 open reading frames and contains, in addition to the previously described mersacidin structural gene mrsA (G. Bierbaum, H. Brötz, K.-P. Koller, and H.-G. Sahl, FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 127:121-126, 1995), two genes, mrsM and mrsD, coding for enzymes involved in posttranslational modification of the prepeptide; one gene, mrsT, coding for a transporter with an associated protease domain; and three genes, mrsF, mrsG, and mrsE, encoding a group B ABC transporter that could be involved in producer self-protection. Additionally, three regulatory genes are part of the gene cluster, i.e., mrsR2 and mrsK2, which encode a two-component regulatory system which seems to be necessary for the transcription of the mrsFGE operon, and mrsR1, which encodes a protein with similarity to response regulators. Transcription of mrsA sets in at early stationary phase (between 8 and 16 h of culture).	1
Title: Purification, characterization, and gene sequence of michiganin A, an actagardine-like lantibiotic produced by the tomato pathogen Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. michiganensis Abstract: Members of the actinomycete genus Clavibacter are known to produce antimicrobial compounds, but so far none of these compounds has been purified and characterized. We have isolated an antimicrobial peptide, michiganin A, from the tomato pathogen Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. michiganensis, using ammonium sulfate precipitation followed by cation-exchange and reversed-phase chromatography steps. Upon chemical derivatization of putative dehydrated amino acids and lanthionine bridges by alkaline ethanethiol, Edman degradation yielded sequence information that proved to be sufficient for cloning of the gene by a genome-walking strategy. The mature unmodified peptide consists of 21 amino acids, SSSGWLCTLTIECGTIICACR. All of the threonine residues undergo dehydration, and three of them interact with cysteines via thioether bonds to form methyllanthionine bridges. Michiganin A resembles actagardine, a type B lantibiotic with a known three-dimensional structure, produced by Actinoplanes liguriae, which is a filamentous actinomycete. The DNA sequence of the gene showed that the michiganin A precursor contains an unusual putative signal peptide with no similarity to well-known secretion signals and only very limited similarity to the (only two) available leader peptides of other type B lantibiotics. Michiganin A inhibits the growth of Clavibacter michiganensis subsp. sepedonicus, the causal agent of ring rot of potatoes, with MICs in the low nanomolar range. Thus, michiganin A may have some potential in biological control of potato ring rot.	1
Title: Microbisporicin gene cluster reveals unusual features of lantibiotic biosynthesis in actinomycetes Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized, posttranslationally modified peptide antibiotics. The biosynthetic gene cluster for microbisporicin, a potent lantibiotic produced by the actinomycete Microbispora corallina containing chlorinated tryptophan and dihydroxyproline residues, was identified by genome scanning and isolated from an M. corallina cosmid library. Heterologous expression in Nonomuraea sp. ATCC 39727 confirmed that all of the genes required for microbisporicin biosynthesis were present in the cluster. Deletion, in M. corallina, of the gene (mibA) predicted to encode the prepropeptide abolished microbisporicin production. Further deletion analysis revealed insights into the biosynthesis of this unusual and potentially clinically useful lantibiotic, shedding light on mechanisms of regulation and self-resistance. In particular, we report an example of the involvement of a tryptophan halogenase in the modification of a ribosomally synthesized peptide and the pathway-specific regulation of an antibiotic biosynthetic gene cluster by an extracytoplasmic function sigma factor-anti-sigma factor complex.	1
Title: Draft Genome Sequence of the Microbispora sp. Strain ATCC-PTA-5024, Producing the Lantibiotic NAI-107 Abstract: We report the draft genome sequence of Microbispora sp. strain ATCC-PTA-5024, a soil isolate that produces NAI-107, a new lantibiotic with the potential to treat life-threatening infections caused by multidrug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens. The draft genome of strain Microbispora sp. ATCC-PTA-5024 consists of 8,543,819 bp, with a 71.2% G+C content and 7,860 protein-coding genes.	1
Title: Characterization of the congeners in the lantibiotic NAI-107 complex Abstract: NAI-107, a lantibiotic produced by Microbispora sp. 107891, shows potent activity against multi-drug-resistant bacterial pathogens. It is produced as a complex of related molecules, which is unusual for ribosomally synthesized peptides. Here we describe the identification, characterization, and antibacterial activity of the congeners produced by Microbispora sp. 107891 and by the related Microbispora corallina NRRL 30420. These molecules differ by the presence of two, one, or zero hydroxyl groups at Pro-14, by the presence of a chlorine at Trp-4, and/or by the presence of a sulfoxide on the thioether of the first lanthionine.	1
Title: Feed-forward regulation of microbisporicin biosynthesis in Microbispora corallina Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized, posttranslationally modified peptide antibiotics. Microbisporicin is a potent lantibiotic produced by the actinomycete Microbispora corallina and contains unique chlorinated tryptophan and dihydroxyproline residues. The biosynthetic gene cluster for microbisporicin encodes several putative regulatory proteins, including, uniquely, an extracytoplasmic function (ECF) σ factor, σ(MibX), a likely cognate anti-σ factor, MibW, and a potential helix-turn-helix DNA binding protein, MibR. Here we examine the roles of these proteins in regulating microbisporicin biosynthesis. S1 nuclease protection assays were used to determine transcriptional start sites in the microbisporicin gene cluster and confirmed the presence of the likely ECF sigma factor -10 and -35 sequences in five out of six promoters. In contrast, the promoter of mibA, encoding the microbisporicin prepropeptide, has a typical Streptomyces vegetative sigma factor consensus sequence. The ECF sigma factor σ(MibX) was shown to interact with the putative anti-sigma factor MibW in Escherichia coli using bacterial two-hybrid analysis. σ(MibX) autoregulates its own expression but does not directly regulate expression of mibA. On the basis of quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR (qRT-PCR) data, we propose a model for the biosynthesis of microbisporicin in which MibR functions as an essential master regulator and the ECF sigma factor/anti-sigma factor pair, σ(MibX)/MibW, induces feed-forward biosynthesis of microbisporicin and producer immunity.	1
Title: The lantibiotic NAI-107 binds to bactoprenol-bound cell wall precursors and impairs membrane functions Abstract: The lantibiotic NAI-107 is active against Gram-positive bacteria including vancomycin-resistant enterococci and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. To identify the molecular basis of its potency, we studied the mode of action in a series of whole cell and in vitro assays and analyzed structural features by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR). The lantibiotic efficiently interfered with late stages of cell wall biosynthesis and induced accumulation of the soluble peptidoglycan precursor UDP-N-acetylmuramic acid-pentapeptide (UDP-MurNAc-pentapeptide) in the cytoplasm. Using membrane preparations and a complete cascade of purified, recombinant late stage peptidoglycan biosynthetic enzymes (MraY, MurG, FemX, PBP2) and their respective purified substrates, we showed that NAI-107 forms complexes with bactoprenol-pyrophosphate-coupled precursors of the bacterial cell wall. Titration experiments indicate that first a 1:1 stoichiometric complex occurs, which then transforms into a 2:1 (peptide: lipid II) complex, when excess peptide is added. Furthermore, lipid II and related molecules obviously could not serve as anchor molecules for the formation of defined and stable nisin-like pores, however, slow membrane depolarization was observed after NAI-107 treatment, which could contribute to killing of the bacterial cell.	1
Title: Purification and structure of mutacin B-Ny266: a new lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus mutans Abstract: Mutacins are bactericidal substances of proteinaceous nature produced by Streptococcus mutans. Lantibiotics are antibacterial substances containing post-translationally modified amino acids such as lanthionine. Mutacin B-Ny266 was purified from the cell pellet of S. mutans strain Ny266 by ethanol extraction at pH 2.0 followed by reversed-phase chromatography (Sep-Pak cartridge) and by HPLC on a C18 column. The mean purification factor was 3240 +/- 81 and the mean yield was 1.0 +/- 0.1%. Molecular mass of mutacin B-Ny266 as determined by mass spectroscopy is 2270.29 +/- 0.21 Da. The amino acid sequence of the purified active fraction was obtained by Edman degradation after treatment with alkaline ethanethiol. Twenty-one amino acids were detected in this analysis. Mutacin B-Ny266 belongs to the type A lantibiotics. The proposed sequence is: F-K-A-W-U-F-A-Abu-P-G-A-A-K-O-G-A-F-N-U-Y-A. The molecule differs from that of epidermin/staphylococcin 1580 and gallidermin at positions 1, 2, 4, 5 and 6.	1
Title: Purification and biochemical characterization of mutacin I from the group I strain of Streptococcus mutans, CH43, and genetic analysis of mutacin I biosynthesis genes Abstract: Previously, we reported isolation and characterization of mutacin III and genetic analysis of mutacin III biosynthesis genes from the group III strain of Streptococcus mutans, UA787 (F. Qi, P. Chen, and P. W. Caufield, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 65:3880-3887, 1999). During the same process of isolating the mutacin III structural gene, we also cloned the structural gene for mutacin I. In this report, we present purification and biochemical characterization of mutacin I from the group I strain CH43 and compare mutacin I and mutacin III biosynthesis genes. The mutacin I biosynthesis gene locus consists of 14 genes in the order mutR, -A, -A', -B, -C, -D, -P, -T, -F, -E, -G, orfX, orfY, orfZ. mutA is the structural gene for mutacin I, while mutA' is not required for mutacin I activity. DNA and protein sequence analysis revealed that mutacins I and III are homologous to each other, possibly arising from a common ancestor. The mature mutacin I is 24 amino acids in size and has a molecular mass of 2, 364 Da. Ethanethiol modification and peptide sequencing of mutacin I revealed that it contains six dehydrated serines, four of which are probably involved with thioether bridge formation. Comparison of the primary sequence of mutacin I with that of mutacin III and epidermin suggests that mutacin I likely has the same bridging pattern as epidermin.	1
Title: Isolation and biochemical characterization of a novel lantibiotic mutacin from Streptococcus mutans Abstract: Certain members of the indigenous biota of humans produce antimicrobial substances called bacteriocins, which inhibit other bacteria, including members of their own species. One of these substances, mutacin, is made by Streptococcus mutans, a member of the oral biota. Mutacin inhibits other mutans streptococci as well as many gram-positive exogenous pathogens. Here, we report for the first time the purification and partial biochemical characterization of a lanthionine-containing mutacin peptide from S. mutants T8. The biologically active peptide was isolated from the broth cultures by ultrafiltration and differential precipitation. The final mutacin preparation was homogeneous as shown by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and N-terminal amino acid sequencing. A molecular mass of the peptide was estimated by electrospray ionization mass spectroscopy to be 3,244.64 +/- 1.15 Da. Its amino acid composition indicates the presence of lanthionine and likely beta-methyllanthionine in a total of about 25 amino acids. Because alpha,beta-unsaturated amino acids, the precursors of lanthionine residues, are often found in lantibiotics, we carried out the addition reaction of the mutacin with N-(methyl)mercaptoacetamide. The subsequent electrospray ionization mass spectroscopy analysis indicated the presence of two reaction products with M(r)s of 3,350.45 and 3,456.0. These are interpreted as the mutacin molecule with the addition of one and two molecules of reagent to the unsaturated amino acids, respectively. Sequencing of the peptide revealed an N-terminal amino acid sequence of Asn-Arg-Trp-Trp-Gln-Gly-Val-Val.	1
Title: Mutacin II, a bactericidal antibiotic from Streptococcus mutans Abstract: Mutacin II is an antibiotic that is produced by group II Streptococcus mutans. It inhibits the growth of other streptococci as well as many other gram-positive microorganisms by a hitherto unknown mechanism. Mutacin II possess bactericidal activity against susceptible cells. It transiently depolarizes the transmembrane electrical potential (delta psi) and the transmembrane pH gradient (delta pH) and partially inhibits amino acid transport. However, it rapidly depletes the intracellular ATP pool in glucose-energized cells and prevents the generation of ATP. It is concluded that mutacin II does not belong to the group of pore-forming antibiotics (type A) or to the type B antibiotics, which inhibit phospholipases or interfere with peptidoglycan biosynthesis. Mutacin II acts by inhibiting essential enzyme functions at the level of metabolic energy generation, an activity that has not yet been classified for antibiotics.	1
Title: Sequence analysis of mutA and mutM genes involved in the biosynthesis of the lantibiotic mutacin II in Streptococcus mutans Abstract: Streptococcus mutans, along with many other gram-positive bacteria produce small antibacterial peptides called bacteriocins. Bacteriocins elaborated by S. mutans, termed mutacins, may provide a selective force necessary for initial or sustained colonization in dental plaque by this major dental pathogen. Previously, we purified and characterized mutacin II, the first lantibiotic found in S. mutans. Specific oligonucleotides designed according to the N-terminal amino acid sequence permitted amplification of 0.7 kb upstream and 2.1 kb downstream of the N-terminus, using single-specific-primer PCR (SSP-PCR). The gene encoding the mutacin II prepeptide, mutA, was subsequently cloned and sequenced. The complete prepeptide consists of 53 amino acids, including the 26 amino acid amphipathic leader peptide with the Gly(-2)-Gly(-1) sequence at the processing site. The prepeptide showed similarity to the lantibiotics lacticin 481, variacin, salivaricin and streptococcin A-FF22. A 3 kb open reading frame immediately downstream of mutA, denoted mutM, showed sequence similarities to LCNDR2 from Lactococcus lactis. By analogy, mutM is probably involved in post-translational modification of the mutacin prepeptide. Gene disruption with an insertional vector pVA891 showed that intact copies of mutA and mutM are required for production of mutacin II.	1
Title: Purification of mutacin III from group III Streptococcus mutans UA787 and genetic analyses of mutacin III biosynthesis genes Abstract: Previously, members of our group reported the isolation and characterization of mutacin II from Streptococcus mutans T8 and the genetic analyses of the mutacin II biosynthesis genes (J. Novak, P. W. Caufield, and E. J. Miller, J. Bacteriol. 176:4316-4320, 1994; F. Qi, P. Chen, and P. W. Caufield, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 65:652-658, 1999; P. Chen, F. Qi, J. Novak, and P. W. Caufield, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 65:1356-1360, 1999). In this study, we cloned and sequenced the mutacin III biosynthesis gene locus from a group III strain of S. mutans, UA787. DNA sequence analysis revealed eight open reading frames, which we designated mutR, -A, -A', -B, -C, -D, -P, and -T. MutR bears strong homology with MutR of mutacin II, while MutA, -B, -C, -D, -P, and -T are counterparts of proteins in the lantibiotic epidermin group. MutA' has 60% amino acid identity with MutA and therefore appears to be a duplicate of MutA. Insertional inactivation demonstrated that mutA is an essential gene for mutacin III production, while mutA' is not required. Mutacin III was purified to homogeneity by using reverse-phase high-pressure liquid chromatography. N-terminal peptide sequencing of the purified mutacin III determined mutA to be the structural gene for prepromutacin III. The molecular mass of the purified peptide was measured by laser disorption mass spectrophotometry and found to be 2,266.43 Da, consistent with our supposition that mutacin III has posttranslational modifications similar to those of the lantibiotic epidermin.	1
Title: Isolation and partial characterization of the Streptococcus mutans type AII lantibiotic mutacin K8 Abstract: Streptococcus mutans strain K8 was shown to produce a newly identified type AII lantibiotic, mutacin K8. The mutacin K8-encoding muk locus consists of 13 ORFs, three of which (mukA1, A2 and A3) have close homology to scnA, the structural gene encoding the Streptococcus pyogenes lantibiotic SA-FF22, and another (mukA') resembles scnA', an ORF in the SA-FF22 locus that has no currently assigned function. Inactivation of the muk locus indicated that mutacin K8 is responsible for most of the inhibitory activity produced by strain K8 in deferred antagonism tests on Columbia blood agar base supplemented with 5 % human blood and 0.1 % CaCO(3). By contrast, on tryptic soy agar plus 2 % yeast extract and 0.5 % CaCO(3) most of the inhibitory activity of strain K8 appeared to be attributable either to mutacin IV or to some other inhibitory peptide(s) exported by the mutacin IV transporter nlmT. An inhibitory peptide purified from a derivative of strain K8 in which nlmT had been inactivated had a mass of 2734 Da and an N-terminal sequence identical to the predicted propeptide translation products of mukA1 and mukA3. The muk locus may be widely distributed in S. mutans, since 9 (35 %) of 26 strains tested contained at least part of the locus. In the genome sequence of strain UA159 the muk locus is incomplete, the sole residual components being the ORFs encoding the putative two-component regulatory system mukR (SMU.1815) and mukK (SMU.1814), followed by two transposases (SMU.1813 and SMU.1812) and then the ORFs mukF (SMU.1811), mukE (SMU.1810) and mukG (SMU.1809), thought to encode putative immunity peptides. Strains such as UA159 having incomplete loci did not produce detectable levels of mutacin K8.	1
Title: Expression of nisin genes in cheese--a quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction approach Abstract: The role of bacteriocins in different environments has not been thoroughly explained, mainly because of the difficulties related to the detection of their production. Nisin, an antimicrobial peptide produced by Lactococcus lactis has a long history of safe use in food products and has been studied from many aspects of genetics, biosynthesis, immunity, regulation, and mode of action. Still, some aspects concerning the dynamics of nisin gene expression remain unknown, especially in complex media like cheese. The main objective of the present study was to quantify in a cheese-like medium the expression of nisin genes in L. lactis M78, a well-characterized nisin A producer isolated from raw milk. The expression of all 11 genes involved in nisin biosynthesis was evaluated during cheese production by real-time reverse transcription-PCR. Total RNA was extracted from cheeses using a direct extraction method without prior separation of microbial cells. The M78 strain grew well in experimental cheeses, producing detectable amounts of nisin after 4 h of fermentation. The presence of nisin as an activator modified both the expression of nisin genes and the accumulation of active nisin. Four groups could be distinguished based on gene expression as a function of time: nisA, nisFEG, nisRK and nisBTCIP. Based on nisin-producing strain growth, nisin activity, function of nisin genes, and their location, correlations were established that contribute to the explanation of regulation of nisin biosynthesis and immunity. This study is the first in which the evolution of bacteriocin gene transcripts has been quantified rigorously in a cheese-like medium.	1
Title: Biosynthetic characterization and biochemical features of the third natural nisin variant, nisin Q, produced by Lactococcus lactis 61-14 Abstract: Aims:                       To characterize the genetic and biochemical features of nisin Q.                  Methods and results:                       The nisin Q gene cluster was sequenced, and 11 putative orfs having 82% homology with the nisin A biosynthesis gene cluster were identified. Nisin Q production was confirmed from the nisQ-introduced nisin Z producer. In the reporter assay, nisin Q exhibited an induction level that was threefold lower than that of nisin A. Nisin Q demonstrated an antimicrobial spectrum similar to those of the other nisins. Under oxidizing conditions, nisin Q retained a higher level of activity than nisin A. This higher oxidative tolerance could be attributed to the presence of only one methionine residue in nisin Q, in contrast to other nisins that contain two.                  Conclusions:                       The 11 orfs of the nisin producers were identical with regard to their functions. The antimicrobial spectra of the three natural nisins were similar. Nisin Q demonstrated higher oxidative tolerance than nisin A.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Genetic and biochemical features of nisin Q are similar to those of other variants. Moreover, owing to its higher oxidative tolerance, nisin Q is a potential alternative for nisin A.	1
Title: Molecular and genetic characterization of a novel nisin variant produced by Streptococcus uberis Abstract: Streptococcus uberis is one of the principal causative agents of bovine mastitis. In this study, we report that S. uberis strain 42 produces a lantibiotic, nisin U, which is 78% identical (82% similar) to nisin A from Lactococcus lactis. The 15.6-kb nisin U locus comprises 11 open reading frames, similar in putative functionality but differing in arrangement from that of the nisin A biosynthetic cluster. The nisin U producer strain exhibits specific resistance (immunity) to nisin U and cross-resistance to nisin A, a finding consistent with the 55% sequence similarity of their respective immunity peptides. Homologues of the nisin U structural gene were identified in several additional S. uberis strains, and in each case cross-protective immunity was expressed to nisin A and to the other producers of nisin U and its variants. To our knowledge, this is the first report both of characterization of a bacteriocin by S. uberis, as well as of a member of the nisin family of peptides in a species other than L. lactis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the lantibiotic nisin: genomic organization and membrane localization of the NisB protein Abstract: Nisin produced by Lactococcus lactis 6F3 is used as a food preservative and is the most important member of a group of peptide-antibiotics containing lanthionine bridges (lantibiotics) (N. Schnell, K.-D. Entian, U. Schneider, F. Götz, H. Zähner, R. Kellner, and G. Jung, Nature [London] 333:276-278, 1988). Nisin is ribosomally synthesized, and its structural gene, nisA, encodes a prepeptide that is posttranslationally modified, revealing the active lantibiotic (C. Kaletta and K.-D. Entian, J. Bacteriol. 171:1597-1601, 1989). Adjacent to nisA, the additional genes nisB, nisT, and nisC were identified. Over their entire sequences, these genes were homologous to genes recently identified as important for the biosynthesis of lantibiotics, that is, subtilin from Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633 and epidermin from Staphylococcus epidermidis Tü 3298. Genes nisB, nisT, and nisC corresponded to open reading frames of 993, 600, and 418 amino acid residues, respectively. The nisT open reading frame is homologous to proteins of the HlyB (hemolysin B protein of Escherichia coli) subfamily. Proteins of this subfamily are responsible for the secretion of a variety of compounds, including large polypeptides, polysaccharides, and anti-drug tumors, indicating that NisT may be involved in nisin transport. Northern (RNA) blot analysis revealed a 0.3-kb transcript for the nisA structural gene, and the transcriptional start point of the nisA gene was determined by primer extension. Additionally, a mRNA of at least 3 kb was identified by using a hybridization probe specific to nisB. Antibodies were raised against the NisB protein, and Western blot (immunoblot) analysis revealed a molecular weight of about 115 kDa, which is in accordance with the theoretical protein size of 117.5 kDa as calculated from the nisB open reading frame. Several amphipathic transmembrane alpha-helices indicated that NisB is associated with the membrane. This was confirmed by preparing L. lactis vesicles. The NisB protein was tightly associated with the vesicle fraction and was released by sodium dodecyl sulfate treatment only. These results suggest that NisB is membrane associated and that nisin biosynthesis occurs at the cell membrane.	1
Title: The codon usage of the nisZ operon in Lactococcus lactis N8 suggests a non-lactococcal origin of the conjugative nisin-sucrose transposon Abstract: An 11.6 kb area downstream from the structural gene of nisin Z in the conjugative nisin-sucrose transposon of Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis N8 was cloned and sequenced. Analysis of the sequence revealed eight open reading frames, nisZBTClPRK, followed by a putative rho-independent terminator (delta G degrees = -4.7 kcal/mol). The C-terminal hydrophilic domain of the NisK protein is homologous to the C-termini of several histidine kinases of bacterial two-component regulator systems, such as SpaK from Bacillus subtilis and KdpD and RcsC of Escherichia coli. The nisin Z biosynthetic genes were highly similar with the genes of the nisin A operons having, however, a 0-3% difference in the amino acid sequences of the individual proteins. The codon usage of eleven genes within the same conjugative transposon was calculated and found to be strikingly different from that of other lactococcal genes. This, together with the low GC-content (32%) compared to the 38% (G+C) of the lactococcal chromosome in general strongly suggests a non-lactococcal origin of this transposon.	1
Title: A novel lantibiotic, nukacin ISK-1, of Staphylococcus warneri ISK-1: cloning of the structural gene and identification of the structure Abstract: Staphylococcus warneri ISK-1, which we had previously reported as Pediococcus sp. ISK-1, produces a novel bacteriocin, nukacin ISK-1. Edman degradation of the chemically reduced nukacin ISK-1 produced a sequence of 27 amino acids, 7 of which were unidentified. Using single-specific-primer-PCR product as a probe, a 3.6-kb HindIII fragment containing the nukacin ISK-1 structural gene (nukA) was cloned and sequenced. The deduced amino acid sequence of nukacin ISK-1 had 57 amino acids, including a 30-amino acid leader region. The propeptide sequence showed significant similarity to those of lacticin-481 type lantibiotics. In the region upstream of nukA, a part of a long open reading frame (ORF), designated as nukM, encoding a putative modification enzyme was oriented in the opposite direction. In the region downstream of nukA, ORF1 was found in which the sequence of the putative translational product was similar to various response regulatory proteins.	1
Title: Heterologous expression and functional analysis of the gene cluster for the biosynthesis of and immunity to the lantibiotic, nukacin ISK-1 Abstract: Nukacin ISK-1 is a lantibiotic produced by Staphylococcus warneri ISK-1. The gene cluster of nukacin ISK-1 consists of at least nukAMTFEG, ORF1 and ORF7. In this study, we demonstrated the heterologous production of nukacin ISK-1 in Lactococcus lactis by the artificial polycistronic expression of nukAMTFEG-ORF7 under the control of the nisin-controlled expression (NICE) system. Consequently, the recombinant L. lactis showed antimicrobial activity. Mass analysis clarified the presence of nukacin ISK-1 produced in the culture supernatant. These results suggested that the recombinant L. lactis produced nukacin ISK-1 heterologously. Inactivation of nukA, -M or -T resulted in the complete loss of the nukacin ISK-1 production phenotype. This finding suggested that nukAMT are indispensably associated with the biosynthesis of nukacin ISK-1. To our knowledge, this is the first report of the heterologous production of lantibiotic using the NICE system.	1
Title: Characterization of a gene cluster of Staphylococcus warneri ISK-1 encoding the biosynthesis of and immunity to the lantibiotic, nukacin ISK-1 Abstract: We characterized a gene cluster in a plasmid designated pPI-1 of Staphylococcus warneri ISK-1 encoding the biosynthesis of and immunity to the lacticin-481 type lantibiotic, nukacin ISK-1. The DNA sequence suggested that the nukacin ISK-1 gene cluster consists of at least six genes, nukA (a structural gene), -M, -T, -F, -E, -G, and two open reading frames, ORF1 and ORF7. NukM and NukT were predicted to be involved in post-translational modification and secretion of nukacin ISK-1 respectively. NukF, -E, and -G were predicted to form a membrane complex which contributes to self-protection from nukacin ISK-1. Transcriptional analyses revealed that nukM through ORF7 comprises an operon, and that ORF1 is transcribed independently from downstream of nukA. The transcriptional levels of the nukA and nukM genes were enhanced by osmotic stress. The expression level of the nukA transcript was scarcely enhanced by nukacin ISK-1, suggesting that expression is not under the control of the autoregulatory circuit.	1
Title: Isolation and identification of a Paenibacillus polymyxa strain that coproduces a novel lantibiotic and polymyxin Abstract: A new bacterial strain, displaying potent antimicrobial properties against gram-negative and gram-positive pathogenic bacteria, was isolated from food. Based on its phenotypical and biochemical properties as well as its 16S rRNA gene sequence, the bacterium was identified as Paenibacillus polymyxa and it was designated as strain OSY-DF. The antimicrobials produced by this strain were isolated from the fermentation broth and subsequently analyzed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Two antimicrobials were found: a known antibiotic, polymyxin E1, which is active against gram-negative bacteria, and an unknown 2,983-Da compound showing activity against gram-positive bacteria. The latter was purified to homogeneity, and its antimicrobial potency and proteinaceous nature were confirmed. The antimicrobial peptide, designated paenibacillin, is active against a broad range of food-borne pathogenic and spoilage bacteria, including Bacillus spp., Clostridium sporogenes, Lactobacillus spp., Lactococcus lactis, Leuconostoc mesenteroides, Listeria spp., Pediococcus cerevisiae, Staphylococcus aureus, and Streptococcus agalactiae. Furthermore, it possesses the physico-chemical properties of an ideal antimicrobial agent in terms of water solubility, thermal resistance, and stability against acid/alkali (pH 2.0 to 9.0) treatment. Edman degradation, mass spectroscopy, and nuclear magnetic resonance were used to sequence native and chemically modified paenibacillin. While details of the tentative sequence need to be elucidated in future work, the peptide was unequivocally characterized as a novel lantibiotic, with a high degree of posttranslational modifications. The coproduction of polymyxin E1 and a lantibiotic is a finding that has not been reported earlier. The new strain and associated peptide are potentially useful in food and medical applications.	1
Title: Structural characterization of the highly cyclized lantibiotic paenicidin A via a partial desulfurization/reduction strategy Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized antimicrobial peptides produced by bacteria that are increasingly of interest for food preservation and possible therapeutic uses. These peptides are extensively post-translationally modified, and are characterized by lanthionine and methyllanthionine thioether cross-links. Paenibacillus polymyxa NRRL B-30509 was found to produce polymyxins and tridecaptins, in addition to a novel lantibiotic termed paenicidin A. A bacteriocin termed SRCAM 602 previously reported to be produced by this organism and claimed to be responsible for inhibition of Campylobacter jejuni could not be detected either directly or by genomic analysis. The connectivities of the thioether cross-links of paenicidin A were solved using a novel partial desulfurization/reduction strategy in combination with tandem mass spectrometry. This approach overcame the limitations of NMR-based structural characterization that proved mostly unsuccessful for this peptide. Paenicidin A is a highly cyclized lantibiotic, containing six lanthionine and methyllanthionine rings, three of which are interlocking.	1
Title: Nucleotide sequence of the lantibiotic Pep5 biosynthetic gene cluster and functional analysis of PepP and PepC. Evidence for a role of PepC in thioether formation Abstract: The biosynthesis of Pep5, a lanthionine-containing antimicrobial peptide, is directed by the 20-kbp plasmid pED503. We identified a 7.9-kbp DNA-fragment within this plasmid which covers the information for Pep5 synthesis in the homologous host Staphylococcus epidermidis 5 which has been cured of pED503. This fragment contained, in addition to the previously described structural gene pepA and the immunity gene pepI [Reis, M., Eschbach-Bludau, M., Iglesias-Wind, M. I., Kupke, T. & Sahl, H.-G. (1994) Appl. Env. Microbiol. 60, 2876-2883], a gene pepT coding for a translocator of the ABC transporter family, a gene pepP coding for a serine protease and two genes pepB and pepC coding for putative modification enzymes; the gene arrangement is pepTIAPBC. We analyzed the biosynthetic genes with respect to their function in Pep5 biosynthesis. Deletion of PepT reduced Pep5 production to about 10%, indicating that it can be partially replaced by other host-encoded translocators. Inactivation of PepP by site-directed mutagenesis of the active-site His residue resulted in production of incorrectly processed Pep5 fragments with strongly reduced antimicrobial activity. Deletion of pepB and pepC leads to accumulation of Pep5 prepeptide in the cells without excretion of processed peptide. A pepC-deletion clone did not excrete correctly matured Pep5 but it did produce fragments from which serine and threonine were absent. Only one of these fragments contained a single lanthionine residue out of three expected while the remaining, unmodified cysteine residues could be detected by reaction with Ellman's reagent. These results demonstrate that PepC is a thioether-forming protein and strongly suggest that PepB is responsible for dehydration of serine and threonine.	1
Title: Cloning and analysis of the planosporicin lantibiotic biosynthetic gene cluster of Planomonospora alba Abstract: The increasing prevalence of antibiotic resistance in bacterial pathogens has renewed focus on natural products with antimicrobial properties. Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized peptide antibiotics that are posttranslationally modified to introduce (methyl)lanthionine bridges. Actinomycetes are renowned for their ability to produce a large variety of antibiotics, many with clinical applications, but are known to make only a few lantibiotics. One such compound is planosporicin produced by Planomonospora alba, which inhibits cell wall biosynthesis in Gram-positive pathogens. Planosporicin is a type AI lantibiotic structurally similar to those which bind lipid II, the immediate precursor for cell wall biosynthesis. The gene cluster responsible for planosporicin biosynthesis was identified by genome mining and subsequently isolated from a P. alba cosmid library. A minimal cluster of 15 genes sufficient for planosporicin production was defined by heterologous expression in Nonomuraea sp. strain ATCC 39727, while deletion of the gene encoding the precursor peptide from P. alba, which abolished planosporicin production, was also used to confirm the identity of the gene cluster. Deletion of genes encoding likely biosynthetic enzymes identified through bioinformatic analysis revealed that they, too, are essential for planosporicin production in the native host. Reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR) analysis indicated that the planosporicin gene cluster is transcribed in three operons. Expression of one of these, pspEF, which encodes an ABC transporter, in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) conferred some degree of planosporicin resistance on the heterologous host. The inability to delete these genes from P. alba suggests that they play an essential role in immunity in the natural producer.	1
Title: The antibiotic planosporicin coordinates its own production in the actinomycete Planomonospora alba Abstract: Planosporicin is a ribosomally synthesized, posttranslationally modified peptide lantibiotic produced by the actinomycete Planomonospora alba. It contains one methyl-lanthionine and four lanthionine bridges and inhibits cell wall biosynthesis in other Gram-positive bacteria probably by binding to lipid II, the immediate precursor for cell wall biosynthesis. Planosporicin production, which is encoded by a cluster of 15 genes, is confined to stationary phase in liquid culture and to the onset of morphological differentiation when P. alba is grown on agar. This growth phase-dependent gene expression is controlled transcriptionally by three pathway-specific regulatory proteins: an extracytoplasmic function σ factor (PspX), its cognate anti-σ factor (PspW), and a transcriptional activator (PspR) with a C-terminal helix-turn-helix DNA-binding domain. Using mutational analysis, S1 nuclease mapping, quantitative RT-PCR, and transcriptional fusions, we have determined the direct regulatory dependencies within the planosporicin gene cluster and present a model in which subinhibitory concentrations of the lantibiotic function in a feed-forward mechanism to elicit high levels of planosporicin production. We show that in addition to acting as an antibiotic, planosporicin can function as an extracellular signaling molecule to elicit precocious production of the lantibiotic, presumably ensuring synchronous and concerted lantibiotic biosynthesis in the wider population and, thus, the production of ecologically effective concentrations of the antibiotic.	1
Title: A novel lantibiotic acting on bacterial cell wall synthesis produced by the uncommon actinomycete Planomonospora sp Abstract: Important classes of antibiotics acting on bacterial cell wall biosynthesis, such as beta-lactams and glycopeptides, are used extensively in therapy and are now faced with a challenge because of the progressive spread of resistant pathogens. A discovery program was devised to target novel peptidoglycan biosynthesis inhibitors capable of overcoming these resistance mechanisms. The microbial products were first screened according to their differential activity against Staphylococcus aureus and its L-form. Then, activities insensitive to the addition of a beta-lactamase cocktail or d-alanyl-d-alanine affinity resin were selected. Thirty-five lantibiotics were identified from a library of broth extracts produced by 40,000 uncommon actinomycetes. Five of them showed structural characteristics that did not match with any known microbial metabolite. In this study, we report on the production, structure determination, and biological activity of one of these novel lantibiotics, namely, planosporicin, which is produced by the uncommon actinomycete Planomonospora sp. Planosporicin is a 2194 Da polypeptide originating from 24 proteinogenic amino acids. It contains lanthionine and methyllanthionine amino acids generating five intramolecular thioether bridges. Planosporicin selectively blocks peptidoglycan biosynthesis and causes accumulation of UDP-linked peptidoglycan precursors in growing bacterial cells. On the basis of its mode of action and globular structure, planosporicin can be assigned to the mersacidin (20 amino acids, 1825 Da) and the actagardine (19 amino acids, 1890 Da) subgroup of type B lantibiotics. Considering its spectrum of activity against Gram-positive pathogens of medical importance, including multi-resistant clinical isolates, and its efficacy in vivo, planosporicin represents a potentially new antibiotic to treat emerging pathogens.	1
Title: Trypsin mediates growth phase-dependent transcriptional tegulation of genes involved in biosynthesis of ruminococcin A, a lantibiotic produced by a Ruminococcus gnavus strain from a human intestinal microbiota Abstract: Ruminococcin A (RumA) is a trypsin-dependent lantibiotic produced by Ruminococcus gnavus E1, a gram-positive strict anaerobic strain isolated from a human intestinal microbiota. A 12.8-kb region from R. gnavus E1 chromosome, containing the biosynthetic gene cluster of RumA, has been cloned and sequenced. It consisted of 13 open reading frames, organized in three operons with predicted functions in lantibiotic biosynthesis, signal transduction regulation, and immunity. One unusual feature of the locus is the presence of three almost identical structural genes, all of them encoding the RumA precursor. In order to determine the role of trypsin in RumA production, the transcription of the rum genes has been investigated under inducing and noninducing conditions. Trypsin activity is needed for the growth phase-dependent transcriptional activation of RumA operons. Our results suggest that bacteriocin production by R. gnavus E1 is controlled through a complex signaling mechanism involving the proteolytic processing of a putative extracellular inducer-peptide by trypsin, a specific environmental cue of the digestive ecosystem.	1
Title: A mass spectrometry-guided genome mining approach for natural product peptidogenomics Abstract: Peptide natural products show broad biological properties and are commonly produced by orthogonal ribosomal and nonribosomal pathways in prokaryotes and eukaryotes. To harvest this large and diverse resource of bioactive molecules, we introduce here natural product peptidogenomics (NPP), a new MS-guided genome-mining method that connects the chemotypes of peptide natural products to their biosynthetic gene clusters by iteratively matching de novo tandem MS (MS(n)) structures to genomics-based structures following biosynthetic logic. In this study, we show that NPP enabled the rapid characterization of over ten chemically diverse ribosomal and nonribosomal peptide natural products of previously unidentified composition from Streptomycete bacteria as a proof of concept to begin automating the genome-mining process. We show the identification of lantipeptides, lasso peptides, linardins, formylated peptides and lipopeptides, many of which are from well-characterized model Streptomycetes, highlighting the power of NPP in the discovery of new peptide natural products from even intensely studied organisms.	1
Title: Salivaricin 9, a new lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus salivarius Abstract: Salivaricin 9 (Sal9) is a 2560 Da lantibiotic having just 46 % amino acid identity with its closest known homologue, the Streptococcus pyogenes lantibiotic SA-FF22. The Sal9 locus (designated siv) in Streptococcus salivarius strain 9 was partially sequenced and localized to an approximately 170 kb megaplasmid, which also harbours the locus for the lantibiotic salivaricin A4. The entire locus was fully characterized in the draft genome sequence of S. salivarius strain JIM8780 and shown to consist of eight genes, having the following putative functions: sivK, sensor kinase; sivR, response regulator; sivA, Sal9 precursor peptide; sivM, lantibiotic modification enzyme; sivT, ABC transporter involved in the export of Sal9 and concomitant cleavage of its leader peptide; and sivFEG, encoding lantibiotic self-immunity. Intriguingly, in contrast to strain 9, the siv locus was chromosomally located in strain JIM8780--the first lantibiotic locus shown not to be exclusively plasmid-associated in S. salivarius. Sal9-containing extracts specifically induced lantibiotic production in both strain 9 and strain JIM8780, indicating that Sal9 functions as a signal peptide for upregulation of its own biosynthesis. Screening representative strains of three streptococcal species (S. salivarius, S. pyogenes and S. mitis) for sivA indicated that it was present only in S. salivarius, with 12 of 28 tested S. salivarius positive. Since Sal9 was inhibitory to all tested S. pyogenes strains it appears to have potential as an important component of the bacteriocin armoury of S. salivarius probiotics intended to control S. pyogenes infections of the human oral cavity.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the lantibiotic salivaricin A and its structural gene salA from Streptococcus salivarius 20P3 Abstract: A bacteriocin-like inhibitory substance, salivaricin A, was purified from cultures of Streptococcus salivarius 20P3 and was shown by ion spray mass spectrometry to have a molecular mass of 2,315 +/- 1.1 Da. Amino acid composition analysis demonstrated the presence of lanthionine, indicating that salivaricin A may be a member of the lantibiotic class of antibiotic substances. The sequence of eight amino acids at the N terminus of the molecule was determined by Edman degradation, and mixed oligonucleotide probes based on part of this sequence (GSGWIA) were used to detect the salivaricin A structural gene. A 6.2-kb EcoRI fragment of chromosomal DNA from strain 20P3 that hybridized with the probes was cloned, and the hybridizing region was further localized to a 379-bp DraI-AluI fragment. Analysis of the nucleotide sequence of this fragment indicated that salivaricin A is synthesized as a 51-amino-acid prepeptide that is posttranslationally modified and cleaved to give a biologically active 22-residue peptide containing one lanthionine and two beta-methyllanthionine residues. The secondary structure of presalivaricin A was predicted to be similar to that of type A lantibiotics, with a hydrophilic alpha-helical leader sequence and a propeptide region with potential for beta-turn formation and a lack of alpha-helicity. The sequence around the cleavage site of presalivaricin A differed from that of other type A lantibiotics but was similar to that of several bacteriocin-like inhibitory substances produced by lactic acid bacteria.	1
Title: Salivaricin D, a novel intrinsically trypsin-resistant lantibiotic from Streptococcus salivarius 5M6c isolated from a healthy infant Abstract: In this work, we purified and characterized a newly identified lantibiotic (salivaricin D) from Streptococcus salivarius 5M6c. Salivaricin D is a 34-amino-acid-residue peptide (3,467.55 Da); the locus of the gene encoding this peptide is a 16.5-kb DNA segment which contains genes encoding the precursor of two lantibiotics, two modification enzymes (dehydratase and cyclase), an ABC transporter, a serine-like protease, immunity proteins (lipoprotein and ABC transporters), a response regulator, and a sensor histidine kinase. The immunity gene (salI) was heterologously expressed in a sensitive indicator and provided significant protection against salivaricin D, confirming its immunity function. Salivaricin D is a naturally trypsin-resistant lantibiotic that is similar to nisin-like lantibiotics. It is a relatively broad-spectrum bacteriocin that inhibits members of many genera of Gram-positive bacteria, including the important human pathogens Streptococcus pyogenes and Streptococcus pneumoniae. Thus, Streptococcus salivarius 5M6c may be a potential biological agent for the control of oronasopharynx-colonizing streptococcal pathogens or may be used as a probiotic bacterium.	1
Title: Salivaricin G32, a Homolog of the Prototype Streptococcus pyogenes Nisin-Like Lantibiotic SA-FF22, Produced by the Commensal Species Streptococcus salivarius Abstract: Salivaricin G32, a 2667 Da novel member of the SA-FF22 cluster of lantibiotics, has been purified and characterized from Streptococcus salivarius strain G32. The inhibitory peptide differs from the Streptococcus pyogenes-produced SA-FF22 in the absence of lysine in position 2. The salivaricin G32 locus was widely distributed in BLIS-producing S. salivarius, with 6 (23%) of 26 strains PCR-positive for the structural gene, slnA. As for most other lantibiotics produced by S. salivarius, the salivaricin G32 locus can be megaplasmid encoded. Another member of the SA-FF22 family was detected in two Streptococcus dysgalactiae of bovine origin, an observation supportive of widespread distribution of this lantibiotic within the genus Streptococcus. Since the inhibitory spectrum of salivaricin G32 includes Streptococcus pyogenes, its production by S. salivarius, either as a member of the normal oral microflora or as a commercial probiotic, could serve to enhance protection of the human host against S. pyogenes infection.	1
Title: The SapB morphogen is a lantibiotic-like peptide derived from the product of the developmental gene ramS in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: SapB is a morphogenetic peptide that is important for aerial mycelium formation by the filamentous bacterium Streptomyces coelicolor. Production of SapB commences during aerial mycelium formation and depends on most of the genes known to be required for the morphogenesis of aerial hyphae. Furthermore, the application of purified SapB to mutants blocked in morphogenesis restores their capacity to form aerial hyphae. Here, we present evidence that SapB is a lantibiotic-like peptide that is derived by posttranslational modification from the product of a gene (ramS) in the four-gene ram operon, which is under the control of the regulatory gene ramR. We show that the product of another gene in the operon (ramC) contains a region that is similar to enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of lantibiotics, suggesting that it might be involved in the posttranslational processing of RamS. We conclude that SapB is derived from RamS through proteolytic cleavage and the introduction of four dehydroalanine residues and two lanthionine bridges. We provide an example of a morphogenetic role for an antibiotic-like molecule.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of a unique bacteriocin, Smb, produced by Streptococcus mutans GS5 Abstract: A dipeptide lantibiotic, named Smb, in Streptococcus mutans GS5 was characterized by molecular genetic approaches. The Smb biosynthesis gene locus is encoded by a 9.5-kb region of chromosomal DNA and consists of seven genes in the order smbM1, -T, -F, -M2, -G, -A, -B. This operon is not present in some other strains of S. mutans, including strain UA159. The genes encoding Smb were identified as smbA and smbB. Inactivation of smbM1, smbA, or smbB attenuated the inhibition of the growth of the indicator strain RP66, confirming an essential role for these genes in Smb expression. Mature Smb likely consists of the 30-amino-acid SmbA together with the 32-amino-acid SmbB. SmbA exhibited similarity with the mature lantibiotic lacticinA2 from Lactococcus lactis, while SmbB was similar to the mersacidin-like peptides from Bacillus halodurans and L. lactis. We also demonstrated that Smb expression is induced by the competence-stimulating peptide (CSP) and that a com box-like sequence is located in the smb promoter region. These results suggest that Smb belongs to the class I bacteriocin family, and its expression is dependent on CSP-induced quorum sensing.	1
Title: Identification of genes encoding two-component lantibiotic production in Staphylococcus aureus C55 and other phage group II S. aureus strains and demonstration of an association with the exfoliative toxin B gene Abstract: The production of exfoliative toxin B (ET-B), but not ET-A, was shown to be specifically associated with production of a highly conserved two-component lantibiotic peptide system in phage group II Staphylococcus aureus. Two previously studied but incompletely characterized S. aureus bacteriocins, staphylococcins C55 and BacR1, were found to be members of this lantibiotic system, and considerable homology was also found with the two-component Lactococcus lactis bacteriocin, lacticin 3147. sacalphaA and sacbetaA, the structural genes of the lantibiotics staphylococcins C55alpha and C55beta and two putative lantibiotic processing genes, sacM1 and sacT, were localized together with the ET-B structural gene to a single 32-kb plasmid in strain C55. Irreversible loss of both ET-B and two-component lantibiotic production occurs during laboratory passage of ET-B-positive S. aureus strains, particularly at elevated temperatures.	1
Title: New gene cluster for lantibiotic streptin possibly involved in streptolysin S formation Abstract: Streptolysin S (SLS) is a serum-extractable and oxygen-stable hemolysin produced by Group A Streptococcus. A SLS-deficient mutant in which transposon Tn 916 was inserted in a locus distinct from the sag gene cluster [Nizet et al. (2000) Infect. Immun. 68, 4245-4254] was obtained by filter mating of the transposon-harbouring Enterococcus faecalis strain and Streptococcus pyogenes BL(T). This mutant, N22, had completely lost the hemolytic activity, in consequence of insertion of a single Tn 916 into a hitherto-unknown lantibiotic gene cluster composed of 10 open reading frames. The arrangement and sequence of this lantibiotic gene cluster were similar to those of nisin and subtilin, and so we designated this new lantibiotic as streptin. The bactericidal activity of streptin was abolished on treatment with trypsin or proteinase K. The different host range and nucleotide sequence clearly distinguished streptin from streptococcins. Streptin was not hemolytic and its bacteriocin activity was independent of carrier oligonucleotides effective for SLS. The fact that N22 also lost the anti-bacterial activity against indicator streptococci reveals that the factor(s) required for lantibiotic formation plays an important role in SLS formation as well.	1
Title: Cloning of the gene encoding Streptococcin A-FF22, a novel lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus pyogenes, and determination of its nucleotide sequence Abstract: Streptococcin A-FF22 (SA-FF22) is a lantibiotic produced by Streptococcus pyogenes FF22. The nucleotide sequence of the SA-FF22 structural gene (scnA) was determined and shown to encode a 51-amino-acid prepeptide. The proteolytic processing site of the SA-FF22 prepeptide differs from that which characterizes other type A lantibiotics.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the structural and transporter genes for, and the chemical and biological properties of, sublancin 168, a novel lantibiotic produced by Bacillus subtilis 168 Abstract: An antimicrobial peptide produced by Bacillus subtilis 168 was isolated and characterized. It was named sublancin 168, and its behavior during Edman sequence analysis and its NMR spectrum suggested that sublancin is a dehydroalanine-containing lantibiotic. A hybridization probe based on the peptide sequence was used to clone the presublancin gene, which encoded a 56-residue polypeptide consisting of a 19-residue leader segment and a 37-residue mature segment. The mature segment contained one serine, one threonine, and five cysteine residues. Alkylation of mature sublancin showed no free sulfhydryl groups, suggesting that one sulfydryl had formed a beta-methyllanthionine bridge with a dehydrobutyrine derived by posttranslational modification of threonine; with the other four cysteines forming two disulfide bridges. It is unprecedented for a lantibiotic to contain a disulfide bridge. The sublancin leader was similar to known type AII lantibiotics, containing a double-glycine motif that is typically recognized by dual-function transporters. A protein encoded immediately downstream from the sublancin gene possessed features of a dual-function ABC transporter with a proteolytic domain and an ATP-binding domain. The antimicrobial activity spectrum of sublancin was like other lantibiotics, inhibiting Gram-positive bacteria but not Gram-negative bacteria; and like the lantibiotics nisin and subtilin in its ability to inhibit both bacterial spore outgrowth and vegetative growth. Sublancin is an extraordinarily stable lantibiotic, showing no degradation or inactivation after being stored in aqueous solution at room temperature for 2 years. The fact that sublancin is a natural product of B. subtilis 168, for which a great deal of genetic information is available, including the entire sequence of its genome, suggests that sublancin will be an especially good model for studying the potential of lantibiotics as sources of novel biomaterials.	1
Title: Regulation of synthesis of benzyl alcohol dehydrogenase in Acinetobacter calcoaceticus NCIB8250 Abstract: Specific activity of benzyl alcohol dehydrogenase in carbon-limited continuous cultures was at a maximum at a specific growth rate of 0.2 h-1, but fell off at lower and higher growth rates. The specific activity in nitrogen-limited cultures was always lower and was inversely proportional to growth rate. There was severe repression of benzyl alcohol dehydrogenase during metabolism of L(+)-mandelate or phenylglyoxylate in batch cultures. Synthesis of benzyl alcohol dehydrogenase was followed in experiments where various compounds, including a gratuitous inducer and an anti-inducer of the mandelate enzymes, were added to uninduced or pre-induced cultures and to constitutive and blocked mutants. The results led to the conclusion that there were at least two types of repression. One was caused by phenylglyoxylate carbon-lyase (or a compound synthesized co-ordinately with it), but not by the other mandelate enzymes or by L(+)-mandelate, phenylglyoxylate, benzaldehyde or benzoate. A second type of repression was observed during rapid growth or after the addition of compound such as succinate which are rapidly and completely metabolized.	1
Title: Dual control of subtilin biosynthesis and immunity in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: The production of the peptide antibiotic (lantibiotic) subtilin in Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633 is highly regulated. Transcriptional organization and regulation of the subtilin gene cluster encompassing 11 genes was characterized. Two polycistronic mRNAs encoding transcript spaBTC (6.8 kb) and encoding transcript spaIFEG (3.5 kb) as well as the monocistronic spaS (0.3 kb) mRNA were shown by Northern hybridization. Primer extension experiments and beta-galactosidase fusions confirmed three independent promoter sites preceding genes spaB, spaS and spaI. beta-Galactosidase expression of spaB, spaS and spaI promoter lacZ fusions initiated in mid-exponential growth. Maximal activities were reached at the transition to stationary growth and were collinear with subtilin production. The lacZ activity was dependent on co-expression with the two-component regulatory system spaRK. The presence of subtilin was needed for efficient expression of all three promoter lacZ fusions. This suggests a transcriptional autoregulation according to a quorum-sensing mechanism with subtilin as autoinducer and signal transduction via SpaRK. Additionally, spaR expression was found to be under positive control of the alternative sigma factor H. Deletion of sigma H strongly decreased subtilin production. Full subtilin production could be restored after in-trans complementation of spaR. Deletion of the major B. subtilis transition state regulator AbrB strongly increased subtilin production. These results show that the spaRK two-component regulatory system, and hence subtilin biosynthesis and immunity, is under dual control of two independent regulatory systems: autoinduction via subtilin and transcriptional regulation via sigma factor H.	1
Title: The spa-box for transcriptional activation of subtilin biosynthesis and immunity in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: The subtilin gene cluster (spa) of Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633 is organized in transcriptional units spaBTC, spaS, spaIFEG and spaRK. Specific binding of the response regulator protein SpaR to spaB, spaS and spaI DNA promoter fragments was shown by means of electromobility shift assays. A repeated pentanucleotide sequence spaced by six nucleotides was identified as SpaR binding motif (spa-box). Saturating mutational analysis of the spa-box by single- and multiple-base-pair substitutions revealed the consensus motif (A/T)TGAT for optimal SpaR binding with the second, third and fifth position being absolutely conservative. Variations in the spacer size between the two pentanucleotide repeats revealed a strong conservation of their relative location. Only DNA with a proximal arrangement of two pentanucleotide repeats showed affinity to SpaR. A 2:1 stoichiometry between SpaR and DNA was obtained by optical biosensor analyses, which corresponds to the binding of two SpaR proteins per spa-box.	1
Title: Activation of subtilin precursors by Bacillus subtilis extracellular serine proteases subtilisin (AprE), WprA, and Vpr Abstract: The maturation of the peptide antibiotic (lantibiotic) subtilin in Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633 includes posttranslational modifications of the propeptide and proteolytic cleavage of the leader peptide. To identify subtilin processing activities, we used antimicrobial inactive subtilin precursors consisting of the leader peptide which was still attached to the fully matured propeptide. Two extracellular B. subtilis proteases were able to activate subtilin precursors, the commercially available serine protease prototype subtilisin (AprE) and WprA. The latter was isolated from B. subtilis WB600, a strain deficient in six extracellular proteases. Surprisingly, the aprE wprA double mutant of the ATCC 6633 strain was still able to produce active subtilin, however, with a reduced production rate. No subtilin processing was found within the culture supernatant of the WB800 strain, which is deficient in eight extracellular proteases. Vpr was identified as the third protease capable to process subtilin.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the lantibiotic subtilin is regulated by a histidine kinase/response regulator system Abstract: Subtilin is a lanthionine-containing peptide antibiotic (lantibiotic) which is produced by Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633. Upstream from the structural gene of subtilin, spaS, three genes (spaB, spaT, and spaC) which are involved in the biosynthesis of subtilin have been identified (C. Klein, C. Kaletta, N. Schnell, and K.-D. Entian, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 58:132-142, 1992). By using a hybridization probe specific for these genes, the DNA region downstream from spaS was isolated. Further subcloning revealed a 5.2-kb KpnI-HindIII fragment on which two open reading frames, spaR and spaK, were identified approximately 3 kb downstream from spaS. The spaR gene encodes an open reading frame of 220 amino acids with a predicted molecular mass of 25.6 kDa. SpaR shows 35% similarity to positive regulatory factors OmpR and PhoB. The spaK gene encodes an open reading frame of 387 amino acids with a predicted molecular mass of 44.6 kDa and was highly similar to histidine kinases previously described (PhoM, PhoR, and NtrB). Hydrophobicity blots suggested two membrane-spanning regions. Thus, spaR and spaK belong to a recently identified family of environmentally responsive regulators. These results indicated a regulatory function of spaR and spaK in subtilin biosynthesis. Indeed, batch culture experiments confirmed the regulation of subtilin biosynthesis starting in the mid-logarithmic growth phase and reaching its maximum in the early stationary growth phase. Gene deletions within spaR and spaK yielded subtilin-negative mutants, which confirms that subtilin biosynthesis is under the control of a two-component regulatory system.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)	1
Title: Analysis of genes involved in biosynthesis of the lantibiotic subtilin Abstract: Lantibiotics are peptide-derived antibiotics with high antimicrobial activity against pathogenic gram-positive bacteria. They are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified (N. Schnell, K.-D. Entian, U. Schneider, F. Götz, H. Zähner, R. Kellner, and G. Jung, Nature [London] 333:276-278, 1988). The most important lantibiotics are subtilin and the food preservative nisin, which both have a very similar structure. By using a hybridization probe specific for the structural gene of subtilin, spaS, the DNA region adjacent to spaS was isolated from Bacillus subtilis. Sequence analysis of a 4.9-kb fragment revealed several open reading frames with the same orientation as spaS. Downstream of spaS, no reading frames were present on the isolated XbaI fragment. Upstream of spaS, three reading frames, spaB, spaC, and spaT, were identified which showed strong homology to genes identified near the structural gene of the lantibiotic epidermin. The SpaT protein derived from the spaT sequence was homologous to hemolysin B of Escherichia coli, which indicated its possible function in subtilin transport. Gene deletions within spaB and spaC revealed subtilin-negative mutants, whereas spaT gene disruption mutants still produced subtilin. Remarkably, the spaT mutant colonies revealed a clumpy surface morphology on solid media. After growth on liquid media, spaT mutant cells agglutinated in the mid-logarithmic growth phase, forming longitudinal 3- to 10-fold-enlarged cells which aggregated. Aggregate formation preceded subtilin production and cells lost their viability, possibly as a result of intracellular subtilin accumulation. Our results clearly proved that reading frames spaB and spaC are essential for subtilin biosynthesis whereas spaT mutants are probably deficient in subtilin transport.	1
Title: Genes involved in self-protection against the lantibiotic subtilin produced by Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633 Abstract: Subtilin is a ribosomally synthesized peptide antibiotic produced by Bacillus subtilis ATCC 6633. Recently, we reported regarding genes spaB, spaT, and spaC (C. Klein, C. Kaletta, N. Schnell, and K.-D. Entian, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 58:132-142, 1992) which are involved in the biosynthesis of subtilin, and genes spaR and spaK (C. Klein, C. Kaletta, and K.-D. Entian, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 59:296-303, 1993), which regulate subtilin biosynthesis via a histidine kinase/response regulator system. Further sequence analysis revealed the presence of three additional open reading frames, spaI, spaF, and spaG, downstream of the structural gene spaS. The spaI gene encodes a hydrophilic 19.3-kDa lipoprotein containing a consensus signal sequence, indicating that this protein might be membrane anchored. A similar gene, nisI, has been identified in the nisin producer. SpaF shows strong homology to members of the family of ABC transporters. spaG encodes a hydrophobic protein which might form the active transporter together with SpaF. Gene disruption mutants in all three genes were still able to produce subtilin; however, these mutants were more sensitive to subtilin than the wild-type strain. These results show that these genes are involved in the immunity mechanism of the producer strain. A similar involvement of an ABC transporter in the self-protection mechanism has been described for the McbE and McbF transporter, which confers immunity against microcin B17 in Escherichia coli. Mutants containing mutations in the genes spaR and spaK, which are responsible for regulation of subtilin biosynthesis, also became more sensitive to subtilin.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)	1
Title: Subtilomycin: a new lantibiotic from Bacillus subtilis strain MMA7 isolated from the marine sponge Haliclona simulans Abstract: Bacteriocins are attracting increased attention as an alternative to classic antibiotics in the fight against infectious disease and multidrug resistant pathogens. Bacillus subtilis strain MMA7 isolated from the marine sponge Haliclona simulans displays a broad spectrum antimicrobial activity, which includes Gram-positive and Gram-negative pathogens, as well as several pathogenic Candida species. This activity is in part associated with a newly identified lantibiotic, herein named as subtilomycin. The proposed biosynthetic cluster is composed of six genes, including protein-coding genes for LanB-like dehydratase and LanC-like cyclase modification enzymes, characteristic of the class I lantibiotics. The subtilomycin biosynthetic cluster in B. subtilis strain MMA7 is found in place of the sporulation killing factor (skf) operon, reported in many B. subtilis isolates and involved in a bacterial cannibalistic behaviour intended to delay sporulation. The presence of the subtilomycin biosynthetic cluster appears to be widespread amongst B. subtilis strains isolated from different shallow and deep water marine sponges. Subtilomycin possesses several desirable industrial and pharmaceutical physicochemical properties, including activity over a wide pH range, thermal resistance and water solubility. Additionally, the production of the lantibiotic subtilomycin could be a desirable property should B. subtilis strain MMA7 be employed as a probiotic in aquaculture applications.	1
Title: A unique lantibiotic, thermophilin 1277, containing a disulfide bridge and two thioether bridges Abstract: Aims:                       To identify the chemical structure of a bacteriocin, thermophilin 1277, produced by Streptococcus thermophilus SBT1277.                  Methods and results:                       Thermophilin 1277 was purified and partial N-terminal sequence analysis revealed 6 unidentified amino acids amongst 31 amino acids residues. A 2.7-kbp region containing the thermophilin 1277 structural gene (tepA) encoding 58 amino acids was cloned and sequenced. Mature thermophilin 1277 (33 amino acids) was preceded by a 25-amino acid putative leader peptide containing a double glycine cleavage motif. Peptide sequence analysis following chemical modification of thermophilin 1277 revealed that the Cys21 and Cys29 residues form a disulfide bridge and that Thr8 or Thr10 forms two 3-methyllanthionines with Cys13 or Cys32 via thioether bridges. Antimicrobial activity was disrupted by ethanethiol or reductive agent treatments, indicating that the internal amino acid modifications are crucial for the activity.                  Conclusions:                       Thermophilin 1277 from Strep. thermophilus SBT1277 belongs to the class of AII-type lantibiotics that has a disulfide and two thioether bridges.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       This is the first report of a lantibiotic produced by a GRAS species of Strep. thermophilus; thermophilin 1277 has a unique structure containing both a disulfide bridge and two thioether bridges that are crucial for its activity.	1
Title: Variacin, a new lanthionine-containing bacteriocin produced by Micrococcus varians: comparison to lacticin 481 of Lactococcus lactis Abstract: A new lanthionine-containing bacteriocin, variacin, displaying a broad host range of inhibition against gram-positive food spoilage bacteria, has been identified from two strains of Micrococcus varians isolated from meat fermentations. The new bacteriocin was purified, and its amino-terminal end and total amino acid composition were determined. The structural gene was isolated and analyzed. Variacin is resistant to heat and pH conditions from 2 to 10. Its primary sequence shows significant homology to lacticin 481 to Lactococcus lactis, which is more pronounced for the probacteriocin than for the leader sequence. Variacin, like lacticin 481, contains lanthionine and beta-methyllanthionine residues, but its leader sequence clearly resembles nonlantibiotic leader sequences. In particular, the prepeptide contains glycine residues at positions -1 and -2 of the processing site.	1
Title: Discovery of unique lanthionine synthetases reveals new mechanistic and evolutionary insights Abstract: Lantibiotic synthetases are remarkable biocatalysts generating conformationally constrained peptides with a variety of biological activities by repeatedly utilizing two simple posttranslational modification reactions: dehydration of Ser/Thr residues and intramolecular addition of Cys thiols to the resulting dehydro amino acids. Since previously reported lantibiotic synthetases show no apparent homology with any other known protein families, the molecular mechanisms and evolutionary origin of these enzymes are unknown. In this study, we present a novel class of lanthionine synthetases, termed LanL, that consist of three distinct catalytic domains and demonstrate in vitro enzyme activity of a family member from Streptomyces venezuelae. Analysis of individually expressed and purified domains shows that LanL enzymes install dehydroamino acids via phosphorylation of Ser/Thr residues by a protein kinase domain and subsequent elimination of the phosphate by a phosphoSer/Thr lyase domain. The latter has sequence homology with the phosphothreonine lyases found in various pathogenic bacteria that inactivate host mitogen activated protein kinases. A LanC-like cyclase domain then catalyzes the addition of Cys residues to the dehydro amino acids to form the characteristic thioether rings. We propose that LanL enzymes have evolved from stand-alone protein Ser/Thr kinases, phosphoSer/Thr lyases, and enzymes catalyzing thiol alkylation. We also demonstrate that the genes for all three pathways to lanthionine-containing peptides are widespread in Nature. Given the remarkable efficiency of formation of lanthionine-containing polycyclic peptides and the latter's high degree of specificity for their cognate cellular targets, it is perhaps not surprising that (at least) three distinct families of polypeptide sequences have evolved to access this structurally and functionally diverse class of compounds.	1
Title: Mechanistic studies of Ser/Thr dehydration catalyzed by a member of the LanL lanthionine synthetase family Abstract: Members of the LanL family of lanthionine synthetases consist of three catalytic domains, an N-terminal pSer/pThr lyase domain, a central Ser/Thr kinase domain, and a C-terminal lanthionine cyclase domain. The N-terminal lyase domain has sequence homology with members of the OspF family of effector proteins. In this study, the residues in the lyase domain of VenL that are conserved in the active site of OspF proteins were mutated to evaluate their importance for catalysis. In addition, residues that are fully conserved in the LanL family but not in the OspF family were mutated. Activity assays with these mutant proteins are consistent with a model in which Lys80 in VenL deprotonates the α-proton of pSer/pThr residues to initiate the elimination reaction. Lys51 is proposed to activate this proton by coordination to the carbonyl of the pSer/pThr, and His53 is believed to protonate the phosphate leaving group. These functions are very similar to the corresponding homologous residues in OspF proteins. On the other hand, recognition of the phosphate group of pSer/pThr appears to be achieved differently in VenL than in the OspF proteins. Arg156 and Lys103 are thought to interact with the phosphate group on the basis of a structural homology model.	1
Title: Clostridiolysin S, a post-translationally modified biotoxin from Clostridium botulinum Abstract: Through elaboration of its botulinum toxins, Clostridium botulinum produces clinical syndromes of infant botulism, wound botulism, and other invasive infections. Using comparative genomic analysis, an orphan nine-gene cluster was identified in C. botulinum and the related foodborne pathogen Clostridium sporogenes that resembled the biosynthetic machinery for streptolysin S, a key virulence factor from group A Streptococcus responsible for its hallmark beta-hemolytic phenotype. Genetic complementation, in vitro reconstitution, mass spectral analysis, and plasmid intergrational mutagenesis demonstrate that the streptolysin S-like gene cluster from Clostridium sp. is responsible for the biogenesis of a novel post-translationally modified hemolytic toxin, clostridiolysin S.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the goadsporin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. TP-A0584 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of goadsporin, a polypeptide antibiotic containing thiazole and oxazole rings, was cloned from Streptomyces sp. TP-A0584. The cluster contains a structural gene, godA, and nine god (goadsporin) genes involved in post-translational modification, immunity and transcriptional regulation. Although the gene organization is similar to typical bacteriocin biosynthetic gene clusters, each goadsporin biosynthetic gene shows low homology to these genes. Goadsporin biosynthesis is initiated by the translation of godA, and the subsequent cyclization, dehydration and acetylation are probably catalysed by godD, godE, godF, godG and godH gene products. godI shows high similarity to the 54 kDa subunit of the signal recognition particle and plays an important role in goadsporin immunity. Furthermore, four goadsporin analogues were produced by site-directed mutagenesis of godA, suggesting that this biosynthesis machinery is used for the heterocyclization of peptides.	1
Title: Genetic locus for streptolysin S production by group A streptococcus Abstract: Group A streptococcus (GAS) is an important human pathogen that causes pharyngitis and invasive infections, including necrotizing fasciitis. Streptolysin S (SLS) is the cytolytic factor that creates the zone of beta-hemolysis surrounding GAS colonies grown on blood agar. We recently reported the discovery of a potential genetic determinant involved in SLS production, sagA, encoding a small peptide of 53 amino acids (S. D. Betschel, S. M. Borgia, N. L. Barg, D. E. Low, and J. C. De Azavedo, Infect. Immun. 66:1671-1679, 1998). Using transposon mutagenesis, chromosomal walking steps, and data from the GAS genome sequencing project (www.genome.ou.edu/strep. html), we have now identified a contiguous nine-gene locus (sagA to sagI) involved in SLS production. The sag locus is conserved among GAS strains regardless of M protein type. Targeted plasmid integrational mutagenesis of each gene in the sag operon resulted in an SLS-negative phenotype. Targeted integrations (i) upstream of the sagA promoter and (ii) downstream of a terminator sequence after sagI did not affect SLS production, establishing the functional boundaries of the operon. A rho-independent terminator sequence between sagA and sagB appears to regulate the amount of sagA transcript produced versus transcript for the entire operon. Reintroduction of the nine-gene sag locus on a plasmid vector restored SLS activity to the nonhemolytic sagA knockout mutant. Finally, heterologous expression of the intact sag operon conferred the SLS beta-hemolytic phenotype to the nonhemolytic Lactococcus lactis. We conclude that gene products of the GAS sag operon are both necessary and sufficient for SLS production. Sequence homologies of sag operon gene products suggest that SLS is related to the bacteriocin family of microbial toxins.	1
Title: Mutational analysis of the group A streptococcal operon encoding streptolysin S and its virulence role in invasive infection Abstract: The pathogen group A Streptococcus (GAS) produces a wide spectrum of infections including necrotizing fasciitis (NF). Streptolysin S (SLS) produces the hallmark beta-haemolytic phenotype produced by GAS. The nine-gene GAS locus (sagA-sagI) resembling a bacteriocin biosynthetic operon is necessary and sufficient for SLS production. Using precise, in-frame allelic exchange mutagenesis and single-gene complementation, we show sagA, sagB, sagC, sagD, sagE, sagF and sagG are each individually required for SLS production, and that sagE may further serve an immunity function. Limited site-directed mutagenesis of specific amino acids in the SagA prepropeptide supports the designation of SLS as a bacteriocin-like toxin. No significant pleotrophic effects of sagA deletion were observed on M protein, capsule or cysteine protease production. In a murine model of NF, the SLS-negative M1T1 GAS mutant was markedly diminished in its ability to produce necrotic skin ulcers and spread to the systemic circulation. The SLS toxin impaired phagocytic clearance and promoted epithelial cell cytotoxicity, the latter phenotype being enhanced by the effects of M protein and streptolysin O. We conclude that all genetic components of the sag operon are required for expression of functional SLS, an important virulence factor in the pathogenesis of invasive M1T1 GAS infection.	1
Title: Discovery of a widely distributed toxin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Bacteriocins represent a large family of ribosomally produced peptide antibiotics. Here we describe the discovery of a widely conserved biosynthetic gene cluster for the synthesis of thiazole and oxazole heterocycles on ribosomally produced peptides. These clusters encode a toxin precursor and all necessary proteins for toxin maturation and export. Using the toxin precursor peptide and heterocycle-forming synthetase proteins from the human pathogen Streptococcus pyogenes, we demonstrate the in vitro reconstitution of streptolysin S activity. We provide evidence that the synthetase enzymes, as predicted from our bioinformatics analysis, introduce heterocycles onto precursor peptides, thereby providing molecular insight into the chemical structure of streptolysin S. Furthermore, our studies reveal that the synthetase exhibits relaxed substrate specificity and modifies toxin precursors from both related and distant species. Given our findings, it is likely that the discovery of similar peptidic toxins will rapidly expand to existing and emerging genomes.	1
Title: An Escherichia coli-based bioengineering strategy to study streptolysin S biosynthesis Abstract: Group A Streptococcus pyogenes (GAS) is a leading human pathogen that produces a powerful cytolytic bacteriocin known as streptolysin S (SLS). We have developed a bioengineering strategy to successfully reconstitute SLS activity using heterologous expression in laboratory strains of Escherichia coli. Our E. coli-based heterologous expression system will allow more detailed studies into the biosynthesis of other bacteriocin compounds and the production of these natural products in much greater yield.	1
Title: DNA sequence and mutational analysis of genes involved in the production and resistance of the antibiotic peptide trifolitoxin Abstract: The 7.1-kb fragment of Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. trifolii T24 DNA which confers trifolitoxin production and resistance to nonproducing, sensitive Rhizobium strains (E. W. Triplett, M. J. Schink, and K. L. Noeldner, Mol. Plant-Microbe Interact. 2:202-208, 1989) was subcloned, sequenced, and mutagenized with a transcriptional fusion cassette. The sequence of this fragment revealed seven complete open reading frames, tfxABCDEFG, all transcribed in the same direction. TfxA has an 11-amino-acid carboxy terminus identical to the known amino acid sequence of the trifolitoxin backbone, DIGGSRXGCVA, where X is an UV-absorbing chromophore. This is evidence that trifolitoxin is synthesized ribosomally as a prepeptide that is posttranslationally modified to yield the active peptide. TfxB shows 27.6% identity with McbC, a protein required for the production of the ribosomally synthesized antibiotic microcin B17. Tn3GUS transcriptional fusion insertions in tfxA, tfxB, tfxD, or tfxF caused a nonproducing, trifolitoxin-resistant phenotype and confirmed the direction of transcription of these frames. No insertion mutations were found in tfxE or tfxG. Sequence analysis along with insertion and deletion mutation analysis suggest that (i) trifolitoxin is synthesized ribosomally from tfxA; (ii) tfxA, tfxE, and tfxG have their own promoters; (iii) TfxG is required for immunity; (iv) TfxB, TfxD, and TfxF are required for trifolitoxin production; and (v) the UV-absorbing chromophore is derived from glutamine.	1
Title: Plantazolicin, a novel microcin B17/streptolysin S-like natural product from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: Here we report on a novel thiazole/oxazole-modified microcin (TOMM) from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42, a Gram-positive soil bacterium. This organism is well known for stimulating plant growth and biosynthesizing complex small molecules that suppress the growth of bacterial and fungal plant pathogens. Like microcin B17 and streptolysin S, the TOMM from B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 undergoes extensive posttranslational modification to become a bioactive natural product. Our data show that the modified peptide bears a molecular mass of 1,335 Da and displays antibacterial activity toward closely related Gram-positive bacteria. A cluster of 12 genes that covers ∼10 kb is essential for the production, modification, export, and self-immunity of this natural product. We have named this compound plantazolicin (PZN), based on the association of several producing organisms with plants and the incorporation of azole heterocycles, which derive from Cys, Ser, and Thr residues of the precursor peptide.	1
Title: Structure determination and interception of biosynthetic intermediates for the plantazolicin class of highly discriminating antibiotics Abstract: The soil-dwelling, plant growth-promoting bacterium Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 is a prolific producer of complex natural products. Recently, a new FZB42 metabolite, plantazolicin (PZN), has been described as a member of the growing thiazole/oxazole-modified microcin (TOMM) family. TOMMs are biosynthesized from inactive, ribosomal peptides and undergo a series of cyclodehydrations, dehydrogenations, and other modifications to become bioactive natural products. Using high-resolution mass spectrometry, chemoselective modification, genetic interruptions, and other spectroscopic tools, we have determined the molecular structure of PZN. In addition to two conjugated polyazole moieties, the amino-terminus of PZN has been modified to N(α),N(α)-dimethylarginine. PZN exhibited a highly selective antibiotic activity toward Bacillus anthracis, but no other tested human pathogen. By altering oxygenation levels during fermentation, PZN analogues were produced that bear variability in their heterocycle content, which yielded insight into the order of biosynthetic events. Lastly, genome-mining has revealed the existence of four additional PZN-like biosynthetic gene clusters. Given their structural uniqueness and intriguing antimicrobial specificity, the PZN class of antibiotics may hold pharmacological value.	1
Title: Plantazolicin A and B: structure elucidation of ribosomally synthesized thiazole/oxazole peptides from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: The structures of the ribosomally synthesized peptide antibiotics from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42, plantazolicin A and B, have been elucidated by high resolving ESI-MSMS, 2D (1)H-(13)C-correlated NMR spectroscopy as well as (1)H-(15)N-HMQC/(1)H-(15)N-HMBC NMR experiments. (15)N-labeling prior to the experiments facilitated the structure determination, unveiling a hitherto unusual number of thiazoles and oxazoles formed from a linear 14mer precursor peptide. This finding further extends the number of known secondary metabolites from B. amyloliquefaciens and represents a new type of secondary metabolites from the genus Bacillus.	1
Title: Engineering unnatural variants of plantazolicin through codon reprogramming Abstract: Plantazolicin (PZN) is a polyheterocyclic natural product derived from a ribosomal peptide that harbors remarkable antibiotic selectivity for the causative agent of anthrax, Bacillus anthracis. To simultaneously establish the structure-activity relationship of PZN and the substrate tolerance of the biosynthetic pathway, an Escherichia coli expression strain was engineered to heterologously produce PZN analogues. Variant PZN precursor genes were produced by site-directed mutagenesis and later screened by mass spectrometry to assess post-translational modification and export by E. coli. From a screen of 72 precursor peptides, 29 PZN variants were detected. This analogue collection provided insight into the selectivity of the post-translational modifying enzymes and established the boundaries of the natural biosynthetic pathway. Unlike other studied thiazole/oxazole-modified microcins, the biosynthetic machinery appeared to be finely tuned toward the production of PZN, such that the cognate enzymes did not process even other naturally occurring sequences from similar biosynthetic clusters. The modifying enzymes were exquisitely selective, installing heterocycles only at predefined positions within the precursor peptides while leaving neighboring residues unmodified. Nearly all substitutions at positions normally harboring heterocycles prevented maturation of a PZN variant, though some exceptions were successfully produced lacking a heterocycle at the penultimate residue. No variants containing additional heterocycles were detected, although several peptide sequences yielded multiple PZN variants as a result of varying oxidation states of select residues. Eleven PZN variants were produced in sufficient quantity to facilitate purification and assessment of their antibacterial activity, providing insight into the structure-activity relationship of PZN.	1
Title: Structural and functional insight into an unexpectedly selective N-methyltransferase involved in plantazolicin biosynthesis Abstract: Plantazolicin (PZN), a polyheterocyclic, N(α),N(α)-dimethylarginine-containing antibiotic, harbors remarkably specific bactericidal activity toward strains of Bacillus anthracis, the causative agent of anthrax. Previous studies demonstrated that genetic deletion of the S-adenosyl-L-methionine-dependent methyltransferase from the PZN biosynthetic gene cluster results in the formation of desmethylPZN, which is devoid of antibiotic activity. Here we describe the in vitro reconstitution, mutational analysis, and X-ray crystallographic structure of the PZN methyltransferase. Unlike all other known small molecule methyltransferases, which act upon diverse substrates in vitro, the PZN methyltransferase is uncharacteristically limited in substrate scope and functions only on desmethylPZN and close derivatives. The crystal structures of two related PZN methyltransferases, solved to 1.75 Å (Bacillus amyloliquefaciens) and 2.0 Å (Bacillus pumilus), reveal a deep, narrow cavity, putatively functioning as the binding site for desmethylPZN. The narrowness of this cavity provides a framework for understanding the molecular basis of the extreme substrate selectivity. Analysis of a panel of point mutations to the methyltransferase from B. amyloliquefaciens allowed the identification of residues of structural and catalytic importance. These findings further our understanding of one set of orthologous enzymes involved in thiazole/oxazole-modified microcin biosynthesis, a rapidly growing sector of natural products research.	1
Title: The highly modified microcin peptide plantazolicin is associated with nematicidal activity of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 has been shown to stimulate plant growth and to suppress the growth of plant pathogenic organisms including nematodes. However, the mechanism underlying its effect against nematodes remains unknown. In this study, we screened a random mutant library of B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 generated by the mariner transposon TnYLB-1 and identified a mutant strain F5 with attenuated nematicidal activity. Reversible polymerase chain reaction revealed that three candidate genes RAMB_007470, yhdY, and prkA that were disrupted by the transposon in strain F5 potentially contributed to its decreased nematicidal activity. Bioassay of mutants impaired in the three candidate genes demonstrated that directed deletion of gene RBAM_007470 resulted in loss of nematicidal activity comparable with that of the F5 triple mutant. RBAM_007470 has been reported as being involved in biosynthesis of plantazolicin, a thiazole/oxazole-modified microcin with hitherto unknown function. Electrospray ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (ESI-TOF-MS) analyses of surface extracts revealed that plantazolicin bearing a molecular weight of 1,354 Da was present in wild-type B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42, but absent in the ΔRABM_007470 mutant. Furthermore, bioassay of the organic extract containing plantazolicin also showed a moderate nematicidal activity. We conclude that a novel gene RBAM_007470 and its related metabolite are involved in the antagonistic effect exerted by B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 against nematodes.	1
Title: Precursor-centric genome-mining approach for lasso peptide discovery Abstract: Lasso peptides are a class of ribosomally synthesized posttranslationally modified natural products found in bacteria. Currently known lasso peptides have a diverse set of pharmacologically relevant activities, including inhibition of bacterial growth, receptor antagonism, and enzyme inhibition. The biosynthesis of lasso peptides is specified by a cluster of three genes encoding a precursor protein and two enzymes. Here we develop a unique genome-mining algorithm to identify lasso peptide gene clusters in prokaryotes. Our approach involves pattern matching to a small number of conserved amino acids in precursor proteins, and thus allows for a more global survey of lasso peptide gene clusters than does homology-based genome mining. Of more than 3,000 currently sequenced prokaryotic genomes, we found 76 organisms that are putative lasso peptide producers. These organisms span nine bacterial phyla and an archaeal phylum. To provide validation of the genome-mining method, we focused on a single lasso peptide predicted to be produced by the freshwater bacterium Asticcacaulis excentricus. Heterologous expression of an engineered, minimal gene cluster in Escherichia coli led to the production of a unique lasso peptide, astexin-1. At 23 aa, astexin-1 is the largest lasso peptide isolated to date. It is also highly polar, in contrast to many lasso peptides that are primarily hydrophobic. Astexin-1 has modest antimicrobial activity against its phylogenetic relative Caulobacter crescentus. The solution structure of astexin-1 was determined revealing a unique topology that is stabilized by hydrogen bonding between segments of the peptide.	1
Title: Lasso peptides from proteobacteria: Genome mining employing heterologous expression and mass spectrometry Abstract: Lasso peptides are natural products with a unique three dimensional structure resembling a lariat knot. They are from ribosomal origin and are post-translationally modified by two enzymes (B and C), one of which shares little similarity to enzymes outside of lasso peptide biosynthetic gene clusters and as such is a useful target for genome mining. In this study, we demonstrate a B protein-centric genome mining approach through which we were able to identify 102 putative lasso peptide biosynthetic gene clusters from a total of 87 different proteobacterial strains. Ten of these clusters were cloned into the pET41a expression vector, optimized through incorporation of a ribosomal binding site and heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli BL21(DE3). All 12 predicted lasso peptides (namely burhizin, caulonodin I, caulonodin II, caulonodin III, rhodanodin, rubrivinodin, sphingonodin I, sphingonodin II, syanodin I, sphingopyxin I, sphingopyxin II, and zucinodin) were detected by high-resolution Fourier transform mass spectrometry and their proposed primary structure was confirmed through tandem mass spectrometry. High yields (ranging from 0.4 to 5.2 mg/L) were observable for eight of these compounds, while thermostability assays revealed five new representatives of heat labile lasso peptides.	1
Title: Isolation and structural characterization of capistruin, a lasso peptide predicted from the genome sequence of Burkholderia thailandensis E264 Abstract: Lasso peptides are a structurally unique class of bioactive peptides characterized by a knotted arrangement, where the C-terminus threads through an N-terminal macrolactam ring. Although ribosomally synthesized, only the gene cluster for the best studied lasso peptide MccJ25 from Escherichia coli consisting of the precursor protein McjA and the processing and immunity proteins McjB, McjC, and McjD is known. Through genome mining studies, we have identified homologues of all four proteins in Burkholderia thailandensis E264 and predicted this strain to produce a lasso peptide. Here we report the successful isolation of the predicted peptide, named capistruin. Upon optimization of the fermentation conditions, mass spectrometric and NMR structural studies proved capistruin to adopt a novel lasso fold. Heterologous production of the lasso peptide in Escherichia coli showed that the identified genes are sufficient for the biosynthesis of capistruin, which exhibits antimicrobial activity against closely related Burkholderia and Pseudomonas strains. In general, our rational approach should be widely applicable for the isolation of new lasso peptides to explore their high structural stability and diverse biological activity.	1
Title: Caulosegnins I-III: a highly diverse group of lasso peptides derived from a single biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Lasso peptides are natural products of ribosomal origin with a unique knotted structural fold. Even though only a few of them are known, recent reports of newly isolated lasso peptides were scarce. In this work, we report the identification of a novel lasso peptide gene cluster from Caulobacter segnis, that produces three new lasso peptides (caulosegnins I, II, and III) using a single biosynthetic machinery. These lasso peptides possess different ring sizes and amino acid sequences. In this study, we have developed a system for enhanced lasso peptide production to allow isolation of these compounds through heterologous expression in Escherichia coli. We were able to elucidate the structure of the most abundant lasso peptide caulosegnin I via NMR spectroscopic analysis and performed a thorough mutational analysis that gave insight into their biosynthesis and revealed important factors affecting the stabilization of the lasso fold in general. The caulosegnins also show a diverse behavior when subjected to thermal denaturation, which is exceptional as all lasso peptides were believed to have an intrinsic high thermal stability.	1
Title: Molecular cloning of the gene cluster for lariatin biosynthesis of Rhodococcus jostii K01-B0171 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for lariatins A and B, anti-mycobacterial peptide antibiotics with a unique "lasso" structure, was cloned from Gram-positive bacterium Rhodococcus jostii K01-B0171. Random transposition mutagenesis using IS1415 derivative was carried out to identify a chromosomal locus involved in lariatin biosynthesis and six independent lariatin non-producing variants were obtained. Arbitrary PCR revealed that one insertion was located near the region involved in lariatin biosynthesis. Using the lariatin gene as a probe, a genomic library of R. jostii K01-B0171 was screened by colony hybridization, and two clones were obtained. Sequence analysis of these clones revealed that the gene cluster for lariatin biosynthesis spanning about 4.5 kb consisted of five open reading frames (larA to larE). We proposed that the linear precursor LarA is processed by LarB, LarC, and LarD, and the mature lariatin is exported by LarE.	1
Title: Xanthomonins I-III: a new class of lasso peptides with a seven-residue macrolactam ring Abstract: Lasso peptides belong to the class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides. Their common distinguishing feature is an N-terminal macrolactam ring that is threaded by the C-terminal tail. This lasso fold is maintained through steric interactions. The isolation and characterization of xanthomonins I-III, the first lasso peptides featuring macrolactam rings consisting of only seven amino acids, is now presented. The crystal structure of xanthomonin I and the NMR structure of xanthomonin II were also determined. A total of 25 variants of xanthomonin II were generated to probe different aspects of the biosynthesis, stability, and fold maintenance. These mutational studies reveal the limits such a small ring imposes on the threading and show that every plug amino acid larger than serine is able to maintain a heat-stable lasso fold in the xanthomonin II scaffold.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of plasmid determinants for microcin J25 production and immunity Abstract: Microcin J25 (MccJ25) is a small peptide antibiotic produced by an Escherichia coli strain isolated from human feces. The genetic determinants for MccJ25 synthesis and immunity have been cloned from the low-copy-number wild-type plasmid pTUC1OO into the compatible vectors pBR322 and pACYC184. Physical and phenotypical analysis of insertion mutations and complementation tests defined three contiguous genes involved in MccJ25 production which span a region of about 2.2 kb. Immunity to the antibiotic is provided by an additional gene adjacent to the production region.	1
Title: Sequence analysis of the four plasmid genes required to produce the circular peptide antibiotic microcin J25 Abstract: A 4.8-kb plasmid region carrying the four genes mcjABCD necessary for production of and immunity to the cyclic peptide antibiotic microcin J25 (MccJ25) has been sequenced. mcjA encodes the primary structure of MccJ25 as a precursor endowed with an N-terminal extension of 37 amino acids. The products of mcjB and mcjC are thought to be involved in microcin maturation, which implies cleavage of McjA and head-tail linkage of the 21-residue pro-MccJ25. The predicted McjD polypeptide, which is highly similar to several ABC exporters, was found to be required for MccJ25 secretion, thus explaining its ability to confer immunity to MccJ25.	1
Title: Genome mining and genetic analysis of cypemycin biosynthesis reveal an unusual class of posttranslationally modified peptides Abstract: Posttranslational modification of amino acids confers a range of structural features and activities on ribosomally synthesized peptides, many of which have potent antimicrobial or other biological activities. Cypemycin is an extensively modified linear peptide produced by Streptomyces sp. OH-4156 with potent in vitro activity against mouse leukemia cells. Cypemycin does not contain lanthionine bridges but exhibits some of the structural features of lantibiotics, notably dehydrated threonines (dehydrobutyrines) and a C-terminal S-[(Z)-2-aminovinyl]-D-cysteine. Consequently it was classified as a member of the lantibiotic family of posttranslationally modified peptides. Cypemycin also possesses two L-allo-isoleucine residues and an N-terminal N,N-dimethylalanine, both unique amino acid modifications. We identified and heterologously expressed the cypemycin biosynthetic gene cluster and performed a mutational analysis of each individual gene. We show that even the previously described modifications are carried out by unusual enzymes or via a modification pathway unrelated to lantibiotic biosynthesis. Bioinformatic analysis revealed the widespread occurrence of cypemycin-like gene clusters within the bacterial kingdom and in the Archaea. Cypemycin is the founding member of an unusual class of posttranslationally modified ribosomally synthesized peptides, the linaridins.	1
Title: Catalytic promiscuity of a bacterial α-N-methyltransferase Abstract: The posttranslational methylation of N-terminal α-amino groups (α-N-methylation) is a ubiquitous reaction found in all domains of life. Although this modification usually occurs on protein substrates, recent studies have shown that it also takes place on ribosomally synthesized natural products. Here we report an investigation of the bacterial α-N-methyltransferase CypM involved in the biosynthesis of the peptide antibiotic cypemycin. We demonstrate that CypM has low substrate selectivity and methylates a variety of oligopeptides, cyclic peptides such as nisin and haloduracin, and the ε-amino group of lysine. Hence it may have potential for enzyme engineering and combinatorial biosynthesis. Bayesian phylogenetic inference of bacterial α-N-methyltransferases suggests that they have not evolved as a specific group based on the chemical transformations they catalyze, but that they have been acquired from various other methyltransferase classes during evolution.	1
Title: A new antibiotic, cypemycin. Taxonomy, fermentation, isolation and biological characteristics Abstract: A new peptide antibiotic, cypemycin, with a molecular weight of 2,097 (M+H), was isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. OH-4156. The antibiotic possesses cytocidal activity against P388 leukemia cells in vitro at a concentration of 1.3 microgram/ml (IC50 values), and the antibiotic showed antimicrobial activities against Micrococcus luteus (MIC, 0.2 microgram/ml).	1
Title: Biosynthesis and regulation of grisemycin, a new member of the linaridin family of ribosomally synthesized peptides produced by Streptomyces griseus IFO 13350 Abstract: Our recent identification and genetic analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for production of the ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptide cypemycin revealed a new class of peptide natural products, the linaridins. Here we describe the identification and characterization of grisemycin, a linaridin produced by a previously unidentified gene cluster in Streptomyces griseus IFO 13350. Mass spectrometric analysis revealed that grisemycin possesses at least three of the modifications found in cypemycin, as well as an analogous leader peptidase cleavage site. Expression of putative grisemycin biosynthetic genes in a Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) derivative, combined with deletion of the gene encoding the grisemycin precursor peptide, confirmed the identity of the grisemycin gene cluster. Both grisemycin and cypemycin depend on the transcriptional activator AdpA for wild-type levels of production.	1
Title: The leader peptide of colicin V shares consensus sequences with leader peptides that are common among peptide bacteriocins produced by gram-positive bacteria Abstract: Colicin V is a ribosomally synthesized antimicrobial peptide produced by Escherichia coli. Four recently characterized genes, arranged in two convergent operons on the plasmid pCoIV-K30, are required for colicin V synthesis, export and immunity. We report the purification and N-terminal amino acid sequencing of the colicin V protein. Our results demonstrate that the colicin V primary translation product, which consists of 103 amino acids, is proteolytically processed. A leader peptide, consisting of 15 amino acid residues, is removed from the N-terminus during maturation of colicin V. This leader peptide is not related to the N-terminal signal sequences which direct proteins across the cytoplasmic membrane via the Sec pathway. The molecular mass of colicin V, obtained by mass spectrometry analysis, showed that the peptide consists of only unmodified amino acids. The deduced amino acid sequence of the leader peptide was highly homologous to the N-terminal extensions found in non-lantibiotic, peptide bacteriocins produced by Gram-positive bacteria. These findings strongly indicate that colicin V belongs to a family of small peptide bacteriocins that have been found previously only among the Gram-positive lactic acid bacteria.	1
Title: Structure and organization of plasmid genes required to produce the translation inhibitor microcin C7 Abstract: The translation inhibitor microcin C7 (MccC7) is a linear heptapeptide whose N terminus has been replaced by an N-formyl group and whose C terminus has been replaced by the phosphodiester of 5'-adenylic acid and n-aminopropanol (J. I. Guijarro, J. E. González-Pastor, F. Baleux, J. L. San Millán, M. A. Castilla, M. Rico, F. Moreno, and M. Delepierre, J. Biol. Chem. 270:23520-23532, 1995). MccC7 production and immunity determinants lie on a 6.2-kb region of the Escherichia coli plasmid pMccC7. This region was entirely sequenced. It contains six open reading frames, which were shown to be true genes by different complementary approaches. Five genes, mccABCDE, which are transcribed in the same direction, are required to produce mature extracellular microcin. The sixth gene, mccF, adjacent to mccE, is transcribed in the opposite direction and encodes specific self-immunity. Genes mccA to -E constitute an operon transcribed from a promoter (mccp) located upstream of mccA. mccA is 21 nucleotides long and encodes the unmodified heptapeptide (J. E. González-Pastor, J. L. San Millán, and F. Moreno, Nature [London] 369:281, 1994). A comparison of predicted gene polypeptide products with those included in databases shows that an 81-amino-acid stretch of MccB is strikingly homologous to fragments of the same length of proteins ThiF and ChlN from E. coli, HesA from Anabaena sp. strain PCC7120, and UBA1, the ubiquitin-activating enzyme from different eukaryotic species. MccC displays several hydrophobic domains, suggesting a transmembrane location. The carboxyl end of MccE displays 41.2% identity with RimL, a protein required to acetylate the ribosome protein L12 from E. coli. In the absence of the other mcc genes, mccA impairs the growth of host cells, suggesting that unmodified MccA has antibiotic activity. A model for MccC7 biosynthesis, export, and immunity is proposed.	1
Title: Identification and properties of the genes encoding microcin E492 and its immunity protein Abstract: The gene coding for the immunity protein (mceB) and the structural gene of microcin E492 (mceA), a low-molecular-weight channel-forming bacteriocin produced by a strain of Klebsiella pneumoniae, have been characterized. The microcin gene codes for a precursor protein of either 99 or 103 amino acids. Protein sequencing of the N-terminal region of microcin E492 unequivocally identified this gene as the microcin structural gene and indicated that this microcin is synthesized as a precursor protein that is cleaved at either amino acid 15 or 19, at a site resembling the double-glycine motif. The gene encoding the 95-amino-acid immunity protein (mceB) was identified by cloning the DNA segment that encodes only this polypeptide into an expression vector and demonstrating the acquisition of immunity to microcin E492. As expected, the immunity protein was found to be associated with the inner membrane. Analysis of the DNA sequence indicates that these genes belong to the same family as microcin 24, and they do not share structural motifs with any other known channel-forming bacteriocin. The organization of the microcin- and immunity protein-encoding genes suggests that they are coordinately expressed.	1
Title: Structure, organization and characterization of the gene cluster involved in the production of microcin E492, a channel-forming bacteriocin Abstract: Microcin E492 is a low-molecular-weight, channel-forming bacteriocin produced and excreted by Klebsiella pneumoniae RYC492. A 13 kb chromosomal DNA fragment from K. pneumoniae RYC492 was sequenced, and it was demonstrated by random Tn5 mutagenesis that most of this segment, which has at least 10 cistrons, is needed for the production of active microcin and its immunity protein. Genes mceG and mceH correspond to an ABC exporter and its accessory protein, respectively, and they are closely related to the colicin V ABC export system. The microcin E492 system also requires the product of gene mceF as an additional factor for export. Despite the fact that this bacteriocin lacks post-translational modifications, genes mceC, mceI and mceJ are needed for the production of active microcin. Genes mceC and mceI are homologous to a glycosyl transferase and acyltransferase, respectively, whereas mceJ has no known homologue. Mutants in these three genes secrete an inactive form of microcin, able to form ion channels in a phospholipidic bilayer, indicating that the mutation of these microcin genes does not alter the process of membrane insertion. On the other hand, microcin isolated from mutants in genes mceC and mceJ has a lethal effect when incubated with spheroplasts of sensitive cells, indicating that the microcin defects in these mutants are likely to alter receptor recognition at the outer membrane. A model for synthesis and export is proposed as well as a novel maturation pathway that would involve conformational changes to explain the production of active microcin E492.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of microcin H47 immunity Abstract: Microcin H47 is a bactericidal antibiotic produced by a natural Escherichia coli isolate. The genetic system encoding microcin production and immunity consists of at least seven clustered genes. Four of these are devoted to microcin biosynthesis and two genes are required for its secretion into the extracellular medium. The product of the seventh gene, mchI, determines the cell's self-immunity. This gene was shown to encode a highly hydrophobic 69-residue peptide. Analysis of the MchI amino acid sequence, as well as the characterization of MchI-PhoA hybrid proteins, indicated that the microcin immunity product is probably exported out of the cytoplasm and remains an integral membrane peptide. This localization of the immunity peptide points to the cellular membrane as the site of action of microcin H47.	1
Title: The structural gene for microcin H47 encodes a peptide precursor with antibiotic activity Abstract: Microcin H47 is a bactericidal antibiotic produced by a naturally occurring Escherichia coli strain isolated in Uruguay. The microcin genetic system is located in the chromosome and extends over a 10-kb DNA segment containing the genes required for microcin synthesis, secretion, and immunity. The smallest microcin synthesis gene, mchB, was sequenced and shown to encode a highly hydrophobic peptide. An mchB-phoA gene fusion, which directed the synthesis of a hybrid bifunctional protein with both PhoA and microcin H47-like activities, was isolated. The results presented herein lead us to propose that microcin H47 is indeed a ribosomally synthesized peptide antibiotic and that its peptide precursor already has antibiotic activity of the same specificity as that of mature microcin.	1
Title: The structure, function, and origin of the microcin H47 ATP-binding cassette exporter indicate its relatedness to that of colicin V Abstract: Microcin H47, a gene-encoded peptide antibiotic produced by a natural Escherichia coli strain, was shown to be secreted by a three-component ATP-binding cassette exporter which was revealed to be strongly related to that of colicin V. The results of sequence and gene fusion analyses, as well as heterologous complementation assays, are presented.	1
Title: The proton channel is the minimal structure of ATP synthase necessary and sufficient for microcin h47 antibiotic action Abstract: It had been previously determined that the presence of F(o)F(1) ATP synthase was required for microcin H47 antibiotic action. In this work, microcin-resistant atp mutants were genetically analyzed. Their mutations, originated by Tn5 insertion, in all cases were found to affect determinants for the F(o) portion of ATP synthase. To discern if microcin action required the presence of the entire complex or if the F(o) proton channel would suffice, recombinant plasmids carrying different segments of the atp operon were constructed and introduced into an atp deletion strain. The phenotypic analysis of the strains thus obtained clearly indicated that the presence of the F(o) proton channel was absolutely required for microcin H47 action, while the F(1) catalytic portion was found to be dispensable. Furthermore, when any of the three components of the proton channel was missing, total resistance to the antibiotic ensued. Complementation analysis between atp::Tn5 chromosomal mutations and recombinant atp plasmid constructions further supported the idea that the proton channel would be the minimal structure of the ATP synthase complex needed for microcin H47 antibiotic action.	1
Title: Involvement of enterobactin synthesis pathway in production of microcin H47 Abstract: Microcin H47 (MccH47) is a gene-encoded peptide antibiotic produced by an Escherichia coli clinical isolate which is active on strains of gram-negative bacteria. Its uptake by E. coli K-12-susceptible cells depends on the presence of any of the outer membrane proteins Cir, Fiu, and FepA, the three catechol receptors of this organism. The nucleotide sequence of a portion of the MccH47 genetic system that had not yet been studied was elucidated. Five open reading frames were identified, three of which corresponded to genes encoding functions related to catechol-type siderophores: mchA and mchS1 are iroB and iroD homologues, respectively, and mchS4 was found to promote the production of the catecholate siderophore enterobactin. The possible relationship between enterobactin synthesis and MccH47 production was studied. Enterobactin-deficient strains failed to produce MccH47 when transformed with the antibiotic genetic determinants and upon introduction of the ent genetic cluster, the production of both the siderophore and MccH47 was restored. Further studies demonstrated that at least the enterobactin nonribosomal peptide synthase EntF is necessary for MccH47 synthesis. The relationship found between MccH47 and catecholate siderophore production is discussed, and a model outlining MccH47 synthesis is proposed.	1
Title: Wild-type Escherichia coli producing microcins B17, D93, J25, and L; cloning of genes for microcin L production and immunity Abstract: For the first time, an Escherichia coli strain producing four microcins (Mcc), B17, D93, J25, and L, and showing immunity to Mcc V was isolated and characterized. Each of the gene clusters encoding the production of Mcc B17, D93, and L was cloned separately. The gene cluster for Mcc L was cloned within a 13.5-kb HindIII-SalI fragment, which includes the Mcc V immunity gene, cvi.	1
Title: The colicin G, H and X determinants encode microcins M and H47, which might utilize the catecholate siderophore receptors FepA, Cir, Fiu and IroN Abstract: The colicin G producer Escherichia coli CA46, the colicin H producer E. coli CA58 and E. coli Nissle 1917 (DSM 6601) were shown to produce microcin H47 and the newly described microcin M. Both microcins were exported like colicin V by an RND-type export system, including TolC. The gene cluster encoding microcins H47 and M in strains CA46 and CA58 is nearly identical to that in strain DSM 6601, except that two additional genes are included. A Fur box identified in front of the microcin-encoding genes explained the observed iron regulation of microcin production. The catecholate siderophore receptors Fiu, Cir and FepA from E. coli and IroN, Cir and FepA from Salmonella were identified as receptors for microcins M, H47 and E492. IroN takes up the glucose-containing catecholate siderophore salmochelin, whose synthesis is encoded in the iro gene cluster found in Salmonella and certain, often uropathogenic, E. coli strains. A gene in this iro cluster, iroB, which encodes a putative glycosyltransferase, was also found in the microcin H47/M and microcin E492 gene clusters. These microcins could aid the producing strain in competing against enterobacteria that utilize catecholate siderophores.	1
Title: Purification and characterization of the antimicrobial peptide microcin N Abstract: Microcins are low-molecular-weight proteins secreted by certain bacteria that act by limiting the growth of other bacteria that share the same ecological niche. In the present work, the previous microcin 24 system was resequenced.We detected three nucleotide differences in the microcin-coding gene that partially change the amino acid sequence. According to the present microcin nomenclature, we renamed the five genes constituting this microcin system (mcnRINAB), which are arranged in an operon-like structure: mcnR codes for a putative histone-like nucleoid protein regulator; mcnI codes for the immunity protein; mcnN encodes microcin N; and mcnA and mcnB correspond to an ATP-binding cassette transporter system. Purified microcin N has a molecular weight of 7274.23 Da, as determined by MS. This peptide was stable up to 100°C, resistant to treatment with lipase, lysozyme, trypsin, and chymotrypsin, and susceptible to degradation by proteinase K.	1
Title: Cloning and nucleotide sequence of the gene encoding a serine proteinase inhibitor named marinostatin from a marine bacterium, Alteromonas sp. strain B-10-31 Abstract: The gene (mstI) encoding a serine proteinase inhibitor named marinostatin from marine Alteromonas sp. strain B-10-31 was cloned and its nucleotide sequence was analyzed. A short open reading frame of 192 bp encoded 63 amino acids with a molecular weight of 6,985. Furthermore, the initial product of marinostatin (marinostatin L) was purified and its amino acid sequence was analyzed. These results indicate that marinostatin is produced as a unique precursor consisting of the mature peptide and the leader peptide for an ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter, and furthermore the initial product of marinostatin is dehydrated and processed by proteolysis to give homologous forms of marinostatin.	1
Title: Leader peptide and a membrane protein scaffold guide the biosynthesis of the tricyclic peptide microviridin Abstract: Microviridins are unique protease inhibitors from bloom-forming cyanobacteria that have both ecological and pharmacological relevance. Their peptide backbones are produced ribosomally, and ATP grasp ligases introduce ω-ester and ω-amide bonds to yield rare cage-like structures. Bioinformatic analysis of the microviridin biosynthesis gene cluster suggests a novel type of processing machinery, which could rationalize the challenging in vivo/in vitro reconstitution of the pathway. In this work, we report the establishment of a minimal expression system for microviridins. Through bioinformatics and mutational analysis of the MdnA leader peptide we identified and characterized a strictly conserved binding motif that is specific for microviridin ligases. Furthermore, we showed that the ABC transporter MdnE is crucial for cyclization and processing of microviridins and demonstrated that MdnE is essential for stability of the microviridin biosynthesis complex.	1
Title: Isolation, characterization, and quantitative analysis of Microviridin J, a new Microcystis metabolite toxic to Daphnia Abstract: This paper describes the purification and characterization of microviridin J. a newly discovered metabolite of Microcystis that causes a lethal molting disruption in Daphnia spp., upon ingestion of living cyanobacterial cells. Microviridin J consists of an acetylated chain of 13 amino acids arranged in three rings and two side chains. Unlike other known isoforms of microviridin, microviridin J contains arginine that imparts a unique solution conformation characterized by proximal hydrophobic interactions between Arg and other regions of the molecule. This eventually results in the formation and stabilization of an additional ring system. Microviridin J potently inhibits porcine trypsin, bovine chymotrypsin, and daphnid trypsin-like proteases. The activity against trypsin is most likely due to Arg and its distinctive conformational interactions. Overall, the data presented for microviridin J emphasize once again the ability of cyanobacteria to produce numerous and potent environmental toxins.	1
Title: Post-translational modification in microviridin biosynthesis Abstract: Cyanobacteria are prolific producers of bioactive natural products that mostly belong to the nonribosomal peptide and polyketide classes. We show here how a linear precursor peptide of microviridin K, a new member of the microviridin class of peptidase inhibitors, is processed to become the mature tricyclic peptidase inhibitor. The microviridin (mvd) biosynthetic gene cluster of P. agardhii comprises six genes encoding microviridin K, an apparently unexpressed second microviridin, two RimK homologues, an acetyltransferase, and an ABC transporter. We have over-expressed three enzymes of this pathway and have demonstrated their biochemical function in vitro through chemical degradation and mass spectrometry. We show that a prepeptide undergoes post-translational modification through cross-linking by ester and amide bond formation by the RimK homologues MvdD and MvdC, respectively. In silico analysis of the mvd gene cluster suggests the potential for widespread occurrence of microviridin-like compounds in a broad range of bacteria.	1
Title: Metagenome mining reveals polytheonamides as posttranslationally modified ribosomal peptides Abstract: It is held as a paradigm that ribosomally synthesized peptides and proteins contain only l-amino acids. We demonstrate a ribosomal origin of the marine sponge-derived polytheonamides, exceptionally potent, giant natural-product toxins. Isolation of the biosynthetic genes from the sponge metagenome revealed a bacterial gene architecture. Only six candidate enzymes were identified for 48 posttranslational modifications, including 18 epimerizations and 17 methylations of nonactivated carbon centers. Three enzymes were functionally validated, which showed that a radical S-adenosylmethionine enzyme is responsible for the unidirectional epimerization of multiple and different amino acids. Collectively, these complex alterations create toxins that function as unimolecular minimalistic ion channels with near-femtomolar activity. This study broadens the biosynthetic scope of ribosomal systems and creates new opportunities for peptide and protein bioengineering.	1
Title: An environmental bacterial taxon with a large and distinct metabolic repertoire Abstract: Cultivated bacteria such as actinomycetes are a highly useful source of biomedically important natural products. However, such 'talented' producers represent only a minute fraction of the entire, mostly uncultivated, prokaryotic diversity. The uncultured majority is generally perceived as a large, untapped resource of new drug candidates, but so far it is unknown whether taxa containing talented bacteria indeed exist. Here we report the single-cell- and metagenomics-based discovery of such producers. Two phylotypes of the candidate genus 'Entotheonella' with genomes of greater than 9 megabases and multiple, distinct biosynthetic gene clusters co-inhabit the chemically and microbially rich marine sponge Theonella swinhoei. Almost all bioactive polyketides and peptides known from this animal were attributed to a single phylotype. 'Entotheonella' spp. are widely distributed in sponges and belong to an environmental taxon proposed here as candidate phylum 'Tectomicrobia'. The pronounced bioactivities and chemical uniqueness of 'Entotheonella' compounds provide significant opportunities for ecological studies and drug discovery.	1
Title: Thuricin CD, a posttranslationally modified bacteriocin with a narrow spectrum of activity against Clostridium difficile Abstract: The last decade has seen numerous outbreaks of Clostridium difficile-associated disease (CDAD), which presented significant challenges for healthcare facilities worldwide. We have identified and purified thuricin CD, a two-component antimicrobial that shows activity against C. difficile in the nanomolar range. Thuricin CD is produced by Bacillus thuringiensis DPC 6431, a bacterial strain isolated from a human fecal sample, and it consists of two distinct peptides, Trn-alpha and Trn-beta, that act synergistically to kill a wide range of clinical C. difficile isolates, including ribotypes commonly associated with CDAD (e.g., ribotype 027). However, this bacteriocin thuricin CD has little impact on most other genera, including many gastrointestinal commensals. Complete amino acid sequencing using infusion tandem mass spectrometry indicated that each peptide is posttranslationally modified at its respective 21st, 25th, and 28th residues. Solution NMR studies on [(13)C,(15)N] Trn-alpha and [(13)C,(15)N]Trn-beta were used to characterize these modifications. Analysis of multidimensional NOESY data shows that specific cysteines are linked to the alpha-carbons of the modified residues, forming three sulfur to alpha-carbon bridges. Complete sequencing of the thuricin CD gene cluster revealed genes capable of encoding two S'-adenosylmethionine proteins that are characteristically associated with unusual posttranslational modifications. Thuricin CD is a two-component antimicrobial peptide system with sulfur to alpha-carbon linkages, and it may have potential as a targeted therapy in the treatment of CDAD while also reducing collateral impact on the commensal flora.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and transcriptional analysis of thurincin H, a tandem repeated bacteriocin genetic locus, produced by Bacillus thuringiensis SF361 Abstract: Thurincin H, a bacteriocin produced by Bacillus thuringiensis SF361 isolated from honey, strongly inhibited the growth of Bacillus cereus F4552. The bacteriocin was purified by 65% ammonium sulfate precipitation of the culture supernatant, followed by octyl-sepharose CL-4B and reverse-phase HPLC. The molecular mass of the bacteriocin was determined to be 3139.51 Da and the 14 amino acids of the bacteriocin at the N-terminus were identified. The complete amino acid sequence of mature thurincin H was deduced from three structural genes, thnA1, thnA2, and thnA3 found in tandem repeats on the chromosome, all of which encode for the same bacteriocin, thurincin H. The genetic determinants for thurincin H biosynthesis consist of 10 ORFs, including three thurincin H structural genes. Northern hybridization elucidated that the transcription of all three bacteriocin structural genes was regulated by a putative promoter located upstream of thnA1.	1
Title: Subtilosin production by two Bacillus subtilis subspecies and variance of the sbo-alb cluster Abstract: Eight different Bacillus subtilis strains and Bacillus atrophaeus were found to produce the bacteriocin subtilosin A. On the basis of the subtilosin gene (sbo) sequences two distinct classes of B. subtilis strains were distinguished, and they fell into the two B. subtilis subspecies (B. subtilis subsp. subtilis and B. subtilis subsp. spizizenii). The entire sequence of the subtilosin gene cluster of a B. subtilis subsp. spizizenii strain, B. subtilis ATCC 6633, was determined. This sequence exhibited a high level of homology to the sequence of the sbo-alb gene locus of B. subtilis 168. By using primer extension analysis the transcriptional start sites of sbo in B. subtilis strains ATCC 6633 and 168 were found to be 47 and 45 bp upstream of the sbo start codon, respectively. Our results provide insight into the incipient evolutionary divergence of the two B. subtilis subspecies.	1
Title: Nucleophilic 1,4-additions for natural product discovery Abstract: Natural products remain an important source of drug candidates, but the difficulties inherent to traditional isolation, coupled with unacceptably high rates of compound rediscovery, limit the pace of natural product detection. Here we describe a reactivity-based screening method to rapidly identify exported bacterial metabolites that contain dehydrated amino acids (i.e., carbonyl- or imine-activated alkenes), a common motif in several classes of natural products. Our strategy entails the use of a commercially available thiol, dithiothreitol, for the covalent labeling of activated alkenes by nucleophilic 1,4-addition. Modification is easily discerned by comparing mass spectra of reacted and unreacted cell surface extracts. When combined with bioinformatic analysis of putative natural product gene clusters, targeted screening and isolation can be performed on a prioritized list of strains. Moreover, known compounds are easily dereplicated, effectively eliminating superfluous isolation and characterization. As a proof of principle, this labeling method was used to identify known natural products belonging to the thiopeptide, lanthipeptide, and linaridin classes. Further, upon screening a panel of only 23 actinomycetes, we discovered and characterized a novel thiopeptide antibiotic, cyclothiazomycin C.	1
Title: Regulation of the biosynthesis of thiopeptide antibiotic cyclothiazomycin by the transcriptional regulator SHJG8833 in Streptomyces hygroscopicus 5008 Abstract: Cyclothiazomycin is a member of the thiopeptide antibiotics, which are usually complicated derivatives of ribosomally synthesized peptides. A gene cluster containing 12 ORFs identical to the clt cluster encoding cyclothiazomycin from Streptomyces hygroscopicus 10-22 was revealed by genome sequencing in S. hygroscopicus 5008. Genes SHJG8833 and SHJG8837 of the cluster and flanking gene SHJG8838 were predicted to encode regulatory proteins from different families. In this study, we showed that the newly identified cluster is functional and we investigated the roles of these regulatory genes in the regulation of cyclothiazomycin biosynthesis. We determined that SHJG8833, but not SHJG8837 or SHJG8838, is critical for cyclothiazomycin biosynthesis. The transcriptional start point of SHJG8833 was located to a thymidine 54 nt upstream of the start codon. Inactivation of SHJG8833 abrogated the production of cyclothiazomycin, and synthesis could be restored by reintroducing SHJG8833 into the mutant strain. Gene expression analyses indicated that SHJG8833 regulates a consecutive set of seven genes from SHJG8826 to SHJG8832, whose products are predicted to be involved in different steps in the construction of the main framework of cyclothiazomycin. Transcriptional analysis indicated that these seven genes may form two operons, SHJG8826-27 and SHJG8828-32. Gel-shift analysis demonstrated that the DNA-binding domain of SHJG8833 binds the promoters of SHJG8826 and SHJG8828 and sequences internal to SHJG8826 and SHJG8829, and a conserved binding sequence was deduced. These results indicate that SHJG8833 is a positive regulator that controls cyclothiazomycin biosynthesis by activating structural genes in the clt cluster.	1
Title: Identification and analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster encoding the thiopeptide antibiotic cyclothiazomycin in Streptomyces hygroscopicus 10-22 Abstract: Thiopeptide antibiotics are an important class of natural products resulting from posttranslational modifications of ribosomally synthesized peptides. Cyclothiazomycin is a typical thiopeptide antibiotic that has a unique bridged macrocyclic structure derived from an 18-amino-acid structural peptide. Here we reported cloning, sequencing, and heterologous expression of the cyclothiazomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces hygroscopicus 10-22. Remarkably, successful heterologous expression of a 22.7-kb gene cluster in Streptomyces lividans 1326 suggested that there is a minimum set of 15 open reading frames that includes all of the functional genes required for cyclothiazomycin production. Six genes of these genes, cltBCDEFG flanking the structural gene cltA, were predicted to encode the enzymes required for the main framework of cyclothiazomycin, and two enzymes encoded by a putative operon, cltMN, were hypothesized to participate in the tailoring step to generate the tertiary thioether, leading to the final cyclization of the bridged macrocyclic structure. This rigorous bioinformatics analysis based on heterologous expression of cyclothiazomycin resulted in an ideal biosynthetic model for us to understand the biosynthesis of thiopeptides.	1
Title: Ribosomally synthesized thiopeptide antibiotics targeting elongation factor Tu Abstract: We identified the thiomuracins, a novel family of thiopeptides produced by a rare-actinomycete bacterium typed as a Nonomuraea species, via a screen for inhibition of growth of the bacterial pathogen Staphylococcus aureus. Thiopeptides are a class of macrocyclic, highly modified peptides that are decorated by thiazoles and defined by a central six-membered heterocyclic ring system. Mining the genomes of thiopeptide-producing strains revealed the elusive biosynthetic route for this class of antibiotics. The thiopeptides are chromosomally encoded, ribosomally synthesized proteins, and isolation of gene clusters for production of thiomuracin and the related thiopeptide GE2270A revealed the post-translational machinery required for maturation. The target of the thiomuracins was identified as bacterial Elongation Factor Tu (EF-Tu). In addition to potently inhibiting a target that is unexploited by marketed human therapeutics, the thiomuracins have a low propensity for selecting for antibiotic resistance and confer no measurable cross-resistance to antibiotics in clinical use.	1
Title: Identification of the thiazolyl peptide GE37468 gene cluster from Streptomyces ATCC 55365 and heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans Abstract: Thiazolyl peptides are bacterial secondary metabolites that potently inhibit protein synthesis in Gram-positive bacteria and malarial parasites. Recently, our laboratory and others reported that this class of trithiazolyl pyridine-containing natural products is derived from ribosomally synthesized preproteins that undergo a cascade of posttranslational modifications to produce architecturally complex macrocyclic scaffolds. Here, we report the gene cluster responsible for production of the elongation factor Tu (EF-Tu)-targeting 29-member thiazolyl peptide GE37468 from Streptomyces ATCC 55365 and its heterologous expression in the model host Streptomyces lividans. GE37468 harbors an unusual β-methyl-δ-hydroxy-proline residue that may increase conformational rigidity of the macrocycle and impart reduced entropic costs of target binding. Isotope feeding and gene knockout were employed in the engineered S. lividans strain to identify the P450 monooxygenase GetJ as the enzyme involved in posttranslational transformation of isoleucine 8 to β-methyl-δ-hydroxy-proline through a predicted tandem double hydroxylation/cyclization mechanism. Loss of Ile8 oxygenative cyclization or mutation of Ile8 to alanine via preprotein gene replacement resulted in a 4-fold and 2-fold drop in antibiotic activity, respectively. This report of genetic manipulation of a 29-member thiazolyl peptide sets the stage for further genetic examination of structure activity relationships in the EF-Tu targeting class of thiazolyl peptides.	1
Title: Genome mining reveals a minimum gene set for the biosynthesis of 32-membered macrocyclic thiopeptides lactazoles Abstract: Although >100 thiopeptides have been discovered, the number of validated gene clusters involved in their biosynthesis is lagging. We use genome mining to identify a silent thiopeptide biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for biosynthesis of lactazoles. Lactazoles are structurally unique thiopeptides with a 32-membered macrocycle and a 2-oxazolyl-6-thiazolyl pyridine core. We demonstrate that lactazoles originate from the simplest cluster, containing only six unidirectional genes (lazA to lazF). We show that lazC is involved in the macrocyclization process, leading to central pyridine moiety formation. Substitution of the endogenous promoter with a strong promoter results in an approximately 30-fold increase in lactazole A production and mutagenesis of lazC precursor gene in production of two analogs. Lactazoles do not exhibit antimicrobial activity but may modulate signaling cascades triggered by bone morphogenetic protein. Our approach facilitates the production of a more diverse set of thiopeptide structures, increasing the semisynthetic repertoire for use in drug development.	1
Title: Characterization of a novel plasmid-borne thiopeptide gene cluster in Staphylococcus epidermidis strain 115 Abstract: Thiopeptides are small (12- to 17-amino-acid), heavily modified peptides of bacterial origin. This antibiotic family, with more than 100 known members, is characterized by the presence of sulfur-containing heterocyclic rings and dehydrated residues within a macrocyclic peptide structure. Thiopeptides, including micrococcin P1, have garnered significant attention in recent years for their potent antimicrobial activity against bacteria, fungi, and even protozoa. Micrococcin P1 is known to target the ribosome; however, like those of other thiopeptides, its biosynthesis and mechanisms of self-immunity are poorly characterized. We have discovered an isolate of Staphylococcus epidermidis harboring the genes for thiopeptide production and self-protection on a 24-kb plasmid. Here we report the characterization of this plasmid, identify the antimicrobial peptide that it encodes, and provide evidence of a target replacement-mediated mechanism of self-immunity.	1
Title: A simple reverse genetics approach to elucidating the biosynthetic pathway of nocathiacin Abstract: Genomic library screening and genome mining are currently employed to identify biosynthetic gene clusters of thiopeptides. To elucidate the biosynthetic pathway of nocathiacin, we present a new approach with the application of simple reverse genetics. A relationship between structural features of thiopeptides and their biosynthetic pathways is established and is a starting point for speedily elucidating biosynthetic genes of various ribosomally-synthesized bioactive peptides with diverse modifications.	1
Title: Moving posttranslational modifications forward to biosynthesize the glycosylated thiopeptide nocathiacin I in Nocardia sp. ATCC202099 Abstract: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of glycosylated antibiotic nocathiacin I (NOC-I) here adds new insights to thiopeptide biosynthesis, showing the NOC-specific tailoring and unusual sugar formation. NOC-I biosynthesis shares the paradigm for forming a common thiopeptide core and the generality for converting to an e series member, as that of the parent compound nosiheptide (NOS). This may permit the production of NOC-I in the genetically amenable, NOS-producing strain by building NOC-specific genes for pathway engineering.	1
Title: Nosiheptide biosynthesis featuring a unique indole side ring formation on the characteristic thiopeptide framework Abstract: Nosiheptide (NOS), belonging to the e series of thiopeptide antibiotics that exhibit potent activity against various bacterial pathogens, bears a unique indole side ring system and regiospecific hydroxyl groups on the characteristic macrocyclic core. Here, cloning, sequencing, and characterization of the nos gene cluster from Streptomyces actuosus ATCC 25421 as a model for this series of thiopeptides has unveiled new insights into their biosynthesis. Bioinformatics-based sequence analysis and in vivo investigation into the gene functions show that NOS biosynthesis shares a common strategy with recently characterized b or c series thiopeptides for forming the characteristic macrocyclic core, which features a ribosomally synthesized precursor peptide with conserved posttranslational modifications. However, it apparently proceeds via a different route for tailoring the thiopeptide framework, allowing the final product to exhibit the distinct structural characteristics of e series thiopeptides, such as the indole side ring system. Chemical complementation supports the notion that the S-adenosylmethionine-dependent protein NosL may play a central role in converting tryptophan to the key 3-methylindole moiety by an unusual carbon side chain rearrangement, most likely via a radical-initiated mechanism. Characterization of the indole side ring-opened analogue of NOS from the nosN mutant strain is consistent with the proposed methyltransferase activity of its encoded protein, shedding light into the timing of the individual steps for indole side ring biosynthesis. These results also suggest the feasibility of engineering novel thiopeptides for drug discovery by manipulating the NOS biosynthetic machinery.	1
Title: Thiopeptide biosynthesis featuring ribosomally synthesized precursor peptides and conserved posttranslational modifications Abstract: Thiopeptides, with potent activity against various drug-resistant pathogens, contain a characteristic macrocyclic core consisting of multiple thiazoles, dehydroamino acids, and a 6-membered nitrogen heterocycle. Their biosynthetic pathways remain elusive, in spite of great efforts by in vivo feeding experiments. Here, cloning, sequencing, and characterization of the thiostrepton and siomycin A gene clusters unveiled a biosynthetic paradigm for the thiopeptide specific core formation, featuring ribosomally synthesized precursor peptides and conserved posttranslational modifications. The paradigm generality for thiopeptide biosynthesis was supported by genome mining and ultimate confirmation of the thiocillin I production in Bacillus cereus ATCC 14579, a strain that was previously unknown as a thiopeptide producer. These findings set the stage to accelerate the discovery of thiopeptides by prediction at the genetic level and to generate structural diversity by applying combinatorial biosynthesis methods.	1
Title: Thirteen posttranslational modifications convert a 14-residue peptide into the antibiotic thiocillin Abstract: The thiazolylpeptides are a family of >50 bactericidal antibiotics that block the initial steps of bacterial protein synthesis. Here, we report a biosynthetic gene cluster for thiocillin and establish that it, and by extension the whole class, is ribosomally synthesized. Remarkably, the C-terminal 14 residues of a 52-residue peptide precursor undergo 13 posttranslational modifications to give rise to thiocillin, making this antibiotic the most heavily posttranslationally-modified peptide known to date.	1
Title: Thiostrepton biosynthesis: prototype for a new family of bacteriocins Abstract: Thiopeptide antibiotics are a group of highly modified peptide metabolites. The defining scaffold for the thiopeptides is a macrocycle containing a dehydropiperidine or pyridine ring, dehydrated amino acids, and multiple thiazole or oxazole rings. Some members of the thiopeptides, such as thiostrepton, also contain either a quinaldic acid or indolic acid substituent derived from tryptophan. Although the amino acid precursors of these metabolites are well-established, the biogenesis of these complex peptides has remained elusive. Whole-genome scanning of Streptomyces laurentii permitted identification of a thiostrepton prepeptide, TsrA, and involvement of TsrA in thiostrepton biosynthesis was confirmed by mutagenesis. A gene cluster responsible for thiostrepton biosynthesis is reported, and the encoded gene products are discussed. The disruption of a gene encoding an amidotransferase, tsrT, led to the loss of thiostrepton production and the detection of a new metabolite, contributing further support to the identification of the tsr cluster. The tsr locus also appears to possess the gene products needed to convert tryptophan to the quinaldic acid moiety, and an aminotransferase was found to catalyze an early step in this pathway. This work establishes that the thiopeptides are a type of bacteriocin, a family of genetically encoded antimicrobial peptides, and are subjected to extensive posttranslational modification during maturation of the prepeptide.	1
Title: Production of a new thiopeptide antibiotic, TP-1161, by a marine Nocardiopsis species Abstract: Twenty-seven marine sediment- and sponge-derived actinomycetes with a preference for or dependence on seawater for growth were classified at the genus level using molecular taxonomy. Their potential to produce bioactive secondary metabolites was analyzed by PCR screening for genes involved in polyketide and nonribosomal peptide antibiotic synthesis. Using microwell cultures, conditions for the production of antibacterial and antifungal compounds were identified for 15 of the 27 isolates subjected to this screening. Nine of the 15 active extracts were also active against multiresistant gram-positive bacterial and/or fungal indicator organisms, including vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium and multidrug-resistant Candida albicans. Activity-guided fractionation of fermentation extracts of isolate TFS65-07, showing strong antibacterial activity and classified as a Nocardiopsis species, allowed the identification and purification of the active compound. Structure elucidation revealed this compound to be a new thiopeptide antibiotic with a rare aminoacetone moiety. The in vitro antibacterial activity of this thiopeptide, designated TP-1161, against a panel of bacterial strains was determined.	1
Title: Amylocyclicin, a novel circular bacteriocin produced by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 is a Gram-positive plant growth-promoting bacterium with an impressive capacity to synthesize nonribosomal secondary metabolites with antimicrobial activity. Here we report on a novel circular bacteriocin which is ribosomally synthesized by FZB42. The compound displayed high antibacterial activity against closely related Gram-positive bacteria. Transposon mutagenesis and subsequent site-specific mutagenesis combined with matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectroscopy revealed that a cluster of six genes covering 4,490 bp was responsible for the production, modification, and export of and immunity to an antibacterial compound, here designated amylocyclicin, with a molecular mass of 6,381 Da. Peptide sequencing of the fragments obtained after tryptic digestion of the purified peptide revealed posttranslational cleavage of an N-terminal extension and head-to-tail circularization of the novel bacteriocin. Homology to other putative circular bacteriocins in related bacteria let us assume that this type of peptide is widespread among the Bacillus/Paenibacillus taxon.	1
Title: Biochemical and genetic characterization of coagulin, a new antilisterial bacteriocin in the pediocin family of bacteriocins, produced by Bacillus coagulans I(4) Abstract: A plasmid-linked antimicrobial peptide, named coagulin, produced by Bacillus coagulans I(4) has recently been reported (B. Hyronimus, C. Le Marrec and M. C. Urdaci, J. Appl. Microbiol. 85:42-50, 1998). In the present study, the complete, unambiguous primary amino acid sequence of the peptide was obtained by a combination of both N-terminal sequencing of purified peptide and the complete sequence deduced from the structural gene harbored by plasmid I(4). Data revealed that this peptide of 44 residues has an amino acid sequence similar to that described for pediocins AcH and PA-1, produced by different Pediococcus acidilactici strains and 100% identical. Coagulin and pediocin differed only by a single amino acid at their C terminus. Analysis of the genetic determinants revealed the presence, on the pI(4) DNA, of the entire 3.5-kb operon of four genes described for pediocin AcH and PA-1 production. No extended homology was observed between pSMB74 from P. acidilactici and pI(4) when analyzing the regions upstream and downstream of the operon. An oppositely oriented gene immediately dowstream of the bacteriocin operon specifies a 474-amino-acid protein which shows homology to Mob-Pre (plasmid recombination enzyme) proteins encoded by several small plasmids extracted from gram-positive bacteria. This is the first report of a pediocin-like peptide appearing naturally in a non-lactic acid bacterium genus.	1
Title: Biochemical and genetic characterization of enterocin A from Enterococcus faecium, a new antilisterial bacteriocin in the pediocin family of bacteriocins Abstract: A new bacteriocin has been isolated from an Enterococcus faecium strain. The bacteriocin, termed enterocin A, was purified to homogeneity as judged by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, N-terminal amino acid sequencing, and mass spectrometry analysis. By combining the data obtained from amino acid and DNA sequencing, the primary structure of enterocin A was determined. It consists of 47 amino acid residues, and the molecular weight was calculated to be 4,829, assuming that the four cysteine residues form intramolecular disulfide bridges. This molecular weight was confirmed by mass spectrometry analysis. The amino acid sequence of enterocin A shared significant homology with a group of bacteriocins (now termed pediocin-like bacteriocins) isolated from a variety of lactic acid-producing bacteria, which include members of the genera Lactobacillus, Pediococcus, Leuconostoc, and Carnobacterium. Sequencing of the structural gene of enterocin A, which is located on the bacterial chromosome, revealed an N-terminal leader sequence of 18 amino acid residues, which was removed during the maturation process. The enterocin A leader belongs to the double-glycine leaders which are found among most other small nonlantibiotic bacteriocins, some lantibiotics, and colicin V. Downstream of the enterocin A gene was located a second open reading frame, encoding a putative protein of 103 amino acid residues. This gene may encode the immunity factor of enterocin A, and it shares 40% identity with a similar open reading frame in the operon of leucocin AUL 187, another pediocin-like bacteriocin.	1
Title: Primary amino acid and DNA sequences of gassericin T, a lactacin F-family bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus gasseri SBT2055 Abstract: A broad-spectral bacteriocin, named gassericin T, produced by Lactobacillus gasseri SBT 2055 (from human feces) was isolated to homogeneity from the culture supernatant by hydrophobic chromatography. By SDS-PAGE and in situ activity assay, the purified gassericin T migrated as a single band with bacteriocin activity and molecular size of 5,400. A 2.9-kbp HindIII-HindIII fragment of chromosome DNA was hybridized with the oligonucleotide probe designed from the partial N-terminal amino acid sequence of gassericin T and was cloned. Six ORFs including the structural gene of gassericin T were deduced by computer analysis and the data bases. The structural gene of gassericin T (gatA) was identified as the fourth ORF, which encoded a protein composed of 75 amino acids that included the GG motif of the cleavage site. Chemical sequencing analysis of the complete amino acid sequence showed that gassericin T (57 amino acids) had a disulfide bond in the molecule and no modified amino acid residues, making it a class II bacteriocin. The gassericin T had 60% sequence similarity to mature LafA (57 amino acids, lactacin F, bacteriocins produced by L. johnsonii VPI11088), and the sequences around the processing site and C-terminal area were well conserved. The fifth ORF was designated as gatX, encoded as a peptide composed of 65 amino acids containing the GG motif of the putative cleavage site, however mature GatX and its antibacterial activity were not detected in the culture supernatant. GatX has higher similarity with LafX than with lactobin A (50 amino acids) belonging to the first lactacin F-family. These results indicated that gassericin T belongs to the hydrophobic class II bacteriocins and the most vicinal lactacin F-family.	1
Title: Rectification of two Escherichia coli heat-stable enterotoxin allele sequences and lack of biological effect of changing the carboxy-terminal tyrosine to histidine Abstract: Resequencing estA3, an allele of the methanol-soluble heat-stable enterotoxin of Escherichia coli showed that the proline triplet 19 is in fact an alanine codon; thus, estA alleles 3 and 4 were shown to be identical. Resequencing has also shown that the carboxy terminus of another allele, estA2, is not the previously inferred histidine triplet but the same tyrosine codon reported for all other estA alleles. The improperly inferred histidine codon was used in constructions to fuse estA2 to the B subunit of the heat-labile enterotoxin gene, and the fused gene products as well as three amino acid insertional mutants containing histidine-72 were not efficiently secreted. We show that the defective secretion is not due to histidine as a carboxy-terminal residue, since site-directed mutagenesis of wild-type tyrosine-72 to histidine did not influence the localization of the activity of the methanol-soluble heat-stable enterotoxin.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the DNA region responsible for Megacin A-216 production in Bacillus megaterium 216 Abstract: Upon induction, Bacillus megaterium 216 produces the bacteriocin megacin A-216, which leads to lysis of the producer cell and kills B. megaterium and a few other bacterial species. The DNA region responsible for megacinogeny was cloned in B. megaterium. The nucleotide sequence of a 5,494-bp-long subfragment was determined, and the function of the genes on this fragment was studied by generating deletions and analyzing their effects on MegA phenotypes. An open reading frame (ORF) encoding a 293-amino-acid protein was identified as the gene (megA) coding for megacin A-216. BLAST searches detected sequence similarity between megacin A-216 and proteins with phospholipase A2 activity. Purified biologically active megacin A-216 preparations contained three proteins. Mass spectrometry analysis showed that the largest protein is the full-length translation product of the megA gene, whereas the two shorter proteins are fragments of the long protein created by cleavage between Gln-185 and Val-186. The molecular masses of the three polypeptides are 32,855, 21,018, and 11,855 Da, respectively. Comparison of different megacin preparations suggests that the intact chain as well as the two combined fragments can form biologically active megacin. An ORF located next to the megA gene and encoding a 91-amino-acid protein was shown to be responsible for the relative immunity displayed by the producer strain against megacin A-216. Besides the megA gene, at least two other genes, including a gene encoding a 188-amino-acid protein sharing high sequence similarity with RNA polymerase sigma factors, were shown to be required for induction of megacin A-216 expression.	1
Title: Plantaricin W from Lactobacillus plantarum belongs to a new family of two-peptide lantibiotics Abstract: Plantaricin W (Plw) is a new two-peptide bacteriocin, from Lactobacillus plantarum, which inhibits a large number of Gram-positive bacteria. The two peptides, Plwalpha (comprising 29 residues) and Plwbeta (comprising 32 residues), were isolated from the culture supernatants and characterized. The individual peptides had low antimicrobial activity but acted synergistically, and synergism was seen at all mixing ratios tested. The data indicate that the two peptides work in a 1:1 ratio. Chemical analyses showed that both peptides are lantibiotics, but two unmodified cysteines and one serine residue were present in Plwalpha, and Plwbeta contained one cysteine residue. The Plw structural genes were sequenced and shown to encode prepeptides with sequence similarities to two other two-peptide lantibiotics, namely staphylococcin C55 and lacticin 3147. The conserved residues are mainly serines, threonines and cysteines that can be involved in intramolecular thioether bond formation in the C-terminal parts of the molecules. This indicates that these bacteriocins are members of a new family of lantibiotics with common bridging patterns, and that the ring structures play an important functional role. Based on the data a structural model is presented in which each peptide has a central lanthionine and two overlapping thioether bridges close to their C-termini.	1
Title: Characterization of salivaricin CRL 1328, a two-peptide bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus salivarius CRL 1328 isolated from the human vagina Abstract: Salivaricin CRL 1328 is a heat-stable bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus salivarius CRL 1328, a strain isolated from healthy human vagina, with potential applications for preventing urogenital infections. The objective of this study was to characterize the locus responsible for salivaricin CRL 1328 production and its mechanism of action against Enterococcus faecalis MP97 as the sensitive strain. Oligonucleotides were designed based on sequences of antimicrobial peptides previously described in the literature. The salivaricin CRL 1328 cluster was identified, sequenced and analyzed. This cluster was similar to the previously described ABP118 which codified for a two-peptide bacteriocin. The putative mature peptides of salivaricin CRL 1328, Salalpha and Salbeta were chemically synthesized. These peptides did not show bacteriocin activity when assayed individually. Both peptides exhibited optimal antimicrobial activity at an equimolar ratio. Spectroscopic fluorescence assays were carried out using the synthetic peptides to study the effect of salivaricin on proton motive force. This bacteriocin was shown to dissipate membrane potential and the transmembrane proton gradient, both components of proton motive force. E. faecalis MP97 cells treated with salivaricin CRL 1328 peptides were observed in transmission electron microscopy which revealed ultrastructural modifications of the cell wall.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the thioviridamide biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces olivoviridis Abstract: Thioviridamide is a unique peptide antibiotic containing five thioamide bonds from Streptomyces olivoviridis. Draft genome sequencing revealed a gene (the tvaA gene) encoding the thioviridamide precursor peptide. The thioviridamide biosynthesis gene cluster was identified by heterologous production of thioviridamide in Streptomyces lividans.	1
Title: A Genomics-Based Approach Identifies a Thioviridamide-Like Compound with Selective Anticancer Activity Abstract: Thioviridamide is a structurally novel ribosomally synthesized and post-translational modified peptide (RiPP) produced by Streptomyces olivoviridis NA005001. It is characterized by a structure that features a series of thioamide groups and possesses potent antiproliferative activity in cancer cell lines. Its unusual structure allied to its promise as an anticancer compound led us to investigate the diversity of thioviridamide-like pathways across sequenced bacterial genomes. We have isolated and characterized three diverse members of this family of natural products. This characterization is supported by transformation-associated recombination cloning and heterologous expression of one of these compounds, thiostreptamide S4. Our work provides an insight into the diversity of this rare class of compound and indicates that the unusual N-terminus of thioviridamide is not introduced biosynthetically but is instead introduced during acetone extraction. A detailed analysis of the biological activity of one of the newly discovered compounds, thioalbamide, indicates that it is highly cytotoxic to cancer cells, while exhibiting significantly less activity toward a noncancerous epithelial cell line.	1
Title: Bovicin HJ50-like lantibiotics, a novel subgroup of lantibiotics featured by an indispensable disulfide bridge Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally-synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides with potent antimicrobial activities. Discovery of novel lantibiotics has been greatly accelerated with the soaring release of genomic information of microorganisms. As a unique class II lantibiotic, bovicin HJ50 is produced by Streptococcus bovis HJ50 and contains one rare disulfide bridge. By using its precursor BovA as a drive sequence, 16 BovA-like peptides were revealed in a wide variety of species. From them, three representative novel lan loci from Clostridium perfringens D str. JGS1721, Bacillus cereus As 1.348 and B. thuringiensis As 1.013 were identified by PCR screening. The corresponding mature lantibiotics designated perecin, cerecin and thuricin were obtained and structurally elucidated to be bovicin HJ50-like lantibiotics especially by containing a conserved disulfide bridge. The disulfide bridge was substantiated to be essential for the function of bovicin HJ50-like lantibiotics as its disruption eliminated their antimicrobial activities. Further analysis indicated that the disulfide bridge played a crucial role in maintaining the hydrophobicity of bovicin HJ50, which might facilitate it to exert antimicrobial function. This study unveiled a novel subgroup of disulfide-containing lantibiotics from bacteria of different niches and further demonstrated the indispensable role of disulfide bridge in these novel bovicin HJ50-like lantibiotics.	1
Title: MIDDAS-M: motif-independent de novo detection of secondary metabolite gene clusters through the integration of genome sequencing and transcriptome data Abstract: Many bioactive natural products are produced as "secondary metabolites" by plants, bacteria, and fungi. During the middle of the 20th century, several secondary metabolites from fungi revolutionized the pharmaceutical industry, for example, penicillin, lovastatin, and cyclosporine. They are generally biosynthesized by enzymes encoded by clusters of coordinately regulated genes, and several motif-based methods have been developed to detect secondary metabolite biosynthetic (SMB) gene clusters using the sequence information of typical SMB core genes such as polyketide synthases (PKS) and non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS). However, no detection method exists for SMB gene clusters that are functional and do not include core SMB genes at present. To advance the exploration of SMB gene clusters, especially those without known core genes, we developed MIDDAS-M, a motif-independent de novodetection algorithm for SMB gene clusters. We integrated virtual gene cluster generation in an annotated genome sequence with highly sensitive scoring of the cooperative transcriptional regulation of cluster member genes. MIDDAS-M accurately predicted 38 SMB gene clusters that have been experimentally confirmed and/or predicted by other motif-based methods in 3 fungal strains. MIDDAS-M further identified a new SMB gene cluster for ustiloxin B, which was experimentally validated. Sequence analysis of the cluster genes indicated a novel mechanism for peptide biosynthesis independent of NRPS. Because it is fully computational and independent of empirical knowledge about SMB core genes, MIDDAS-M allows a large-scale, comprehensive analysis of SMB gene clusters, including those with novel biosynthetic mechanisms that do not contain any functionally characterized genes.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the ribosomally synthesized cyclic peptide ustiloxin B in Aspergillus flavus Abstract: Ustiloxin B is a secondary metabolite known to be produced by Ustilaginoidea virens. In our previous paper, we observed the production of this compound by Aspergillus flavus, and identified two A. flavus genes responsible for ustiloxin B biosynthesis (Umemura et al., 2013). The compound is a cyclic tetrapeptide of Tyr-Ala-Ile-Gly, whose tyrosine is modified with a non-protein coding amino acid, norvaline. Although its chemical structure strongly suggested that ustiloxin B is biosynthesized by a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase, in the present study, we observed its synthesis through a ribosomal peptide synthetic (RiPS) pathway by precise sequence analyses after experimental validation of the cluster. The cluster possessed a gene (AFLA_094980), termed ustA, whose translated product, UstA, contains a 16-fold repeated peptide embedding a tetrapeptide, Tyr-Ala-Ile-Gly, that is converted into the cyclic moiety of ustiloxin B. This result strongly suggests that ustiloxin B is biosynthesized through a RiPS pathway and that UstA provides the precursor peptide of the compound. The present work is the first characterization of RiPS in Ascomycetes and the entire RiPS gene cluster in fungi. Based on the sequence analyses, we also proposed a biosynthetic mechanism involving the entire gene cluster. Our finding indicates the possibility that a number of unidentified RiPSs exist in Ascomycetes as the biosynthetic genes of secondary metabolites, and that the feature of a highly repeated peptide sequence in UstA will greatly contribute to the discovery of additional RiPS.	1
Title: Expression of ustR and the Golgi protease KexB are required for ustiloxin B biosynthesis in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: Ustiloxin B, originally isolated from the fungus Ustilaginoidea virens, is a known inhibitor of microtubule assembly. Ustiloxin B is also produced by Aspergillus flavus and is synthesized through the ribosomal peptide synthesis pathway. In A. flavus, the gene cluster associated with ustiloxin B production contains 15 genes including those encoding a fungal C6-type transcription factor and ustiloxin B precursor. Although the koji mold Aspergillus oryzae, which is genetically close to A. flavus, has the corresponding gene cluster, it does not produce ustiloxin B, which may be explained by the fact that the gene encoding the transcription factor UstR is not expressed. Here, to investigate whether ustiloxin B can be produced by expressing ustR in A. oryzae, we constructed ustR expression (ustR (EX)) strains and analyzed ustiloxin B production. In the ustR (EX) strains, all genes in the cluster were up-regulated, in line with expression of ustR, and ustiloxin B produced. To elucidate whether the KexB protease is involved in the processing of the ustiloxin B precursor protein UstA, which has repeats of basic amino acid doublets resembling KexB target sites, we also constructed a ustR (EX) strain with the ∆kexB genotype. Although ustR was expressed in this strain, ustiloxin B was barely detectable. This finding strongly suggests that KexB is required for ustiloxin B production.	1
Title: Unveiling the Biosynthetic Pathway of the Ribosomally Synthesized and Post-translationally Modified Peptide Ustiloxin B in Filamentous Fungi Abstract: The biosynthetic machinery of the first fungal ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) ustiloxin B was elucidated through a series of gene inactivation and heterologous expression studies. The results confirmed an essential requirement for novel oxidases possessing the DUF3328 motif for macrocyclization, and highly unique side-chain modifications by three oxidases (UstCF1F2) and a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzyme (UstD). These findings provide new insight into the expression of the RiPP gene clusters found in various fungi.	1
Title: A systematic analysis of biosynthetic gene clusters in the human microbiome reveals a common family of antibiotics Abstract: In complex biological systems, small molecules often mediate microbe-microbe and microbe-host interactions. Using a systematic approach, we identified 3,118 small-molecule biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) in genomes of human-associated bacteria and studied their representation in 752 metagenomic samples from the NIH Human Microbiome Project. Remarkably, we discovered that BGCs for a class of antibiotics in clinical trials, thiopeptides, are widely distributed in genomes and metagenomes of the human microbiota. We purified and solved the structure of a thiopeptide antibiotic, lactocillin, from a prominent member of the vaginal microbiota. We demonstrate that lactocillin has potent antibacterial activity against a range of Gram-positive vaginal pathogens, and we show that lactocillin and other thiopeptide BGCs are expressed in vivo by analyzing human metatranscriptomic sequencing data. Our findings illustrate the widespread distribution of small-molecule-encoding BGCs in the human microbiome, and they demonstrate the bacterial production of drug-like molecules in humans. PAPERCLIP:	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of the astaxanthin biosynthesis gene cluster from the marine bacterium Paracoccus haeundaensis Abstract: Carotenoids are important natural pigments produced by many microorganisms and plants. In a previous study, we isolated and characterized a marine bacterium, Paracoccus haeundaensis, which produces carotenoids, mainly astaxanthin. In the present study, a carotenoid biosynthesis gene cluster involved in the production of astaxanthin was isolated and characterized from this marine bacterium. The cluster contained six carotenogenic genes, five of which, with the same orientation, were designated crtW, crtZ, crtY, crtI, and crtB, and one of which, with the opposite orientation, was designated crtE. The crtW, crtZ, crtY, crtI, crtB, and crtE genes contained 726, 486, 1158, 1503, 912, and 879 base pairs, respectively, and encoded polypeptides of 242, 162, 386, 501, 304, and 293 amino acid residues, respectively. The stop codon of each crt gene, except crtE, overlapped the start codon of the following crt gene. Comparisons of the structures and nucleotide sequences of the crt genes showed that the signature domains of the carotenoid biosynthesis genes are highly conserved. The molecular phylogenetic tree analysis showed the evolutionary relationships among the carotenoid biosynthesis genes of various organisms. An expression vector (pCR-XR-TOPO-Crt-full vector) containing the astaxanthin biosynthesis genes was constructed and transformed into Escherichia coli BL21(DE3) Codon Plus cells. The E. coli transformants produced 400 microg astaxanthin per gram of dry cell weight.	1
Title: Sesquiterpene synthase from the botrydial biosynthetic gene cluster of the phytopathogen Botrytis cinerea Abstract: The fungus Botrytis cinerea is the causal agent of the economically important gray mold disease that affects more than 200 ornamental and agriculturally important plant species. B. cinerea is a necrotrophic plant pathogen that secretes nonspecific phytotoxins, including the sesquiterpene botrydial and the polyketide botcinic acid. The region surrounding the previously characterized BcBOT1 gene has now been identified as the botrydial biosynthetic gene cluster.Five genes including BcBOT1 and BcBOT2 were shown by quantitative reverse transcription-PCR to be co-regulated through the calcineurin signaling pathway. Inactivation of the BcBOT2 gene, encoding a putative sesquiterpene cyclase, abolished botrydial biosynthesis, which could be restored by in trans complementation.Inactivation of BcBOT2 also resulted in overproduction of botcinic acid that was observed to be strain-dependent. Recombinant BcBOT2 protein converted farnesyl diphosphate to the parent sesquiterpene of the botrydial biosynthetic pathway, the tricyclic alcohol presilphiperfolan-8beta-ol.	1
Title: Cloning of the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of brasilicardin A, a unique diterpenoid Abstract: Brasilicardin A (BCA), produced by Nocardia brasiliensis IFM 0406 (currently referred to as N. terpenica), has a unique structure consisting of a diterpene skeleton with L-rhamnose, N-acetylglucosamine, amino acid, and 3-hydroxybenzoate moieties, and exhibits potent biological activities. To understand the biosynthetic machinery of this unique compound, we have cloned the corresponding gene cluster. Firstly, we cloned a gene by PCR that encodes geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase (GGPPS), which produces a direct precursor of diterpene compounds. We obtained four candidate genes and one of the genes was confirmed to encode a GGPPS. By sequence analysis of regions flanking the GGPPS gene, we identified eleven genes (bra1-11), all oriented in the same direction. We did not, however, detect any genes related to L-rhamnose and N-acetylglucosamine biosyntheses in the flanking regions. A gene disruption experiment did indeed show that this gene cluster was responsible for BCA biosynthesis.	1
Title: High-Quality Draft Genome Sequence of the Actinobacterium Nocardia terpenica IFM 0406, Producer of the Immunosuppressant Brasilicardins, Using Illumina and PacBio Technologies Abstract: The bacterium Nocardia terpenica IFM 0406 is known as the producer of the immunosuppressant brasilicardin A. Here, we report the completely sequenced genome of strain IFM 0406, which facilitates the heterologous expression of the brasilicardin biosynthetic gene cluster but also unveils the intriguing biosynthetic capacity of the strain to produce secondary metabolites.	1
Title: The Immunosuppressant Brasilicardin: Determination of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in the Heterologous Host Amycolatopsis japonicum Abstract: Nocardia terpenica IFM 0406 is the producer of the immunosuppressants brasilicardins A-D. Brasilicardin is a promising compound because of its unique mode of action and its higher potency and reduced toxicity compared to today's standard drugs. However, production of brasilicardin is so far hampered as Nocardia terpenica IFM 0406 synthesizes brasilicardin in only low amounts and represents a human pathogen (biosafety level 2 BSL2). In order to achieve a safe and high yield production of brasilicardin A (BraA), the authors heterologously express the brasilicardin gene cluster in the nocardioform actinomycete Amycolatopsis japonicum (A. japonicum::bcaAB01), which is fast growing, genetically accessible and closely related to N. terpenica IFM 0406. In A. japonicum::bcaAB01, four brasilicardin congeners, intermediates of the BraA biosynthesis, are produced. Investigation of the genes flanking the previously defined brasilicardin biosynthetic gene cluster revealed two novel genes (bra0, bra12), which are involved in brasilicardin biosynthesis: bra12 encodes a transcriptional activator of the brasilicardin gene cluster. bra0 codes for a dioxygenase involved in methoxylation of brasilicardin. Based on this finding the authors are able to revise the proposed brasilicardin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Elucidation of a carotenoid biosynthesis gene cluster encoding a novel enzyme, 2,2'-beta-hydroxylase, from Brevundimonas sp. strain SD212 and combinatorial biosynthesis of new or rare xanthophylls Abstract: A carotenoid biosynthesis gene cluster mediating the production of 2-hydroxyastaxanthin was isolated from the marine bacterium Brevundimonas sp. strain SD212 by using a common crtI sequence as the probe DNA. A sequence analysis revealed this cluster to contain 12 open reading frames (ORFs), including the 7 known genes, crtW, crtY, crtI, crtB, crtE, idi, and crtZ. The individual ORFs were functionally analyzed by complementation studies using Escherichia coli that accumulated various carotenoid precursors due to the presence of other bacterial crt genes. In addition to functionally identifying the known crt genes, we found that one (ORF11, named crtG) coded for a novel enzyme, carotenoid 2,2'-beta-hydroxylase, which showed intriguingly partial homology with animal sterol-C5-desaturase. When this crtG gene was introduced into E. coli accumulating zeaxanthin and canthaxanthin, the resulting transformants produced their 2-hydroxylated and 2,2'-dihydroxylated products which were structurally novel or rare xanthophylls, as determined by their nuclear magnetic resonance and high-performance liquid chromatography/photodiode array detector/atmospheric pressure chemical ionization mass spectrometry spectral data. The new carotenoid produced was suggested to have a strong inhibitory effect on lipid peroxidation.	1
Title: Canthaxanthin biosynthesis by the conversion of methylene to keto groups in a hydrocarbon beta-carotene by a single gene Abstract: Compounds that include (a) keto group(s) in a molecule are ubiquitous natural components. A novel gene involved in ketocompound biosynthesis, designated crtW, was isolated from the marine bacteria Agrobacterium aurantiacum and Alcaligenes PC-1 that produce ketocarotenoids such as astaxanthin. When this gene was introduced into Escherichia coli that accumulated beta-carotene due to the Erwinia carotenogenic genes, the E. coli transformants synthesized canthaxanthin, one of ketocarotenoids, which was identified after purification by its visible, FD-MS and 1H-NMR spectral analysis. It has been demonstrated for the first time that one gene encodes an enzyme "ketolase" that catalyzes the conversion of methylene groups of a hydrocarbon beta-carotene to keto groups for synthesizing canthaxanthin via echinenone.	1
Title: Structure and functional analysis of a marine bacterial carotenoid biosynthesis gene cluster and astaxanthin biosynthetic pathway proposed at the gene level Abstract: A carotenoid biosynthesis gene cluster for the production of astaxanthin was isolated from the marine bacterium Agrobacterium aurantiacum. This cluster contained five carotenogenic genes with the same orientation, which were designated crtW, crtZ, crtY, crtI, and crtB. The stop codons of individual crt genes except for crtB overlapped the start codons of the following crt genes. Escherichia coli transformants carrying the Erwinia uredovora carotenoid biosynthesis genes provide suitable substrates for carotenoid biosynthesis. The functions of the five crt genes of A. aurantiacum were determined through chromatographic and spectroscopic analyses of the pigments accumulated in some E. coli transformants carrying various combinations of the E. uredovora and A. aurantiacum carotenogenic genes. As a result, the astaxanthin biosynthetic pathway is proposed for the first time at the level of the biosynthesis genes. The crtW and crtZ gene products, which mediated the oxygenation reactions from beta-carotene to astaxanthin, were found to have low substrate specificity. This allowed the production of many presumed intermediates of astaxanthin, i.e., adonixanthin, phoenicoxanthin (adonirubin), canthaxanthin, 3'-hydroxyechinenone, and 3-hydroxyechinenone.	1
Title: A carotenogenic gene cluster from Brevibacterium linens with novel lycopene cyclase genes involved in the synthesis of aromatic carotenoids Abstract: The carotenogenic (crt) gene cluster from Brevibacterium linens, a member of the commercially important group of coryneform bacteria, was cloned and identified. An expression library of B. linens genes was constructed and a fragment of the crt cluster was obtained by functional complementation of a colourless B. flavum mutant, screening transformed cells for production of a yellow pigment. Subsequent screening of a cosmid library resulted in the cloning of the whole crt cluster from B. linens. All genes necessary for the synthesis of the aromatic carotenoid isorenieratene were identified on the basis of sequence homologies. In addition a novel type of lycopene cyclase was identified by complementation of a lycopene-accumulating B. flavum mutant. Two genes, named crt Yc and crt Yd, which code for polypeptides of 125 and 107 amino acids, respectively, are necessary to convert lycopene to beta-carotene. The amino acid sequences of these polypeptides show no similarity to any of the known lycopene cyclases. This is the first example of a carotenoid biosynthetic conversion in which two different gene products are involved, probably forming a heterodimer.	1
Title: Expression and functional analysis of a gene cluster involved in the synthesis of decaprenoxanthin reveals the mechanisms for C50 carotenoid formation Abstract: Corynebacterium glutamicum accumulates the C50 carotenoid decaprenoxanthin. Rescued DNA from transposon color mutants of this Gram-positive bacterium was used to clone the carotenoid biosynthetic gene cluster. By sequence comparison and functional complementation, the genes involved in the synthesis of carotenoids with 50 carbon atoms were identified. The genes crtE, encoding a geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase, crtB, encoding a phytoene synthase, and crtI, encoding a phytoene desaturase, are responsible for the formation of lycopene. The products of three novel genes, crtYe and crtYf, with sequence similarities to heterodimeric lycopene cyclase crtYc and crtYd, together with crtEb which exhibits a prenyl transferase motif, were involved in the conversion of C40 acyclic lycopene to cyclic C50 carotenoids. Using functional complementation in Escherichia coli, it could be shown that the elongation of lycopene to the acyclic C50 carotenoid flavuxanthin by the addition of C5 isoprenoid units at positions C-2 and C-2' is catalyzed by the crtEb gene product. Subsequently, the gene products of crtYe and crtYf in a concerted action convert the acyclic flavuxanthin into the cyclic C50 carotene, decaprenoxanthin, forming two epsilon-ionone groups. The mechanisms, involving two individual steps for the formation of cyclic C50 carotenoids from lycopene, are proposed on the basis of these results.	1
Title: Elucidation of the Erwinia uredovora carotenoid biosynthetic pathway by functional analysis of gene products expressed in Escherichia coli Abstract: The most important function of carotenoid pigments, especially beta-carotene in higher plants, is to protect organisms against photooxidative damage (G. Britton, in T. W. Goodwin, ed., Plant Pigments--1988, 1988; N. I. Krinsky, in O. Isler, H. Gutmann, and U. Solms, ed., Carotenoids--1971, 1971). beta-Carotene also functions as a precursor of vitamin A in mammals (G. A. J. Pitt, in I. Osler, H. Gutmann, and U. Solms, ed., Carotenoids--1971, 1971). The enzymes and genes which mediate the biosynthesis of cyclic carotenoids such as beta-carotene are virtually unknown. We have elucidated for the first time the pathway for biosynthesis of these carotenoids at the level of enzyme-catalyzed reactions, using bacterial carotenoid biosynthesis genes. These genes were cloned from a phytopathogenic bacterium, Erwinia uredovora 20D3 (ATCC 19321), in Escherichia coli and located on a 6,918-bp fragment whose nucleotide sequence was determined. Six open reading frames were found and designated the crtE, crtX, crtY, crtI, crtB, and crtZ genes in reference to the carotenoid biosynthesis genes of a photosynthetic bacterium, Rhodobacter capsulatus; only crtZ had the opposite orientation from the others. The carotenoid biosynthetic pathway in Erwinia uredovora was clarified by analyzing carotenoids accumulated in E. coli transformants in which some of these six genes were expressed, as follows: geranylgeranyl PPiCrtB----prephytoene PPiCrtE----phytoeneCrtI---- lycopeneCrtY----beta-caroteneCrtZ----zeaxanthinCrtX--- -zeaxanthin-beta- diglucoside. The carotenoids in this pathway appear to be close to those in higher plants rather than to those in bacteria. Also significant is that only one gene product (CrtI) for the conversion of phytoene to lycopene is required, a conversion in which four sequential desaturations should occur via the intermediates phytofluene, zeta-carotene, and neurosporene.	1
Title: Diversity of carotenoid synthesis gene clusters from environmental Enterobacteriaceae strains Abstract: Eight Enterobacteriaceae strains that produce zeaxanthin and derivatives of this compound were isolated from a variety of environmental samples. Phylogenetic analysis showed that these strains grouped with different clusters of Erwinia type strains. Four strains representing the phylogenetic diversity were chosen for further characterization, which revealed their genetic diversity as well as their biochemical diversity. The carotenoid synthesis gene clusters cloned from the four strains had three different gene organizations. Two of the gene clusters, those from strains DC416 and DC260, had the classical organization crtEXYIBZ; the gene cluster from DC413 had the rare organization crtE-idi-XYIBZ; and the gene cluster from DC404 had the unique organization crtE-idi-YIBZ. Besides the diversity in genetic organization, these genes also exhibited considerable sequence diversity. On average, they exhibited 60 to 70% identity with each other, as well as with the corresponding genes of the Pantoea type strains. The four different clusters were individually expressed in Escherichia coli, and the two idi-containing clusters gave more than fivefold-higher carotenoid titers than the two clusters lacking idi. Expression of the crtEYIB genes with and without idi confirmed the effect of increasing carotenoid titer by the type II idi gene linked with the carotenoid synthesis gene clusters.	1
Title: A carotenoid synthesis gene cluster from a non-marine Brevundimonas that synthesizes hydroxylated astaxanthin Abstract: A Brevundimonas vesicularis strain DC263 isolated from surface soil was shown to produce hydroxylated astaxanthin. A carotenoid synthesis gene cluster containing ten genes was cloned from strain DC263, among which eight genes were involved in carotenoid synthesis. In addition to the crtW gene encoding the 4,4'-beta-ionone ring ketolase and the crtZ gene encoding the 3,3'-beta-ionone ring hydroxylase that were responsible for astaxanthin synthesis, the cluster also contained a novel gene crtG identified recently encoding the 2,2'-beta-ionone ring hydroxylase that further hydroxylate astaxanthin. The individual genes in the DC263 cluster showed the highest sequence similarities to the corresponding genes reported in Brevundimonas sp. strain SD212, a marine isolate that also produced hydroxylated astaxanthin. The genetic organization of the carotenoid synthesis gene clusters in the two Brevundimonas strains was identical. It is likely that the two Brevundimonas strains were evolved from the same ancestor and adapted later to growth in different environments. Expression of the crtW and crtZ from DC263 in a beta-carotene-accumulating E. coli produced astaxanthin as the predominant carotenoid. The crtG from DC263 and the crtG from another Brevundimonas aurantiaca strain were expressed in E. coli producing different carotenoid substrates. Both CrtG showed low activity on beta-carotene and high activity on zeaxanthin. The main difference was that the CrtG from B. aurantiaca worked well on canthaxanthin or astaxanthin, but the CrtG from DC263 did not work on either of the ketocarotenoids.	1
Title: Genes from a Dietzia sp. for synthesis of C40 and C50 beta-cyclic carotenoids Abstract: Dietzia sp. CQ4 accumulated the C(40) beta-cyclic carotenoids (canthaxanthin and echinenone) and the C(50) beta-cyclic carotenoid (C.p.450 monoglucoside). A plant-type lycopene beta-cyclase gene crtL was identified for beta-cyclization of the C(40) carotenoids. A carotenoid synthesis gene cluster was identified away from the crtL gene, which contained the crtEBI genes for the synthesis of lycopene followed by the lbtABC genes for lycopene elongation and beta-cyclization of the C(50) carotenoids. This C(50) beta-cyclic carotenoid synthesis gene cluster from Dietzia sp. CQ4 showed high homology with the gene clusters for synthesizing the C(50) epsilon-cyclic carotenoids (decaprenoxanthin and glucosides) from Corynebacterium glutamicum and Agromyces mediolanus. One unique feature of the C(50) beta-cyclic carotenoid synthesis genes in Dietzia sp. CQ4 was that the gene encoding a C(50) carotenoid beta-cyclase subunit and the gene encoding the lycopene elongase appeared to be fused as a single gene (lbtBC). Expression of the gene (lbtA) encoding another subunit of the C(50) carotenoid beta-cyclase and the lbtBC gene in lycopene-accumulating Escherichia coli produced almost exclusively the C(50) beta-cyclic carotenoid C.p.450. One gene (crtX) with high homology to glycosyl transferases was transcribed in the opposite orientation downstream of the lbtBC gene. The crtX gene was likely involved in C.p.450 glucosylation in Dietzia sp. CQ4. The pathway analogous to the synthesis of the C(50) epsilon-cyclic carotenoids was proposed for the synthesis of the C(50) beta-cyclic carotenoids.	1
Title: Structure, function and biosynthesis of carotenoids in the moderately halophilic bacterium Halobacillus halophilus Abstract: Inhibitor studies and mutant analysis revealed a C(30) pathway via 4,4'-diapophytoene and 4,4'-diaponeurosporene to 4,4'-diaponeursoporene-4-oic acid esters related to staphyloxanthin in Halobacillus halophilus. Six genes may be involved in this biosynthetic pathway and could be found in two adjacent gene clusters. Two genes of this pathway could be functionally assigned by functional pathway complementation as a 4,4'-diapophytoene synthase and a 4,4'-diapophytoene desaturase gene. These genes were organized in two operons together with two putative oxidase genes, a glycosylase and an acyl transferase ortholog. Pigment mutants were obtained by chemical mutagenesis. Carotenoid analysis showed that a white mutant accumulated 4,4'-diapophytoene due to a block in desaturation. In a yellow mutant carotenogenesis was blocked at the stage of 4,4'-diaponeurosporene and in an orange mutant at the stage of 4,4'-diaponeurosporene-4-oic acid. The protective function of these pigments could be demonstrated for H. halophilus after inhibition of carotenoid synthesis by initiation of oxidative stress. A degree of oxidative stress which still allowed 50% growth of carotenogenic cells resulted in the death of the cells devoid of colored carotenoids.	1
Title: Natural products from environmental DNA hosted in Ralstonia metallidurans Abstract: Metagenomic studies designed to access new small molecules from the heterologous expression of environmental DNA have focused on the use of two model systems, Escherichia coli and Streptomyces spp., as heterologous hosts. Accessing the biosynthetic potential of DNA extracted from the bacteria present in environmental samples will require the development of a more diverse collection of model bacterial hosts that can be used for screening environmental DNA libraries. In this study the bacterium Ralstonia metallidurans was explored as a heterologous host. Here we report the isolation and characterization of both novel and known metabolites from pigmented and antibacterially active clones found in R. metallidurans based environmental DNA libraries. The clones found in this study do not confer the production of clone-specific metabolites to E. coli, validating R. metallidurans as an orthogonal expression host that can be used to expand the number of metabolites found in future metagenomic discovery efforts.	1
Title: Early steps in carotenoid biosynthesis: sequences and transcriptional analysis of the crtI and crtB genes of Rhodobacter sphaeroides and overexpression and reactivation of crtI in Escherichia coli and R. sphaeroides Abstract: In the purple photosynthetic bacterium Rhodobacter sphaeroides, the desaturation of phytoene has already been implicated in the assembly of the light-harvesting 2 complex (H.P. Lang and C.N. Hunter, Biochem. J. 298:197-205, 1994). The phytoene synthase and desaturase enzymes mediate the first steps specific for carotenoid biosynthesis up to and including the synthesis of the colored carotenoid neurosporene. In this report, we present the DNA and deduced amino acid sequences of the genes encoding these proteins, namely, crtB and crtI, from R. sphaeroides and present evidence for the existence of a crtIB operon. Both genes have been shown to possess putative puc and puf operon-like promoter sequences, and oxygen regulation and the point of initiation of the crtI transcript have been demonstrated. The complete crtI gene has been overexpressed in Escherichia coli and R. sphaeroides and shown to catalyze three desaturations of phytoene to give neurosporene. This activity was shown to be ATP dependent, and the cofactor requirement was investigated by using a spectroscopic assay for in vitro carotenogenic activity. Although the crtI and crtB genes have been sequenced from a number of different organisms, the transcriptional organization and regulation of these genes have not been analyzed in detail. In this report, we have located the transcription initiation point and have shown that R. sphaeroides possesses an oxygen-regulated CrtI-type phytoene desaturase gene that forms a transcriptional operon with crtB.	1
Title: A cluster of structural and regulatory genes for light-induced carotenogenesis in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: In the bacterium Myxococcus xanthus, several genes for carotenoid synthesis lie together at the carA-carB chromosomal locus and are co-ordinately activated by blue light. A 12-kb DNA stretch from wild-type M. xanthus has been sequenced that includes the entire carA-carB gene cluster. According to sequence analysis, the cluster contains 11 different genes. Intergenic distances are very short or nil (implying translational coupling), giving further support to previous evidence indicating that most (or all) of the genes in the cluster form a single operon. At the promoter region, a potential -35 site for the binding of sigma factors is found. However, the -10 region shows little similarity with analogous sites in other bacterial promoters. Five (possibly six) genes in the carA-carB operon code for enzymes acting on early or late steps of the pathway for carotenoid synthesis. Other genes in the operon show no overall similarity with previously known genes. However, peptide stretches in the predicted products of two genes exhibit strong similarity with the DNA binding domain of the MerR family of transcriptional regulators. At least one of the predicted DNA-binding domains is altered in a mutant strain affected in light-regulation of the car genes.	1
Title: A repressor-antirepressor pair links two loci controlling light-induced carotenogenesis in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: The light-inducible carB operon encodes all but one of the structural genes for carotenogenesis in Myxococcus xanthus. It is transcriptionally controlled by two proteins expressed from two unlinked genetic loci: CarS from the light-inducible carQRS operon, and CarA from the light-independent carA operon. CarA represses transcription from the carB promoter (P(B)) in the dark, and CarS counteracts this on illumination. The CarA sequence revealed a helix-turn-helix DNA-binding motif of the type found in bacterial MerR transcriptional factors, whereas CarS contains no known DNA-binding motif. Here, we examine the molecular interplay between CarA and CarS. We demonstrate the following. (i) Whereas CarS exhibits no DNA binding in vitro, CarA binds specifically to a region encompassing P(B) to form at least two distinct complexes. (ii) A palindrome located between positions -46 and -63 relative to the transcription start point is essential but not sufficient for the formation of the two CarA-DNA complexes observed. (iii) CarS abrogates the specific DNA binding of CarA. CarA is therefore a repressor and CarS an antirepressor. (iv) CarS physically interacts with CarA; thus, the functional interaction between them is mediated by protein-protein interactions.	1
Title: Role for vitamin B(12) in light induction of gene expression in the bacterium Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: A light-inducible promoter (P(B)) drives the carB operon (carotenoid genes) of the bacterium Myxococcus xanthus. A gene encoding a regulator of carotenoid biosynthesis was identified by studying mutant strains carrying a transcriptional fusion to P(B) and deletions in three candidate genes. Our results prove that the identified gene, named carA, codes for a repressor of the P(B) promoter in the dark. They also show that the carA gene product does not participate in the light activation of two other promoters connected with carotenoid synthesis or its regulation in M. xanthus. CarA is a novel protein consisting of a DNA-binding domain of the family of MerR helix-turn-helix transcriptional regulators, directly joined to a cobalamin-binding domain. In support of this, we report here that the presence of vitamin B(12) or some other cobalamin derivatives is absolutely required for activation of the P(B) promoter by light.	1
Title: Vitamin B12 partners the CarH repressor to downregulate a photoinducible promoter in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: A light-inducible promoter, P(B), drives expression of the carB operon in Myxococcus xanthus. Repressed by CarA in the dark, P(B) is activated when CarS, produced in the light, sequesters CarA to prevent operator-CarA binding. The MerR-type, N-terminal domain of CarA, which mediates interactions with both operator and CarS, is linked to a C-terminal oligomerization module with a predicted cobalamin-binding motif. Here, we show that although CarA does bind vitamin B12, mutating the motif involved has no effect on its ability to repress P(B). Intriguingly, P(B) could be repressed in the dark even with no CarA, so long as B12 and an intact CarA operator were present. We have discovered that this effect of B12 depends on the gene immediately downstream of carA. Its product, CarH, also consists of a MerR-type, N-terminal domain that specifically recognizes the CarA operator and CarS, linked to a predicted B12-binding C-terminal oligomerization module. The B12-mediated repression of P(B) in the dark is relieved by deleting carH, by mutating the DNA- or B12-binding residues of CarH, or by illumination. Our findings unveil parallel regulatory circuits that control a light-inducible promoter using a transcriptional factor repertoire that includes a paralogous gene pair and vitamin B12.	1
Title: A sigmaB-like factor responsible for carotenoid biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus Abstract: Self-cloning experiments with a high-copy-number plasmid and Streptomyces griseus IFO13350 led to the cloning of a 11-kb DNA fragment that conferred yellow pigment production on the host. The cloned fragment contained a gene cluster for carotenoid biosynthesis, in which two polycistrons, crtE (encoding geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate synthase)-crtI (phytoene dehydrogenase)-crtB (phytoene synthase)-crtV (functionally unknown methyltransferase-like protein) and crtY (lycopene cyclase)-crtT (functionally unknown methyltransferase-like protein)-crtU (beta-carotene dehydrogenase), were present in a convergent way. Since strain IFO13350 produced no detectable amount of carotenoids, an increase in the copy number of the crt gene cluster led to production of carotenoids at a detectable level. Overexpression of the stress-responsive sigmaB-like protein CrtS from Streptomyces setonii also activated the cryptic crt genes in S. griseus and conferred pigmentation. A CrtS homologue (sigmaCrtS) in S. griseus, which was predicted by a computer-aided homology search, caused carotenogenesis to the same extent as CrtS of S. setonii, indicating that the two sigmaB-like proteins were functionally the same. Yellow pigment production by S. griseus containing crtS under the control of a strong promoter on a high-copy-number plasmid resulted from activation of transcription of the crt genes, because overexpression of sigmaCrtS in S. griseus led to transcriptional activation of the promoters in front of crtE and crtY. S1 nuclease mapping showed that crtS itself was transcribed at a low level under the laboratory conditions, which may account for undetectable production of carotenoids. The crt genes were suggested to locate very near one end of the linear chromosome, since they were completely deleted in mutant HH1 having large deletions at both ends. The gene organization of crt in S. griseus is similar to that in S. coelicolor A3(2) where the whole crt gene set is near one end of the chromosome.	1
Title: A carotenoid synthesis gene cluster from Algoriphagus sp. KK10202C with a novel fusion-type lycopene beta-cyclase gene Abstract: A carotenoid synthesis gene cluster was isolated from a marine bacterium Algoriphagus sp. strain KK10202C that synthesized flexixanthin. Seven genes were transcribed in the same direction, among which five of them were involved in carotenoid synthesis. This cluster had a unique gene organization, with an isoprenoid gene, ispH (previously named lytB), being present among the carotenoid synthesis genes. The lycopene beta-cyclase encoded by the crtY ( cd ) gene appeared to be a fusion of bacterial heterodimeric lycopene cyclase CrtY(c) and CrtY(d). This was the first time that a fusion-type of lycopene beta-cyclase was reported in eubacteria. Heterologous expression of the Algoriphagus crtY ( cd ) gene in lycopene-accumulating Escherichia coli produced bicyclic beta-carotene. A biosynthesis pathway for monocyclic flexixanthin was proposed in Algoriphagus sp. strain KK10202C, though several of the carotenoid synthesis genes not linked with the cluster have not yet been cloned.	1
Title: Cloning of the gene cluster responsible for biosynthesis of KS-505a (longestin), a unique tetraterpenoid Abstract: KS-505a (longestin), produced by Streptomyces argenteolus, has a unique structure that consists of a tetraterpene (C40) skeleton, to which a 2-O-methylglucuronic acid and an o-succinyl benzoate moiety are attached. It is a novel inhibitor of calmodulin-dependent cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase, which is representative of a potent anti-amnesia drug. As a first step to understanding the biosynthetic machinery of this unique and pharmaceutically useful compound, we cloned a KS505a biosynthetic gene cluster. First we searched for a gene encoding octaprenyl diphosphates, which yielded a C40 precursor by PCR, and four candidate genes were obtained. Among these, one was confirmed to have the expected enzyme activity by recombinant enzyme assay. On the basis of an analysis of the flanking regions of the gene, a putative KS-505a biosynthetic gene cluster consisting of 24 ORFs was judged perhaps to be present on a 28-kb DNA fragment. A gene disruption experiment was also employed to confirm that the cluster indeed participated in KS-505a biosynthesis. This is believed to be the first report detailing the gene cluster of a cyclized tetraterpenoid.	1
Title: Molecular basis for chloronium-mediated meroterpene cyclization: cloning, sequencing, and heterologous expression of the napyradiomycin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Structural inspection of the bacterial meroterpenoid antibiotics belonging to the napyradiomycin family of chlorinated dihydroquinones suggests that the biosynthetic cyclization of their terpenoid subunits is initiated via a chloronium ion. The vanadium-dependent haloperoxidases that catalyze such reactions are distributed in fungi and marine algae and have yet to be characterized from bacteria. The cloning and sequence analysis of the 43-kb napyradiomycin biosynthetic cluster (nap) from Streptomyces aculeolatus NRRL 18422 and from the undescribed marine sediment-derived Streptomyces sp. CNQ-525 revealed 33 open reading frames, three of which putatively encode vanadium-dependent chloroperoxidases. Heterologous expression of the CNQ-525-based nap biosynthetic cluster in Streptomyces albus produced at least seven napyradiomycins, including the new analog 2-deschloro-2-hydroxy-A80915C. These data not only revealed the molecular basis behind the biosynthesis of these novel meroterpenoid natural products but also resulted in the first in vivo verification of vanadium-dependent haloperoxidases.	1
Title: Genome mining in streptomyces. Discovery of an unprecedented P450-catalyzed oxidative rearrangement that is the final step in the biosynthesis of pentalenolactone Abstract: The penM and pntM genes from the pentalenolactone biosynthetic gene clusters of Streptomyces exfoliatus UC5319 and Streptomyces arenae TÜ469 were predicted to encode orthologous cytochrome P450s, CYP161C3 and CYP161C2, responsible for the final step in the biosynthesis of the sesquiterpenoid antibiotic pentalenolactone (1). Synthetic genes optimized for expression in Escherichia coli were used to obtain recombinant PenM and PntM, each carrying an N-terminal His(6)-tag. Both proteins showed typical reduced-CO UV maxima at 450 nm, and each bound the predicted substrate, pentalenolactone F (4), with K(D) values of 153 ± 14 and 126 ± 11 μM for PenM and PntM, respectively, as determined by UV shift titrations. PenM and PntM both catalyzed the oxidative rearrangement of 4 to 1 when incubated in the presence of NADPH, spinach ferredoxin, ferredoxin reductase, and O(2). The steady-state kinetic parameters were k(cat) = 10.5 ± 1.7 min(-1) and K(m) = 340 ± 100 μM 4 for PenM and k(cat) = 8.8 ± 0.9 min(-1) and K(m) = 430 ± 100 μM 4 for PntM. The in vivo function of both gene products was confirmed by the finding that the corresponding deletion mutants S. exfoliatus/ΔpenM ZD22 and S. arenae/ΔpntM ZD23 no longer produced pentalenolactone but accumulated the precursor pentalenolactone F. Complementation of each deletion mutant with either penM or pntM restored production of antibiotic 1. Pentalenolactone was also produced by an engineered strain of Streptomyces avermitilis that had been complemented with pntE, pntD, and either pntM or penM, as well as the S. avermitilis electron-transport genes for ferredoxin and ferrodoxin reductase, fdxD and fprD.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the terpene phenalinolactone in Streptomyces sp. Tü6071: analysis of the gene cluster and generation of derivatives Abstract: Phenalinolactones are terpene glycosides with antibacterial activity. A striking structural feature is a highly oxidized gamma-butyrolactone of elusive biosynthetic origin. To investigate the genetic basis of the phenalinolactones biosynthesis, we cloned and sequenced the corresponding gene cluster from the producer strain Streptomyces sp. Tü6071. Spanning a 42 kbp region, 35 candidate genes could be assigned to putatively encode biosynthetic, regulatory, and resistance-conferring functions. Targeted gene inactivations were carried out to specifically manipulate the phenalinolactones pathway. The inactivation of a sugar methyltransferase gene and a cytochrome P450 monoxygenase gene led to the production of modified phenalinolactone derivatives. The inactivation of a Fe(II)/alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase gene disrupted the biosynthetic pathway within gamma-butyrolactone formation. The structure elucidation of the accumulating intermediate indicated that pyruvate is the biosynthetic precursor of the gamma butyrolactone moiety.	1
Title: Heterologous expression and genetic engineering of the phenalinolactone biosynthetic gene cluster by using red/ET recombineering Abstract: The heterologous expression of natural product biosynthetic pathways is of increasing interest in biotechnology and drug discovery. This approach enables the production of complex metabolites in more amenable host organisms and provides the basis for the generation of novel analogues through genetic engineering. Here we describe a straightforward strategy for the heterologous expression of the highly complex phenalinolactone biosynthetic pathway, which was recently cloned from Streptomyces sp. Tü6071. The biosynthetic gene cluster comprises at least 11 transcriptional units that harbor 35 genes, which together catalyze the assembly of structurally unique tricyclic terpene glycosides with antibacterial activity. By using Red/ET recombineering, the phenalinolactone pathway was reconstituted from two cosmids and heterologously expressed in several Streptomyces strains. The established expression system now provides a convenient platform for functional investigations of the biosynthetic genes and the generation of novel analogues, by genetic engineering of the pathway in Escherichia coli. Deletion of a modifying gene from the expression construct resulted in a novel, unglycosylated phenalinolactone derivative; this demonstrates the promise of this methodology.	1
Title: Functions of genes and enzymes involved in phenalinolactone biosynthesis Abstract: Phenalinolactones are novel terpene glycoside antibiotics produced by Streptomyces sp. Tü6071. Inactivation of three oxygenase genes (plaO2, plaO3 and plaO5), two dehydrogenase genes (plaU, plaZ) and one putative acetyltransferase gene (plaV) led to the production of novel phenalinolactone derivatives (PL HS6, PL HS7, PL HS2 and PL X1). Furthermore, the exact biosynthetic functions of two enzymes were determined, and their in vitro activities were demonstrated. PlaO1, an Fe(II)/alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase, is responsible for the key step in gamma-butyrolactone formation, whereas PlaO5, a cytochrome P450-dependent monooxygenase, catalyses the 1-C-hydroxylation of phenalinolactone D. In addition, stable isotope feeding experiments with biosynthetic precursors shed light on the origin of the carbons in the gamma-butyrolactone moiety.	1
Title: Beta-glucuronidase as a sensitive and versatile reporter in actinomycetes Abstract: Here we describe a versatile and sensitive reporter system for actinomycetes that is based on gusA, which encodes the β-glucuronidase enzyme. A series of gusA-containing transcriptional and translational fusion vectors were constructed and utilized to study the regulatory cascade of the phenalinolactone biosynthetic gene cluster. Furthermore, these vectors were used to study the efficiency of translation initiation at the ATG, GTG, TTG, and CTG start codons. Surprisingly, constructs using a TTG start codon showed the best activity, whereas those using ATG or GTG were approximately one-half or one-third as active, respectively. The CTG fusion showed only 5% of the activity of the TTG fusion. A suicide vector, pKGLP2, carrying gusA in its backbone was used to visually detect merodiploid formation and resolution, making gene targeting in actinomycetes much faster and easier. Three regulatory genes, plaR1, plaR2, and plaR3, involved in phenalinolactone biosynthesis were efficiently replaced with an apramycin resistance marker using this system. Finally, we expanded the genetic code of actinomycetes by introducing the nonproteinogenic amino acid N-epsilon-cyclopentyloxycarbonyl-l-lysine with the GusA protein as a reporter.	1
Title: Metabolic pathway monitoring of phenalinolactone biosynthesis from Streptomyces sp. Tü6071 by liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry coupling Abstract: Rationale:                       A rapid and precise analytical method for the investigation of natural products is required for pathway monitoring of the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites. Phenalinolactones, used in antibiotic research, are produced by Streptomyces sp. Tü6071. For the analysis of those compounds, prior to mass spectrometric analysis, an efficient separation technique is required.                  Methods:                       For the identification of phenalinolactones from liquid cultures of Streptomyces sp. Tü6071, a new method comprising the combination of solid-phase extraction (SPE) prior to liquid chromatography/electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry (LC/ESI-MS/MS) was established. MS/MS product ion scans were applied for phenalinolactone detection and structure elucidation, performed in negative mode and optimized for sensitivity and specificity. For the discovery of new intermediates, a MS/MS precursor ion scan was applied.                  Results:                       Analysis of the extracts revealed that the Oasis® MAX cartridge, containing a quaternary amine functionality, is the most efficient SPE material for purification of phenalinolactones, since it allowed sufficient enrichment and detection of intermediates from the biosynthetic pathway by LC/ESI-MS/MS. Using the precursor ion scan technique, two new secondary metabolites, PL IM1 with m/z 672.6 and PL IM2 with m/z 433.3, have been detected. The structures of the new intermediates are postulated and arranged into the biosynthetic pathway of phenalinolactones.                  Conclusions:                       A precise analytical method was established for the identification of phenalinolactones by combining purification from Streptomyces using SPE prior to LC/ESI-MS/MS. By optimising LC/ESI-MS/MS settings, this method has been successfully applied for pathway monitoring of secondary metabolites. Application of a precursor ion scan allowed for the identification of unknown intermediates in biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of pigment biosynthesis in Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2 using a new, highly efficient transposon mutagenesis system that is functional in a wide variety of bacteria Abstract: A highly efficient method of transposon mutagenesis was developed for genetic analysis of Xanthobacter autotrophicus Py2. The method makes use of a transposon delivery vector that encodes a hyperactive Tn 5 transposase that is 1,000-fold more active than the wild-type transposase. In this construct, the transposase is expressed from the promoter of the tetA gene of plasmid RP4, which is functional in a wide variety of organisms. The transposon itself contains a kanamycin resistance gene as a selectable marker and the origin of replication from plasmid R6K to facilitate subsequent cloning of the resulting insertion site. To test the effectiveness of this method, mutants unable to produce the characteristic yellow pigment (zeaxanthin dirhamnoside) of X. autotrophicus Py2 were isolated and analyzed. Transposon insertions were obtained at high frequency: approximately 1 x 10(-3) per recipient cell. Among these, pigment mutants were observed at a frequency of approximately 10(-3). Such mutants were found to have transposon insertions in genes homologous to known carotenoid biosynthetic genes previously characterized in other pigmented bacteria. Mutants were also isolated in Pseudomonas stutzeri and in an Alcaligenes faecalis, demonstrating the effectiveness of the method in diverse Proteobacteria. Preliminary results from other laboratories have confirmed the effectiveness of this method in additional phylogenetically diverse species.	1
Title: Genes associated with 2-methylisoborneol biosynthesis in cyanobacteria: isolation, characterization, and expression in response to light Abstract: The volatile microbial metabolite 2-methylisoborneol (2-MIB) is a root cause of taste and odor issues in freshwater. Although current evidence suggests that 2-MIB is not toxic, this compound degrades water quality and presents problems for water treatment. To address these issues, cyanobacteria and actinomycetes, the major producers of 2-MIB, have been investigated extensively. In this study, two 2-MIB producing strains, coded as Pseudanabaena sp. and Planktothricoids raciborskii, were used in order to elucidate the genetic background, light regulation, and biochemical mechanisms of 2-MIB biosynthesis in cyanobacteria. Genome walking and PCR methods revealed that two adjacent genes, SAM-dependent methyltransferanse gene and monoterpene cyclase gene, are responsible for GPP methylation and subsequent cyclization to 2-MIB in cyanobacteria. These two genes are located in between two homologous cyclic nucleotide-binding protein genes that may be members of the Crp-Fnr regulator family. Together, this sequence of genes forms a putative operon. The synthesis of 2-MIB is similar in cyanobacteria and actinomycetes. Comparison of the gene arrangement and functional sites between cyanobacteria and other organisms revealed that gene recombination and gene transfer probably occurred during the evolution of 2-MIB-associated genes. All the microorganisms examined have a common origin of 2-MIB biosynthesis capacity, but cyanobacteria represent a unique evolutionary lineage. Gene expression analysis suggested that light is a crucial, but not the only, active regulatory factor for the transcription of 2-MIB synthesis genes. This light-regulated process is immediate and transient. This study is the first to identify the genetic background and evolution of 2-MIB biosynthesis in cyanobacteria, thus enhancing current knowledge on 2-MIB contamination of freshwater.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the sesquiterpene antibiotic albaflavenone in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Cytochrome P450 170A1 (CYP170A1) is encoded by the sco5223 gene of the Gram-positive, soil-dwelling bacterium Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) as part of a two-gene cluster with the sco5222 gene. The SCO5222 protein is a sesquiterpene synthase that catalyzes the cyclization of farnesyl diphosphate to the novel tricyclic hydrocarbon, epi-isozizaene (Lin, X., Hopson, R., and Cane, D. E. (2006) J. Am. Chem. Soc. 128, 6022-6023). The presence of CYP170A1 (sco5223) suggested that epiisozizaene might be further oxidized by the transcriptionally coupled P450. We have now established that purified CYP170A1 carries out two sequential allylic oxidations to convert epi-isozizaene to an epimeric mixture of albaflavenols and thence to the sesquiterpene antibiotic albaflavenone. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry analysis of S. coelicolor culture extracts established the presence of albaflavenone in the wild-type strain, along with its precursors epi-isozizaene and the albaflavenols. Disruption of the CYP170A1 gene abolished biosynthesis of both albaflavenone and the albaflavenols, but not epi-isozizaene. The combined results establish for the first time the presence of albaflavenone in S. coelicolor and clearly demonstrate that the biosynthesis of this antibiotic involves the coupled action of epi-isozizaene synthase and CYP170A1.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the gene associated with geosmin production in cyanobacteria Abstract: Geosmin is a secondary metabolite responsible for earthy tastes and odors in potable water supplies. Geosmin continues to be a challenge to water utility management regimes and remains one of the most common causes of consumer complaints, as the taste of "dirty" water may suggest a failed disinfection regime and that the water may be unsafe to drink. Although cyanobacteria have been reported to be largely responsible for these taste and odor events, the answer as to how or why geosmin is produced has eluded researchers. We describe here for the first time the mechanism by which geosmin is produced in a model cyanobacterium, Nostoc punctiforme PCC 73102 (ATCC 29133), which we demonstrate utilizes a single enzyme to catalyze the cyclization of farnesyl diphosphate to geosmin. Using this information, we have developed a PCR-based assay that allows the rapid detection of geosmin-producing cyanobacteria. This test may be utilized to confirm and track the emergence of taste and odor-producing cyanobacteria in any given water body and thus can be used as an early warning system by managers of water bodies that may suffer from adverse taste and odor episodes.	1
Title: GriC and GriD constitute a carboxylic acid reductase involved in grixazone biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus Abstract: In grixazone biosynthesis by Streptomyces griseus, a key intermediate 3-amino-4-hydroxybenzoic acid (3,4-AHBA) is converted to another key intermediate 3-amino-4-hydroxybenzaldehyde (3,4-AHBAL). Two genes griC and griD in the grixazone biosynthesis gene cluster were found to be responsible for this conversion, because disruption of each gene resulted in the extracellular accumulation of 3-acetylamino-4-hydroxybenzoic acid, a shunt product from 3,4-AHBA. Significant sequence similarity of GriC to AMP-binding proteins and of GriD to NAD(P)-dependent aldehyde dehydrogenases suggested that GriC and GriD constituted an ATP- and NAD(P)-dependent carboxylic acid reductase (CAR) catalyzing reduction of 3,4-AHBA to produce 3,4-AHBAL through acyl-AMP formation, as is found for the reactions catalyzed by some CARs. griG encoding a benzoate transporter homologue in the grixazone biosynthesis gene cluster was nonessential for grixazone biosynthesis but probably enhanced the membrane permeability for 3,4-AHBA. Simultaneous overexpression of griC, griD, and griG in S. griseus mutant cells deficient in an acetyltransferase responsible for N-acetylation of 3,4-AHBA led to efficient bioconversion of exogenously added 3,4-AHBA to 3,4-AHBAL. This system also turned out to be useful for reduction of some aryl carboxylates to the corresponding aryl aldehydes.	1
Title: Functional analysis of genes from Streptomyces griseus involved in the synthesis of isorenieratene, a carotenoid with aromatic end groups, revealed a novel type of carotenoid desaturase Abstract: The biosynthesis of the aromatic carotene isorenieratene is restricted to green photosynthetic bacteria and a few actinomycetes. Among them Streptomyces griseus has been used to study the genes involved in this pathway. Five genes out of seven of two adjacent operons in one cluster could be identified to be sufficient for the synthesis of isorenieratene. Stepwise deletions of these genes demonstrated their participation in phytoene synthesis, phytoene desaturation and lycopene cyclization. The novel gene crtU was assigned to encode a unique desaturase responsible for the conversion of beta-carotene via beta-isorenieratene to isorenieratene by a desaturation/methyltransferation mechanism. Sequence analysis of crtU revealed two conserved regions, one at the N-terminus and the other at the C-terminus of the protein which is universal to different types of carotene desaturases. In addition, the sequence comprises a motif typically found in methyltransferases. The deletion of the two remaining genes of the cluster left the carotenoid biosynthetic pathway unaffected.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of xiamycin A and oxiamycin gene cluster reveals an oxidative cyclization strategy tailoring indolosesquiterpene biosynthesis Abstract: Xiamycin A (XMA) and oxiamycin (OXM) are bacterial indolosesquiterpenes featuring rare pentacyclic ring systems and are isolated from a marine-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 02999. The putative biosynthetic gene cluster for XMA/OXM was identified by a partial genome sequencing approach. Eighteen genes were proposed to be involved in XMA/OXM biosynthesis, including five genes for terpene synthesis via a non-mevalonate pathway, eight genes encoding oxidoreductases, and five genes for regulation and resistance. Targeted disruptions of 13 genes within the xia gene cluster were carried out to probe their encoded functions in XMA/OXM biosynthesis. The disruption of xiaK, encoding an aromatic ring hydroxylase, led to a mutant producing indosespene and a minor amount of XMA. Feeding of indosespene to XMA/OXM nonproducing mutants revealed indosespene as a common precursor for XMA/OXM biosynthesis. Most notably, the flavin dependent oxygenase XiaI was biochemically characterized in vitro to convert indosespene to XMA, revealing an unusual oxidative cyclization strategy tailoring indolosesquiterpene biosynthesis.	1
Title: Carboxyl formation from methyl via triple hydroxylations by XiaM in xiamycin A biosynthesis Abstract: The P450 enzyme XiaM was identified as a candidate to form the C-24 carboxyl group in xiamycin A (1). Alteration of medium composition led to the discovery of four new compounds from the ΔxiaM and the ΔxiaK (encoding an aromatic ring hydroxylase) mutants. Biotransformation experiments revealed that XiaM was capable of converting a methyl group to a carboxyl group through diol and aldehyde intermediates.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of the PR-toxin gene cluster in Penicillium roqueforti and Penicillium chrysogenum: cross talk of secondary metabolite pathways Abstract: The PR-toxin is a potent mycotoxin produced by Penicillium roqueforti in moulded grains and grass silages and may contaminate blue-veined cheese. The PR-toxin derives from the 15 carbon atoms sesquiterpene aristolochene formed by the aristolochene synthase (encoded by ari1). We have cloned and sequenced a four gene cluster that includes the ari1 gene from P. roqueforti. Gene silencing of each of the four genes (named prx1 to prx4) resulted in a reduction of 65-75% in the production of PR-toxin indicating that the four genes encode enzymes involved in PR-toxin biosynthesis. Interestingly the four silenced mutants overproduce large amounts of mycophenolic acid, an antitumor compound formed by an unrelated pathway suggesting a cross-talk of PR-toxin and mycophenolic acid production. An eleven gene cluster that includes the above mentioned four prx genes and a 14-TMS drug/H(+) antiporter was found in the genome of Penicillium chrysogenum. This eleven gene cluster has been reported to be very poorly expressed in a transcriptomic study of P. chrysogenum genes under conditions of penicillin production (strongly aerated cultures). We found that this apparently silent gene cluster is able to produce PR-toxin in P. chrysogenum under static culture conditions on hydrated rice medium. Noteworthily, the production of PR-toxin was 2.6-fold higher in P. chrysogenum npe10, a strain deleted in the 56.8kb amplifiable region containing the pen gene cluster, than in the parental strain Wisconsin 54-1255 providing another example of cross-talk between secondary metabolite pathways in this fungus. A detailed PR-toxin biosynthesis pathway is proposed based on all available evidence.	1
Title: Penicillium roqueforti PR toxin gene cluster characterization Abstract: PR toxin is a well-known isoprenoid mycotoxin almost solely produced by Penicillium roqueforti after growth on food or animal feed. This mycotoxin has been described as the most toxic produced by this species. In this study, an in silico analysis allowed identifying for the first time a 22.4-kb biosynthetic gene cluster involved in PR toxin biosynthesis in P. roqueforti. The pathway contains 11 open reading frames encoding for ten putative proteins including the major fungal terpene cyclase, aristolochene synthase, involved in the first farnesyl-diphosphate cyclization step as well as an oxidoreductase, an oxidase, two P450 monooxygenases, a transferase, and two dehydrogenase enzymes. Gene silencing was used to study three genes (ORF5, ORF6, and ORF8 encoding for an acetyltransferase and two P450 monooxygenases, respectively) and resulted in 20 to 40% PR toxin production reductions in all transformants proving the involvement of these genes and the corresponding enzyme activities in PR toxin biosynthesis. According to the considered silenced gene target, eremofortin A and B productions were also affected suggesting their involvement as biosynthetic intermediates in this pathway. A PR toxin biosynthesis pathway is proposed based on the most recent and available data.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a welwitindolinone alkaloid biosynthetic gene cluster in the stigonematalean Cyanobacterium Hapalosiphon welwitschii Abstract: The identification of a 36 kb welwitindolinone (wel) biosynthetic gene cluster in Hapalosiphon welwitschii UTEX B1830 is reported. Characterization of the enzymes responsible for assembling the early biosynthetic intermediates geranyl pyrophosphate and 3-((Z)-2′-isocyanoethenyl)indole as well as a dedicated N-methyltransferase in the maturation of N-methylwelwitindolinone C isothiocyanate solidified the link between the wel pathway and welwitindolinone biosynthesis. Comparative analysis of the ambiguine and welwitindolinone biosynthetic pathways in two different organisms provided insights into the origins of diverse structures within hapalindole-type molecules.	1
Title: A new family of iron-dependent halogenases acts on freestanding substrates Abstract: Regio- and stereospecific incorporation of a halogen atom to an unactivated sp(3) carbon in a freestanding molecule is a challenging transformation that is currently missing in the inventory of enzyme-mediated reactions. Here we report what is to our knowledge the first example of a nonheme iron enzyme (WelO5) in the welwitindolinone biosynthetic pathway that can monochlorinate an aliphatic carbon in 12-epi-fischerindole U and 12-epi-hapalindole C, substrates that are free from peptidyl or acyl carrier protein.	1
Title: Formation of plant metabolic gene clusters within dynamic chromosomal regions Abstract: In bacteria, genes with related functions often are grouped together in operons and are cotranscribed as a single polycistronic mRNA. In eukaryotes, functionally related genes generally are scattered across the genome. Notable exceptions include gene clusters for catabolic pathways in yeast, synthesis of secondary metabolites in filamentous fungi, and the major histocompatibility complex in animals. Until quite recently it was thought that gene clusters in plants were restricted to tandem duplicates (for example, arrays of leucine-rich repeat disease-resistance genes). However, operon-like clusters of coregulated nonhomologous genes are an emerging theme in plant biology, where they may be involved in the synthesis of certain defense compounds. These clusters are unlikely to have arisen by horizontal gene transfer, and the mechanisms behind their formation are poorly understood. Previously in thale cress (Arabidopsis thaliana) we identified an operon-like gene cluster that is required for the synthesis and modification of the triterpene thalianol. Here we characterize a second operon-like triterpene cluster (the marneral cluster) from A. thaliana, compare the features of these two clusters, and investigate the evolutionary events that have led to cluster formation. We conclude that common mechanisms are likely to underlie the assembly and control of operon-like gene clusters in plants.	1
Title: Identification of marneral synthase, which is critical for growth and development in Arabidopsis Abstract: Plants produce structurally diverse triterpenoids, which are important for their life and survival. Most triterpenoids and sterols share a common biosynthetic intermediate, 2,3-oxidosqualene (OS), which is cyclized by 2,3-oxidosqualene cyclase (OSC). To investigate the role of an OSC, marneral synthase 1 (MRN1), in planta, we characterized a Arabidopsis mrn1 knock-out mutant displaying round-shaped leaves, late flowering, and delayed embryogenesis. Reduced growth of mrn1 was caused by inhibition of cell expansion and elongation. Marnerol, a reduced form of marneral, was detected in Arabidopsis overexpressing MRN1, but not in the wild type or mrn1. Alterations in the levels of sterols and triterpenols and defects in membrane integrity and permeability were observed in the mrn1. In addition, GUS expression, under the control of the MRN1 gene promoter, was specifically detected in shoot and root apical meristems, which are responsible for primary growth, and the mRNA expression of Arabidopsis clade II OSCs was preferentially observed in roots and siliques containing developing seeds. The eGFP:MRN1 was localized to the endoplasmic reticulum in tobacco protoplasts. Taken together, this report provides evidence that the unusual triterpenoid pathway via marneral synthase is important for the growth and development of Arabidopsis.	1
Title: Metabolic diversification--independent assembly of operon-like gene clusters in different plants Abstract: Operons are clusters of unrelated genes with related functions that are a feature of prokaryotic genomes. Here, we report on an operon-like gene cluster in the plant Arabidopsis thaliana that is required for triterpene synthesis (the thalianol pathway). The clustered genes are coexpressed, as in bacterial operons. However, despite the resemblance to a bacterial operon, this gene cluster has been assembled from plant genes by gene duplication, neofunctionalization, and genome reorganization, rather than by horizontal gene transfer from bacteria. Furthermore, recent assembly of operon-like gene clusters for triterpene synthesis has occurred independently in divergent plant lineages (Arabidopsis and oat). Thus, selection pressure may act during the formation of certain plant metabolic pathways to drive gene clustering.	1
Title: Identification of a biosynthetic gene cluster in rice for momilactones Abstract: Rice diterpenoid phytoalexins such as momilactones and phytocassanes are produced in suspension-cultured rice cells treated with a chitin oligosaccharide elicitor and in rice leaves irradiated with UV light. The common substrate geranylgeranyl diphosphate is converted into diterpene hydrocarbon precursors via a two-step sequential cyclization and then into the bioactive phytoalexins via several oxidation steps. It has been suggested that microsomal cytochrome P-450 monooxygenases (P-450s) are involved in the downstream oxidation of the diterpene hydrocarbons leading to the phytoalexins and that a dehydrogenase is involved in momilactone biosynthesis. However, none of the enzymes involved in the downstream oxidation of the diterpene hydrocarbons have been identified. In this study, we found that a putative dehydrogenase gene (AK103462) and two functionally unknown P-450 genes (CYP99A2 and CYP99A3) form a chitin oligosaccharide elicitor- and UV-inducible gene cluster, together with OsKS4 and OsCyc1, the diterpene cyclase genes involved in momilactone biosynthesis. Functional analysis by heterologous expression in Escherichia coli followed by enzyme assays demonstrated that the AK103462 protein catalyzes the conversion of 3beta-hydroxy-9betaH-pimara-7,15-dien-19,6beta-olide into momilactone A. The double knockdown of CYP99A2 and CYP99A3 specifically suppressed the elicitor-inducible production of momilactones, strongly suggesting that CYP99A2, CYP99A3, or both are involved in momilactone biosynthesis. These results provide strong evidence for the presence on chromosome 4 of a gene cluster involved in momilactone biosynthesis.	1
Title: Parsing a multifunctional biosynthetic gene cluster from rice: Biochemical characterization of CYP71Z6 & 7 Abstract: Rice (Oryza sativa) contains a biosynthetic gene cluster associated with production of at least two groups of diterpenoid phytoalexins, the antifungal phytocassanes and antibacterial oryzalides. While cytochromes P450 (CYP) from this cluster are known to be involved in phytocassane production, such mono-oxygenase activity relevant to oryzalide biosynthesis was unknown. Here we report biochemical characterization demonstrating that CYP71Z6 from this cluster acts as an ent-isokaurene C2-hydroxylase that is presumably involved in the biosynthesis of oryzalides. Our results further suggest that the closely related and co-clustered CYP71Z7 likely acts as a C2-hydroxylase involved in a latter step of phytocassane biosynthesis. Thus, CYP71Z6 & 7 appear to have evolved distinct roles in rice diterpenoid metabolism, offering insight into plant biosynthetic gene cluster evolution.	1
Title: CYP76M7 is an ent-cassadiene C11alpha-hydroxylase defining a second multifunctional diterpenoid biosynthetic gene cluster in rice Abstract: Biosynthetic gene clusters are common in microbial organisms, but rare in plants, raising questions regarding the evolutionary forces that drive their assembly in multicellular eukaryotes. Here, we characterize the biochemical function of a rice (Oryza sativa) cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, CYP76M7, which seems to act in the production of antifungal phytocassanes and defines a second diterpenoid biosynthetic gene cluster in rice. This cluster is uniquely multifunctional, containing enzymatic genes involved in the production of two distinct sets of phytoalexins, the antifungal phytocassanes and antibacterial oryzalides/oryzadiones, with the corresponding genes being subject to distinct transcriptional regulation. The lack of uniform coregulation of the genes within this multifunctional cluster suggests that this was not a primary driving force in its assembly. However, the cluster is dedicated to specialized metabolism, as all genes in the cluster are involved in phytoalexin metabolism. We hypothesize that this dedication to specialized metabolism led to the assembly of the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster. Consistent with this hypothesis, molecular phylogenetic comparison demonstrates that the two rice diterpenoid biosynthetic gene clusters have undergone independent elaboration to their present-day forms, indicating continued evolutionary pressure for coclustering of enzymatic genes encoding components of related biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a novel diterpene gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Fungal secondary metabolites are a rich source of medically useful compounds due to their pharmaceutical and toxic properties. Sequencing of fungal genomes has revealed numerous secondary metabolite gene clusters, yet products of many of these biosynthetic pathways are unknown since the expression of the clustered genes usually remains silent in normal laboratory conditions. Therefore, to discover new metabolites, it is important to find ways to induce the expression of genes in these otherwise silent biosynthetic clusters. We discovered a novel secondary metabolite in Aspergillus nidulans by predicting a biosynthetic gene cluster with genomic mining. A Zn(II)(2)Cys(6)-type transcription factor, PbcR, was identified, and its role as a pathway-specific activator for the predicted gene cluster was demonstrated. Overexpression of pbcR upregulated the transcription of seven genes in the identified cluster and led to the production of a diterpene compound, which was characterized with GC/MS as ent-pimara-8(14),15-diene. A change in morphology was also observed in the strains overexpressing pbcR. The activation of a cryptic gene cluster by overexpression of its putative Zn(II)(2)Cys(6)-type transcription factor led to discovery of a novel secondary metabolite in Aspergillus nidulans. Quantitative real-time PCR and DNA array analysis allowed us to predict the borders of the biosynthetic gene cluster. Furthermore, we identified a novel fungal pimaradiene cyclase gene as well as genes encoding 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase and a geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate (GGPP) synthase. None of these genes have been previously implicated in the biosynthesis of terpenes in Aspergillus nidulans. These results identify the first Aspergillus nidulans diterpene gene cluster and suggest a biosynthetic pathway for ent-pimara-8(14),15-diene.	1
Title: Engineering Aspergillus nidulans for heterologous ent-kaurene and gamma-terpinene production Abstract: Terpenes are a large and varied group of natural products with a wide array of bioactivities and applications. The chemical production of industrially relevant terpenes can be expensive and time-consuming due to the structural complexity of these compounds. Here, we studied Aspergillus nidulans as a heterologous host for monoterpene and diterpene production. Previously, we identified a novel diterpene gene cluster in A. nidulans and showed that overexpression of the cluster-specific transcription factor (pbcR) led to ent-pimara-8(14),15-diene (PD) production. We report further characterization of the A. nidulans PD synthase gene (pbcA). In A. nidulans, overexpression of pbcA resulted in PD production, while deletion of pbcA abolished PD production. Overexpression of Fusarium fujikuroi ent-kaurene synthase (cps/ks) and Citrus unshiu gamma-terpinene synthase resulted in ent-kaurene and gamma-terpinene production, respectively. A. nidulans is a fungal model organism and a close relative to other industrially relevant Aspergillus species. A. nidulans is a known producer of many secondary metabolites, but its ability to produce heterologous monoterpene and diterpene compounds has not been characterized. Here, we show that A. nidulans is capable of heterologous terpene production and thus has potential as a production host for industrially relevant compounds. The genetic engineering principles reported here could also be applied to other Aspergilli.	1
Title: Genome mining in Streptomyces clavuligerus: expression and biochemical characterization of two new cryptic sesquiterpene synthases Abstract: Two presumptive terpene synthases of unknown biochemical function encoded by the sscg_02150 and sscg_03688 genes of Streptomyces clavuligerus ATCC 27074 were individually expressed in Escherichia coli as N-terminal-His₆-tag proteins, using codon-optimized synthetic genes. Incubation of recombinant SSCG_02150 with farnesyl diphosphate (1, FPP) gave (-)-δ-cadinene (2) while recombinant SSCG_03688 converted FPP to (+)-T-muurolol (3). Individual incubations of (-)-δ-cadinene synthase with [1,1-²H₂]FPP (1a), (1S)-[1-²H]-FPP (1b), and (1R)-[1-²H]-FPP (1c) and NMR analysis of the resulting samples of deuterated (-)-δ-cadinene supported a cyclization mechanism involving the intermediacy of nerolidyl diphosphate (4) leading to a helminthogermacradienyl cation 5. Following a 1,3-hydride shift of the original H-1(si) of FPP, cyclization and deprotonation will give (-)-δ-cadinene. Similar incubations with recombinant SSCG_03688 supported an analogous mechanism for the formation of (+)-T-muurolol (3), also involving a 1,3-hydride shift of the original H-1(si) of FPP.	1
Title: Cloning of a gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of diterpene aphidicolin, a specific inhibitor of DNA polymerase alpha Abstract: The fungal diterpene, aphidicolin, is a well-known specific inhibitor of DNA polymerase alpha. Terpenoids are an important class of natural products. However, identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster in terpenoids is relatively rare compared with another important class of natural products, polyketides. To explore a reliable identification method for the biosynthetic gene cluster in fungal diterpenoids, cloning of the biosynthetic gene cluster of aphidicolin was employed. The application of a simple PCR method for genome walking based on the sequence of cDNA encoding aphidicolan-16beta-ol synthase (ACS) allowed us to analyze a 15.6-kb region of the Phoma betae genomic DNA. Six ORFs, PbGGS, ACS, PbP450-1, PbP450-2, PbTP, and PbTF were found in this region, and respectively expected to encode geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase, diterpene synthase, two cytochrome P-450s, the transporter and transcription factor. Their amino acid sequences and introns were deduced by a corresponding cDNA analysis. This study shows that simple PCR-based genome walking without constructing a genomic DNA library is useful for identification of a small gene cluster. We propose a general strategy for the cloning the biosynthetic genes of fungal diterpenoids by using fungal GGS.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the cyclooctatin biosynthetic gene cluster afford a diterpene cyclase and two p450 hydroxylases Abstract: Cyclooctatin, a diterpene characterized by a 5-8-5 fused ring system, is a potent inhibitor of lysophospholipase. Here we report the cloning and characterization of a complete cyclooctatin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces melanosporofaciens MI614-43F2 and heterologous production of cyclooctatin in S. albus. Sequence analysis coupled with subcloning and gene deletion revealed that the minimal cyclooctatin biosynthetic gene cluster consists of four genes, cotB1 to cotB4, encoding geranylgeranyl diphosphate (GGDP) synthase, terpene cyclase (CotB2), and two cytochromes P450, respectively. Incubation of the recombinant CotB2 with GGDP resulted in the formation of cyclooctat-9-en-7-ol, an unprecedented tricyclic diterpene alcohol. The present study establishes the complete biosynthetic pathway of cyclooctatin and provides insights into both the stereospecific diterpene cyclization mechanism of the GGDP cyclase and the molecular bases for the stereospecific and regiospecific hydroxylation.	1
Title: A gene cluster for biosynthesis of the sesquiterpenoid antibiotic pentalenolactone in Streptomyces avermitilis Abstract: Streptomyces avermitilis, an industrial organism responsible for the production of the anthelminthic avermectins, harbors a 13.4 kb gene cluster containing 13 unidirectionally transcribed open reading frames corresponding to the apparent biosynthetic operon for the sesquiterpene antibiotic pentalenolactone. The advanced intermediate pentalenolactone F, along with the shunt metabolite pentalenic acid, could be isolated from cultures of S. avermitilis, thereby establishing that the pentalenolactone biosynthetic pathway is functional in S. avermitilis. Deletion of the entire 13.4 kb cluster from S. avermitilis abolished formation of pentalenolactone metabolites, while transfer of the intact cluster to the pentalenolactone nonproducer Streptomyces lividans 1326 resulted in production of pentalenic acid. Direct evidence for the biochemical function of the individual biosynthetic genes came from expression of the ptlA gene (SAV2998) in Escherichia coli. Assay of the resultant protein established that PtlA is a pentalenene synthase, catalyzing the cyclization of farnesyl diphosphate to pentalenene, the parent hydrocarbon of the pentalenolactone family of metabolites. The most upstream gene in the cluster, gap1 (SAV2990), was shown to correspond to the pentalenolactone resistance gene, based on expression in E. coli and demonstration that the resulting glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase, the normal target of pentalenolactone, was insensitive to the antibiotic. Furthermore, a second GAPDH isozyme (gap2, SAV6296) has been expressed in E. coli and shown to be inactivated by pentalenolactone.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of diazepinomicin/ECO-4601, a Micromonospora secondary metabolite with a novel ring system Abstract: The novel microbial metabolite diazepinomicin/ECO-4601 (1) has a unique tricyclic dibenzodiazepinone core, which was unprecedented among microbial metabolites. Labeled feeding experiments indicated that the carbocyclic ring and the ring nitrogen of tryptophan could be incorporated via degradation to the 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid, forming ring A and the nonamide nitrogen of 1. Genomic analysis of the biosynthetic locus indicated that the farnesyl side chain was mevalonate derived, the 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid moiety could be formed directly from chorismate, and the third ring was constructed via 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid. Successful incorporation of 4,6-D2-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid into ring A of 1 via feeding experiments supports the genetic analysis and the allocation of the locus to this biosynthesis. These studies highlight the enzymatic complexity needed to produce this structural type, which is rare in nature.	1
Title: Molecular genetic characterization of a cluster in A. terreus for biosynthesis of the meroterpenoid terretonin Abstract: Meroterpenoids are natural products produced from polyketide and terpenoid precursors. A gene targeting system for A. terreus NIH2624 was developed, and a gene cluster for terretonin biosynthesis was characterized. The intermediates and shunt products were isolated from the mutant strains, and a pathway for terretonin biosynthesis is proposed. Analysis of two meroterpenoid pathways corresponding to terretonin in A. terreus and austinol in A. nidulans reveals that they are closely related evolutionarily.	1
Title: Uncovering the unusual D-ring construction in terretonin biosynthesis by collaboration of a multifunctional cytochrome P450 and a unique isomerase Abstract: Terretonin (1) is a fungal meroterpenoid isolated from Aspergillus terreus, and possesses a highly oxygenated and unique tetracyclic structure. Although the biosynthetic gene cluster for 1 has been identified and the biosynthesis has recently been studied by heterologous reconstitution and targeted-gene deletion experiments, the last few steps of the terretonin pathway after terrenoid (6) have yet to be elucidated. Notably, the mechanism for the D-ring expansion to afford the terretonin scaffold has been a long-standing mystery to solve. Here we report the characterization of three enzymes that convert 6 into 1, as well as the complete biosynthetic pathway of 1. In the proposed terretonin pathway, the cytochrome P450 Trt6 catalyzes three successive oxidations to transform 6 into an unstable intermediate, which then undergoes the D-ring expansion and unusual rearrangement of the methoxy group to afford the core skeleton of 1. This unprecedented rearrangement is catalyzed by a novel isomerase Trt14. Finally, the nonheme iron-dependent dioxygenase Trt7 accomplishes the last two oxidation reactions steps to complete the biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome mining in Streptomyces avermitilis: cloning and characterization of SAV_76, the synthase for a new sesquiterpene, avermitilol Abstract: The terpene synthase encoded by the sav76 gene of Streptomyces avermtilis was expressed in Escherichia coli as an N-terminal-His(6)-tag protein, using a codon-optimized synthetic gene. Incubation of the recombinant protein, SAV_76, with farnesyl diphosphate (1, FPP) in the presence of Mg(2+) gave a new sesquiterpene alcohol avermitilol (2), whose structure and stereochemistry were determined by a combination of (1)H, (13)C, COSY, HMQC, HMBC, and NOESY NMR, along with minor amounts of germacrene A (3), germacrene B (4), and viridiflorol (5). The absolute configuration of 2 was assigned by (1)H NMR analysis of the corresponding (R)- and (S)-Mosher esters. The steady state kinetic parameters were k(cat) 0.040 +/- 0.001 s(-1) and K(m) 1.06 +/- 0.11 microM. Individual incubations of recombinant avermitilol synthase with [1,1-(2)H(2)]FPP (1a), (1S)-[1-(2)H]-FPP (1b), and (1R)-[1-(2)H]-FPP (1c) and NMR analysis of the resulting avermitilols supported a cyclization mechanism involving the loss of H-1(re) to generate the intermediate bicyclogermacrene (7), which then undergoes proton-initiated anti-Markovnikov cyclization and capture of water to generate 2. A copy of the sav76 gene was reintroduced into S. avermitilis SUKA17, a large deletion mutant from which the genes for the major endogenous secondary metabolites had been removed, and expressed under control of the native S. avermitilis promoter rpsJp (sav4925). The resultant transformants generated avermitilol (2) as well as the derived ketone, avermitilone (8), along with small amounts of 3, 4, and 5. The biochemical function of all four terpene synthases found in the S. avermtilis genome have now been determined.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the asperthecin gene cluster of Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: The sequencing of Aspergillus genomes has revealed that the products of a large number of secondary metabolism pathways have not yet been identified. This is probably because many secondary metabolite gene clusters are not expressed under normal laboratory culture conditions. It is, therefore, important to discover conditions or regulatory factors that can induce the expression of these genes. We report that the deletion of sumO, the gene that encodes the small ubiquitin-like protein SUMO in A. nidulans, caused a dramatic increase in the production of the secondary metabolite asperthecin and a decrease in the synthesis of austinol/dehydroaustinol and sterigmatocystin. The overproduction of asperthecin in the sumO deletion mutant has allowed us, through a series of targeted deletions, to identify the genes required for asperthecin synthesis. The asperthecin biosynthesis genes are clustered and include genes encoding an iterative type I polyketide synthase, a hydrolase, and a monooxygenase. The identification of these genes allows us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for asperthecin.	1
Title: Identification and functional analysis of brassicicene C biosynthetic gene cluster in Alternaria brassicicola Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of brassicicene C was identified in Alternaria brassicicola strain ATCC 96836 from genome database search. In vivo and in vitro study clearly revealed the function of Orf8 and Orf6 as a fusicoccadiene synthase and methyltransferase, respectively. The understanding toward the biosynthetic pathway promises construction of this type of diterpene compounds with genetic engineering.	1
Title: Dioxygenases, key enzymes to determine the aglycon structures of fusicoccin and brassicicene, diterpene compounds produced by fungi Abstract: Fusicoccin A and cotylenin A are structurally related diterpene glucosides and show a phytohormone-like activity. However, only cotylenin A induces the differentiation of human myeloid leukemia cells. Since the cotylenin A producer lost its ability to proliferate during preservation, a study on the relationship between structure and activity was carried out and a modified fusicoccin A with hydroxyl group at the 3-position showed a similar biological activity with that of cotylenin A. We then searched for an enzyme source that catalyzes the introduction of a hydroxyl group into the 3-position and found that brassicicene C, which is structurally related to fusicoccin A with hydroxyl group at the 3-position, was produced by Alternaria brassicicola ATCC96836. We recently cloned a brassicicene C biosynthetic gene cluster including the genes encoding fusicocca-2,10(14)-diene synthase and two cytochrome P450s, which were responsible for the formation of fusicocca-2,10(14)-diene-8β,16-diol. In this study, we report that a α-ketoglutarate dependent dioxygenase, the gene coding for which was located in the cluster, catalyzed a hydroxylation at the 3-position of fusicocca-2,10(14)-diene-8β,16-diol. On the other hand, a α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase, which had been identified in a fusicoccin A biosynthetic gene cluster, catalyzed the 16-oxidation of fusicocca-2,10(14)-diene-8β,16-diol to yield an aldehyde (8β-hydroxyfusicocca-1,10(14)-dien-16-al), although both dioxygenases had 51% amino acid sequence identity. These findings suggested that the dioxygenases played critical roles for the formation of the fusicoccin A-type and cotylenin A-/brassicicene C-type aglycons. Moreover, we showed that short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase located in the fusicoccin A biosynthetic gene cluster catalyzed the reduction of the aldehyde to yield fusicocca-1,10(14)-diene-8β,16-diol.	1
Title: Functional analyses of cytochrome P450 genes responsible for the early steps of brassicicene C biosynthesis Abstract: We previously revealed that Orf8 and Orf6, which were identified in the brassicicene C biosynthetic gene cluster in Alternaria brassicicola strain ATCC96836, were fusicoccadiene (FD) synthase and 16-O-methyltransferase, respectively. In the present Letter, the early biosynthetic steps after the formation of FD were investigated. Plasmids carrying the FD synthase gene, one (or two) of five cytochrome P450 genes (orf1, orf2, orf5, orf7, and orf11) identified in the cluster and a cytochrome P450 reductase gene cloned from strain ATCC96836 were constructed and introduced into Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Based on the structures of the compounds produced by the transformants, Orf1 is suggested to be an 8beta-hydroxylation enzyme that yields FD 8beta-ol (4), followed by 16-hydroxylation by Orf7 to produce FD 8beta16-diol (5).	1
Title: Biosynthesis of steroidal antibiotic fusidanes: functional analysis of oxidosqualene cyclase and subsequent tailoring enzymes from Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Three putative oxidosqualene cyclase (OSC) genes exist in the genome of the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus that produces a steroidal antibiotic, helvolic acid. One of these genes, Afu4g14770, designated AfuOSC3, is clustered with genes of cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (P450s), a short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (SDR), and acyltransferases, which presumably function in triterpene tailoring steps, suggesting that this gene cluster codes for helvolic acid biosynthesis. AfuOSC3 was PCR amplified from A. fumigatus IFO8866 genomic DNA and expressed in yeast. The yeast transformant accumulated protosta-17(20)Z,24-dien-3beta-ol, an established precursor for helvolic acid. Its structural isomer, (20R)-protosta-13(17),24-dien-3beta-ol, was also isolated from the transformed yeast. To further identify the function of triterpene tailoring enzymes, four P450 genes (CYP5081A1-D1) and a SDR gene (AfuSDR1) in the cluster were each coexpressed with AfuOSC3 in yeast. As a result, coexpression of AfuSDR1 gave a 3-keto derivative of protostadienol. On the other hand, coexpression with CYP5081A1 gave protosta-17(20)Z,24-diene-3beta,29-diol and protosta-17(20)Z,24-dien-3beta-ol-29-oic acid. These metabolites are in well accord with the oxidative modification involved in helvolic acid biosynthesis. AfuSDR1 and CYP5081A1 presumably function together to catalyze demethylation of C-29 methyl group. These results provided a firm ground for identification of the present gene cluster to be involved in helvolic acid biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of helvolic acid and identification of an unusual C-4-demethylation process distinct from sterol biosynthesis Abstract: Fusidane-type antibiotics represented by helvolic acid, fusidic acid and cephalosporin P1 are a class of bacteriostatic agents, which have drawn renewed attention because they have no cross-resistance to commonly used antibiotics. However, their biosynthesis is poorly understood. Here, we perform a stepwise introduction of the nine genes from the proposed gene cluster for helvolic acid into Aspergillus oryzae NSAR1, which enables us to isolate helvolic acid (~20 mg L-1) and its 21 derivatives. Anti-Staphylococcus aureus assay reveals that the antibacterial activity of three intermediates is even stronger than that of helvolic acid. Notably, we observe an unusual C-4 demethylation process mediated by a promiscuous short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (HelC) and a cytochrome P450 enzyme (HelB1), which is distinct from the common sterol biosynthesis. These studies have set the stage for using biosynthetic approaches to expand chemical diversity of fusidane-type antibiotics.	1
Title: Identification of diterpene biosynthetic gene clusters and functional analysis of labdane-related diterpene cyclases in Phomopsis amygdali Abstract: Two diterpene biosynthesis gene clusters in the fusicoccin-producing fungus, Phomopsis amygdali, were identified by genome walking from PaGGS1 and PaGGS4 which encode the geranylgeranyl diphosphate (GGDP) synthases. The diterpene cyclase-like genes, PaDC1 and PaDC2, were respectively located proximal to PaGGS1 and PaGGS4. The amino acid sequences of these two enzymes were similar to those of fungal labdane-related diterpene cyclases. Recombinant PaDC1 converted GGDP mainly into phyllocladan-16 alpha-ol via (+)-copalyl diphosphate (CDP) and trace amounts of several labdane-related hydrocarbons which had been identified from the P. amygdali F6 mycelia. Since phyllocladan-16 alpha-ol had not been identified in P. amygdali F6 mycelia, we isolated phyllocladan-16 alpha-ol from the mycelia. Recombinant PaDC2 converted GGDP into (+)-CDP. Furthermore, we isolated the novel diterpenoid, phyllocladan-11 alpha,16 alpha,18-triol, which is a possible metabolite of phyllocladan-16 alpha-ol in the mycelia. We propose that genome walking offers a useful strategy for the discovery of novel natural products in fungi.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the tobramycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces tenebrarius Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for tobramycin, a 2-deoxystreptamine-containing aminoglycoside antibiotic, was isolated from Streptomyces tenebrarius ATCC 17920. A genomic library of S. tenebrarius was constructed, and a cosmid, pST51, was isolated by the probes based on the core regions of 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose (DOI) synthase, and L-glutamine:DOI aminotransferase and L-glutamine:scyllo-inosose aminotransferase. Sequencing of 33.9 kb revealed 24 open reading frames (ORFs) including putative tobramycin biosynthetic genes. We demonstrated that one of these ORFs, tbmA, encodes DOI synthase by in vitro enzyme assay of the purified protein. The catalytic residues of TbmA and dehydroquinate synthase were studied by homology modeling. The gene cluster found is likely to be involved in the biosynthesis of tobramycin.	1
Title: The str gene cluster for the biosynthesis of 5'-hydroxystreptomycin in Streptomyces glaucescens GLA.0 (ETH 22794): new operons and evidence for pathway-specific regulation by StrR Abstract: Two divergently oriented operons, strXU and strVW, located within the gene cluster for 5'-hydroxystreptomycin (5'-OH-Sm) biosynthesis in Streptomyces glaucescens strain GAL.0 (ETH 22794), were analysed by DNA sequencing and transcription/regulation studies. Three genes, strU and strVW, are conserved in a similar arrangement but in a different location within the str/sts gene cluster of the Sm-producing strain S. griseus N2-3-11. The four putative products resemble NDP-4-ketohexose 3,5-epimerases (StrX, M(r) 20.2 kDa), NAD(P)-dependent oxidoreductases (StrU, 45.6 kDa), and ABC-transporters (StrV, 61.8 kDa; StrW, 63.4 kDa). These genes are apparently involved in the biosynthesis of 5'-OH-Sm because the promoters of both operons are activated in trans by the activator StrR of S. griseus N2-3-11, when cloned in S. lividans 66 TK23. A sequence motif resembling the consensus sequence GTTCGActG(N)11CagTcGAAc for binding of StrR was identified within the intergenic region of strX and strV. Specific binding of StrR to this site was demonstrated by gel retardation assays using purified His*Tag-StrR.	1
Title: The AcbC protein from Actinoplanes species is a C7-cyclitol synthase related to 3-dehydroquinate synthases and is involved in the biosynthesis of the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose Abstract: The putative biosynthetic gene cluster for the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose was identified in the producer Actinoplanes sp. 50/110 by cloning a DNA segment containing the conserved gene for dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase, acbB. The two flanking genes were acbA (dTDP-D-glucose synthase) and acbC, encoding a protein with significant similarity to 3-dehydroquinate synthases (AroB proteins). The acbC gene was overexpressed heterologously in Streptomyces lividans 66, and the product was shown to be a C7-cyclitol synthase using sedo-heptulose 7-phosphate, but not ido-heptulose 7-phosphate, as its substrate. The cyclization product, 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone ((2S,3S,4S,5R)-5-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohexanon-2,3,4,5-tetrol), is a precursor of the valienamine moiety of acarbose. A possible five-step reaction mechanism is proposed for the cyclization reaction catalyzed by AcbC based on the recent analysis of the three-dimensional structure of a eukaryotic 3-dehydroquinate synthase domain (Carpenter, E. P., Hawkins, A. R., Frost, J. W., and Brown, K. A. (1998) Nature 394, 299-302).	1
Title: Identification, cloning, expression, and characterization of the extracellular acarbose-modifying glycosyltransferase, AcbD, from Actinoplanes sp. strain SE50 Abstract: An extracellular enzyme activity in the culture supernatant of the acarbose producer Actinoplanes sp. strain SE50 catalyzes the transfer of the acarviosyl moiety of acarbose to malto-oligosaccharides. This acarviosyl transferase (ATase) is encoded by a gene, acbD, in the putative biosynthetic gene cluster for the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose. The acbD gene was cloned and heterologously produced in Streptomyces lividans TK23. The recombinant protein was analyzed by enzyme assays. The AcbD protein (724 amino acids) displays all of the features of extracellular alpha-glucosidases and/or transglycosylases of the alpha-amylase family and exhibits the highest similarities to several cyclodextrin glucanotransferases (CGTases). However, AcbD had neither alpha-amylase nor CGTase activity. The AcbD protein was purified to homogeneity, and it was identified by partial protein sequencing of tryptic peptides. AcbD had an apparent molecular mass of 76 kDa and an isoelectric point of 5.0 and required Ca(2+) ions for activity. The enzyme displayed maximal activity at 30 degrees C and between pH 6.2 and 6.9. The K(m) values of the ATase for acarbose (donor substrate) and maltose (acceptor substrate) are 0.65 and 0.96 mM, respectively. A wide range of additional donor and acceptor substrates were determined for the enzyme. Acceptors revealed a structural requirement for glucose-analogous structures conserving only the overall stereochemistry, except for the anomeric C atom, and the hydroxyl groups at positions 2, 3, and 4 of D-glucose. We discuss here the function of the enzyme in the extracellular formation of the series of acarbose-homologous compounds produced by Actinoplanes sp. strain SE50.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the C(7)-cyclitol moiety of acarbose in Actinoplanes species SE50/110. 7-O-phosphorylation of the initial cyclitol precursor leads to proposal of a new biosynthetic pathway Abstract: We have previously demonstrated that the biosynthesis of the C(7)-cyclitol, called valienol (or valienamine), of the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose starts from the cyclization of sedo-heptulose 7-phosphate to 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone (Stratmann, A., Mahmud, T., Lee, S., Distler, J., Floss, H. G., and Piepersberg, W. (1999) J. Biol. Chem. 274, 10889-10896). Synthesis of the intermediate 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone is catalyzed by the cyclase AcbC encoded in the biosynthetic (acb) gene cluster of Actinoplanes sp. SE50/110. The acbC gene lies in a possible transcription unit, acbKLMNOC, cluster encompassing putative biosynthetic genes for cyclitol conversion. All genes were heterologously expressed in strains of Streptomyces lividans 66 strains 1326, TK23, and TK64. The AcbK protein was identified as the acarbose 7-kinase, which had been described earlier (Drepper, A., and Pape, H. (1996) J. Antibiot. (Tokyo) 49, 664-668). The multistep conversion of 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone to the final cyclitol moiety was studied by testing enzymatic mechanisms such as dehydration, reduction, epimerization, and phosphorylation. Thus, a phosphotransferase activity was identified modifying 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone by ATP-dependent phosphorylation. This activity could be attributed to the AcbM protein by verifying this activity in S. lividans strain TK64/pCW4123M, expressing His-tagged AcbM. The His-tagged AcbM protein was purified and subsequently characterized as a 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone 7-kinase, presumably catalyzing the first enzyme reaction in the biosynthetic route, leading to an activated form of the intermediate 1-epi-valienol. The AcbK protein could not catalyze the same reaction nor convert any of the other C(7)-cyclitol monomers tested. The 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone 7-phosphate was further converted by the AcbO protein to another isomeric and phosphorylated intermediate, which was likely to be the 2-epimer 5-epi-valiolone 7-phosphate. The products of both enzyme reactions were characterized by mass spectrometric methods. The product of the AcbM-catalyzed reaction, 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone 7-phosphate, was purified on a preparative scale and identified by NMR spectroscopy. A biosynthetic pathway for the pseudodisaccharidic acarviosyl moiety of acarbose is proposed on the basis of these data.	1
Title: The acarbose-biosynthetic enzyme AcbO from Actinoplanes sp. SE 50/110 is a 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone-7-phosphate 2-epimerase Abstract: The C7-cyclitol 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone is the first precursor of the cyclitol moiety of the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose in Actinoplanes sp. SE50. The 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone becomes phosphorylated at C7 by the ATP dependent kinase AcbM prior to the next modifications. Preliminary data gave evidences that the AcbO protein could catalyse the first modification step of 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone-7-phosphate. Therefore, the AcbO protein, the encoding gene of which is also part of the acbKMLNOC operon, was overproduced and purified. Indeed the purified protein catalysed the 2-epimerisation of 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone-7-phosphate. The chemical structure of the purified reaction product was proven by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy to be 5-epi-valiolone-7-phosphate.	1
Title: The acbH gene of Actinoplanes sp. encodes a solute receptor with binding activities for acarbose and longer homologs Abstract: Acarbose, a pseudomaltotetraose, is produced by strains of the genus Actinoplanes and is a potent inhibitor of alpha-glucosidases, including those from the human intestine. Therefore, it is used in the treatment of patients suffering from type 2 diabetes. The benefits of acarbose for the producer are not known; however, besides acting as an inhibitor of alpha-amylases secreted by competitors, a role as a 'carbophor' has been proposed. This would require a transport system mediating its uptake into the cytoplasm of Actinoplanes sp. A putative sugar ATP binding cassette (ABC) transport system, the genes of which are included within the biosynthetic gene cluster for acarbose, was suggested to be a possible candidate. The genes acbHFG encode a possible sugar binding protein (AcbH) and two membrane integral subunits (AcbFG). A gene coding for an ATPase component is missing. Since Actinoplanes sp. cannot yet be genetically manipulated we performed experiments to identify the substrate(s) of the putative transporter by assessing the substrate specificity of AcbH. The protein was overproduced in Escherichia coli as His10-fusion protein, purified under denaturating conditions and renatured. Refolding was verified by circular dichroism spectroscopy. Surface plasmon resonance studies revealed that AcbH binds acarbose and longer derivatives, but not maltodextrins, maltose or sucrose. Immunoblot analysis revealed the association of AcbH with the membrane fraction of Actinoplanes cells that were grown in the presence of maltose, maltodextrins or acarbose. Together, these findings suggest that the AcbHFG complex might be involved in the uptake of acarbose and are consistent with a role for acarbose as a 'carbophor'.	1
Title: Butirosin-biosynthetic gene cluster from Bacillus circulans Abstract: Butirosin is an interesting 2-deoxystreptamine (DOS)-containing aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by non-actinomycete Bacilli. Recently we were successful in purification of 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose synthase from butirosin-producer Bacillus circulans as the key enzyme for the biosynthesis of DOS, in cloning of the responsible gene (btrC), and in its overexpression in Escherichia coli. The present study involved gene-walking approach, which allowed us to find a gene cluster around btrC. The function of each gene was further investigated by gene disruption, and the disruptants of btrB, btrC, btrD and btrM showed no antibiotic producing activity. Therefore, the gene cluster found so far was determined to be a part of the butirosin biosynthetic gene cluster. Functions of some ORFs are also discussed in terms of butirosin biosynthesis on the basis of database search.	1
Title: Extended sequence and functional analysis of the butirosin biosynthetic gene cluster in Bacillus circulans SANK 72073 Abstract: Butirosin produced by Bacillus circulans is among the clinically important 2-deoxystreptamine containing aminoglycoside antibiotics and its unique structure is found in (S)-4-amino-2-hydroxyburyric acid substituted at C-1 of 2-deoxystreptamine. Recently, the key part of the butirosin biosynthetic gene cluster has been identified from Bacillus circulans SANK 72073, however the whole gene for the biosynthesis awaited for identification. In the present study, we undertook extended analysis of the butirosin biosynthetic gene cluster and found nine additional open reading flames (ORFs), btrQ, btrR1, btrR2, btrT, btrU, btrV, btrW, btrX and orf1 in the cluster. In addition, we constructed disruption mutants of btrR1 and btrP-V, and found that the btr genes (ca. 24Kb) between btrR1 and btrP-V are at least required for the butirosin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Organization and nature of fortimicin A (astromicin) biosynthetic genes studied using a cosmid library of Micromonospora olivasterospora DNA Abstract: The cloning of five DNA segments carrying at least seven genes (fms1, fms3, fms4, fms5, fms7, fms11, and fms12) that participate in fortimicin A (astromicin) biosynthesis was described previously. These DNA fragments were used to screen a cosmid library of genomic DNA in order to examine if these biosynthetic genes are clustered in Micromonospora olivasterospora. One cosmid clone (pGLM990) was obtained, which hybridized to all the probes. Complementation analysis, using mutants blocked at various steps and chimeric plasmids subcloned from pGLM990, showed that three additional genes (fms8, fms10, and fms13) are present in pGLM990. A gene conferring self-resistance to the antibiotic, which was independently cloned in Streptomyces lividans, using the plasmid vector pIJ702 was also found to be linked to the cluster of biosynthetic genes. Thus, at least ten biosynthetic genes and a self-defense gene are clustered in a chromosomal region of about 27 kb in M. olivasterospora. Interestingly, the fms8 gene which participates in the dehydroxylation step of fortimicin A biosynthesis was found to have homology with a neomycin resistance gene nmrA from the neomycin-producing Micromonospora sp. MK50. Studies using a cell-free extract of the fms8 mutant and its parent strain showed that the enzyme encoded by fms8 phosphorylates a biosynthetic precursor, fortimicin KK1, in the presence of ATP. Thus the dehydroxylation reaction is suggested to occur via the phosphorylation of the target hydroxyl group. DNA regions homologous to fms genes were found in Micromonospora sp. SF-2098 and Dactylosporangium matsuzakiense, both producers of fortimicin group antibiotics.	1
Title: Gene cluster in Micromonospora echinospora ATCC15835 for the biosynthesis of the gentamicin C complex Abstract: Gentamicin is a 4,6-disubstituted aminocyclitol antibiotic complex synthesised by some members of the actinomycete genus Micromonospora. In a search for the gentamicin biosynthetic gene cluster we identified, using a cosmid library approach, a region of the M. echinospora ATCC15835 chromosome that encodes homologues of aminoglycoside biosynthesis genes including gntB-a close homologue of the 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose synthase gene (btrC) from butirosin-producing Bacillus circulans. Insertional inactivation was achieved by homologous recombination with an internal gntB fragment-containing suicide plasmid, delivered by conjugal transfer from Escherichia coli. gntB disruptants were gentamicin nonproducing mutants as assayed by an ELISA antibiotic detection system, proving the association of gntB (or a downstream region) with gentamicin biosynthesis. The function of some open reading frames within the cluster, predicted by nucleotide database homology searching, is discussed with regards to their potential roles in gentamicin biosynthesis. The discovery of this genetic region represents the first report of a gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of a 4,6-disubstituted aminocyclitol antibiotic.	1
Title: Enzymology of aminoglycoside biosynthesis-deduction from gene clusters Abstract: The classical aminoglycosides are, with very few exceptions, typically actinobacterial secondary metabolites with antimicrobial activities all mediated by inhibiting translation on the 30S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. Some chemically related natural products inhibit glucosidases by mimicking oligo-alpha-1,4-glucosides. The biochemistry of the aminoglycoside biosynthetic pathways is still a developing field since none of the pathways has been analyzed to completeness as yet. In this chapter we treat the enzymology of aminoglycoside biosyntheses as far as it becomes apparent from recent investigations based on the availability of DNA sequence data of biosynthetic gene clusters for all major structural classes of these bacterial metabolites. We give a more general overview of the field, including descriptions of some key enzymes in various aminoglycoside pathways, whereas in Chapter 20 provides a detailed account of the better-studied enzymology thus far known for the neomycin and butirosin pathways.	1
Title: Production of hygromycin A analogs in Streptomyces hygroscopicus NRRL 2388 through identification and manipulation of the biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Hygromycin A, an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus NRRL 2388, offers a distinct carbon skeleton structure for development of antibacterial agents targeting the bacterial ribosomal peptidyl transferase. A 31.5 kb genomic DNA region covering the hygromycin A biosynthetic gene cluster has been identified, cloned, and sequenced. The hygromycin gene cluster has 29 ORFs which can be assigned to hygromycin A resistance as well as regulation and biosynthesis of the three key moieties of hygromycin A (5-dehydro-alpha-L-fucofuranose, (E)-3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-2-methylacrylic acid, and 2L-2-amino-2-deoxy-4,5-O-methylene-neo-inositol. The predicted Hyg26 protein has sequence homology to short-chain alcohol dehydrogenases and is assigned to the final step in production of the 5-dehydro-alpha-L-fucofuranose, catalyzing the reduction of alpha-L-fucofuranose. A hyg26 mutant strain was generated and shown to produce no hygromycin A but 5''-dihydrohygromycin A, 5''-dihydromethoxyhygromycin A, and a 5''-dihydrohygromycin A product lacking the aminocyclitol moiety. To the best of our knowledge, these shunt metabolites of biosynthetic pathway intermediates have not previously been identified. They provide insight into the ordering of the multiple unusual steps which compromise the convergent hygromycin A biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Identification of genes necessary for jinggangmycin biosynthesis from Streptomyces hygroscopicus 10-22 Abstract: A series of large chromosomal deletions in Streptomyces hygroscopicus 10-22 were aligned on the physical map of the wild-type strain and the mutants were assessed for their ability to produce the aminocyclitol antibiotic 5102-I (jinggangmycin). Twenty-eight mutants were blocked for jinggangmycin production and all of them were found to lack a 300 kb AseI-F fragment of the wild-type chromosome. An ordered cosmid library of the 300 kb AseI-F fragment was made and one of the cosmids conferred jinggangmycin productivity to Streptomyces lividans ZX1. Three of the overlapping cosmids (18G7, 5H3 and 9A2) also hybridized to the valA gene of the validamycin pathway from S. hygroscopicus 5008 as a probe. This gene resembles acbC from Actinoplanes sp. 50/110, which encodes a C7-cyclitol synthase that catalyses the transformation of sedoheptulose 7-phosphate into 2-5-epi-valiolone for acarbose biosynthesis. The valA/acbC-homolog (orf1) of S. hygroscopicus 10-22 was shown to be essential for jinggangmycin biosynthesis as an engineered mutant with a specific in-frame deletion removing a 609 bp sequence internal to orf1 completely abolished jinggangmycin production and the corresponding knock-out mutant (JXH4) could be complemented for jinggangmycin production by the introduction of an orf1-containing construct. Concurrently, the identities of the genes common to S. hygroscopicus strains 10-22 and 5008 prompted a comparison of the chemical structures of jinggangmycin and validamycin, which led to a clear demonstration that they are identical.	1
Title: Amplification of the entire kanamycin biosynthetic gene cluster during empirical strain improvement of Streptomyces kanamyceticus Abstract: Streptomyces kanamyceticus 12-6 is a derivative of the wild-type strain developed for industrial kanamycin (Km) production. Southern analysis and DNA sequencing revealed amplification of a large genomic segment including the entire Km biosynthetic gene cluster in the chromosome of strain 12-6. At 145 kb, the amplifiable unit of DNA (AUD) is the largest AUD reported in Streptomyces. Striking repetitive DNA sequences belonging to the clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats family were found in the AUD and may play a role in its amplification. Strain 12-6 contains a mixture of different chromosomes with varying numbers of AUDs, sometimes exceeding 36 copies and producing an amplified region >5.7 Mb. The level of Km production depended on the copy number of the Km biosynthetic gene cluster, suggesting that DNA amplification occurred during strain improvement as a consequence of selection for increased Km resistance. Amplification of DNA segments including entire antibiotic biosynthetic gene clusters might be a common mechanism leading to increased antibiotic production in industrial strains.	1
Title: Modulation of kanamycin B and kanamycin A biosynthesis in Streptomyces kanamyceticus via metabolic engineering Abstract: Both kanamycin A and kanamycin B, antibiotic components produced by Streptomyces kanamyceticus, have medical value. Two different pathways for kanamycin biosynthesis have been reported by two research groups. In this study, to obtain an optimal kanamycin A-producing strain and a kanamycin B-high-yield strain, we first examined the native kanamycin biosynthetic pathway in vivo. Based on the proposed parallel biosynthetic pathway, kanN disruption should lead to kanamycin A accumulation; however, the kanN-disruption strain produced neither kanamycin A nor kanamycin B. We then tested the function of kanJ and kanK. The main metabolite of the kanJ-disruption strain was identified as kanamycin B. These results clarified that kanamycin biosynthesis does not proceed through the parallel pathway and that synthesis of kanamycin A from kanamycin B is catalyzed by KanJ and KanK in S. kanamyceticus. As expected, the kanamycin B yield of the kanJ-disruption strain was 3268±255 μg/mL, 12-fold higher than that of the original strain. To improve the purity of kanamycin A and reduce the yield of kanamycin B in the fermentation broth, four different kanJ- and kanK-overexpressing strains were constructed through either homologous recombination or site-specific integration. The overexpressing strain containing three copies of kanJ and kanK in its genome exhibited the lowest kanamycin B yield (128±20 μg/mL), which was 54% lower than that of the original strain. Our experimental results demonstrate that kanamycin A is derived from KanJ-and-KanK-catalyzed conversion of kanamycin B in S. kanamyceticus. Moreover, based on the clarified biosynthetic pathway, we obtained a kanamycin B-high-yield strain and an optimized kanamycin A-producing strain with minimal byproduct.	1
Title: A gene cluster for biosynthesis of kanamycin from Streptomyces kanamyceticus: comparison with gentamicin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Gene clusters for the biosynthesis of kanamycin (Km) and gentamicin (Gm) were isolated from the genomic libraries of Streptomyces kanamyceticus and Micromonospora echinospora, respectively. The sequencing of the 47 kb-region of S. kanamyceticus genomic DNA revealed 40 putative open reading frames (ORFs) encoding Km biosynthetic proteins, regulatory proteins, and resistance and transport proteins. Similarly, the sequencing of 32.6 kb genomic DNA of M. echinospora revealed a Gm biosynthetic gene cluster flanked by resistant genes. Biosynthetic pathways for the formation of Km were proposed by the comparative study of biosynthetic genes. Out of 12 putative Km biosynthetic genes, kanA was expressed in Escherichia coli and determined its function as a 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose synthase. Furthermore, the acetylations of aminoglycoside-aminocyclitols (AmAcs) by Km acetyltransferase (KanM) were also demonstrated. The acetylated derivatives completely lost their antibacterial activities against Bacillus subtilis. The comparative genetic studies of Gm, Km, tobramycin (Tm), and butirosin (Bn) reveal their similar biosynthetic routes and provide a framework for the further biosynthetic studies.	1
Title: A 7.6kb DNA region from Streptomyces kasugaensis M338-M1 includes some genes responsible for kasugamycin biosynthesis Abstract: A 7.6kb PstI-KpnI DNA fragment including a sequence highly similar to kasugamycin acetyltransferase gene (kac) was isolated from Streptomyces kasugaensis M338-M1 and sequenced. Nine open reading frames (ORFs), designated as ORF A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H and I, were recognized in this region, although ORF A was incomplete. ORF G runs in the opposite direction to the others. The amino acid sequence deduced from ORF H showed 98% similarity to that of the kasugamycin acetyltransferase from S. kasugaensis MB273-C4, another kasugamycin (KSM) producer. Transformation of E. coli JM109 with ORF H made the strain highly resistant to KSM. The deduced amino acid sequences of the ORF A, C and D products were similar, respectively, to glucosyltransferase I from E. coli (26%), beta-alanine: pyruvate transaminase from Pseudomonas putida (32%) and dTDP-D-glucose 4,6-dehydratase (StrE) from Streptomyces griseus (37%). The strE-like ORF (ORF D) seems to be the gene responsible for formation of the 6-deoxy structure of the kasugamine moiety. ORF A and ORF C are also likely to have roles in KSM biosynthesis. Taken together, our analyses strongly suggest that this DNA region includes at least a part of the gene cluster of KSM biosynthesis.	1
Title: The neomycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces fradiae NCIMB 8233: characterisation of an aminotransferase involved in the formation of 2-deoxystreptamine Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the 2-deoxystreptamine (DOS)-containing aminoglycoside antibiotic neomycin has been cloned for the first time by screening of a cosmid library of Streptomyces fradiae NCIMB 8233. Sequence analysis has identified 21 putative open reading frames (ORFs) in the neomycin gene cluster (neo) with significant protein sequence similarity to gene products involved in the biosynthesis of other DOS-containing aminoglycosides, namely butirosin (btr), gentamycin (gnt), tobramycin (tbm) and kanamycin (kan). Located at the 5'-end of the neo gene cluster is the previously-characterised neomycin phosphotransferase gene (apH). Three genes unique to the neo and btr clusters have been revealed by comparison of the neo cluster to btr, gnt, tbm and kan clusters. This suggests that these three genes may be involved in the transfer of a ribose moiety to the DOS ring during the antibiotic biosynthesis. The product of the neo-6 gene is characterised here as the L-glutamine : 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose aminotransferase responsible for the first transamination in DOS biosynthesis, which supports the assignment of the gene cluster.	1
Title: The ribostamycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces ribosidificus: comparison with butirosin biosynthesis Abstract: A cluster of genes for ribostamycin (Rbm) biosynthesis was isolated from Streptomyces ribosidificus ATCC 21294. Sequencing of 31.892 kb of the genomic DNA of S. ribosidificus revealed 26 open reading frames (ORFs) encoding putative Rbm biosynthetic genes as well as resistance and other genes. One of ten putative Rbm biosynthetic genes, rbmA, was expressed in S. lividans TK24, and shown to encode 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose (DOI) synthase. Acetylation of various aminoglycoside-aminocyclitol (AmAcs) by RbmI confirmed it to be an aminoglycoside 3-N-acetyltransferase. Comparison of the genetic control of ribostamycin and butirosin biosynthesis pointed to a common biosynthetic route for these compounds, despite the considerable differences between them in genetic organization.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and sequence analysis of the sisomicin biosynthetic gene cluster from Micromonospora inyoensis Abstract: Micromonospora inyoensis produces sisomicin (Sm), an aminoglycoside antibiotic. The gene cluster of sisomicin biosynthesis spanning ca. 47 kb consists of 37 ORFs encoding various proteins for sisomicin biosynthesis, regulation, resistance and transport. The comparative genetic studies on the biosynthetic genes of sisomicin and gentamicin (Gm) reveal a similar biosynthetic route and provide a framework for the future biosynthetic studies.	1
Title: An efficient approach for cloning the dNDP-glucose synthase gene from actinomycetes and its application in Streptomyces spectabilis, a spectinomycin producer Abstract: Specifically designed PCR primers were applied to amplify a segment of dTDP-glucose synthase gene from six actinomycete strains. About 300-bp or 580-bp DNA fragments were obtained from all the organisms tested. By DNA sequence analysis, seven amplified fragments showed high homology with dTDP-glucose synthase genes that participate in the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites or in deoxy-sugar moieties in lipopolysaccharides. In addition, we have cloned a 45-kb region of DNA from Streptomyces spectabilis ATCC27741, a spectinomycin producer which contained the dTDP-glucose synthase and dTDP-glucose 4,6-dehydratase genes named spcD and spcE, respectively. The spcE gene was expressed in Escherichia coli and the activity was assayed in cell extracts. The enzyme showed substrate specificity only to dTDP-glucose.	1
Title: The gene cluster for spectinomycin biosynthesis and the aminoglycoside-resistance function of spcM in Streptomyces spectabilis Abstract: The gene cluster for spectinomycin biosynthesis from Streptomyces spectabilis was analyzed completely and registered under the accession number EU255259 at the National Center for Biotechnology Information. Based on sequence analysis, spcM of the S. spectabilis cluster is the only methyltransferase candidate required for methylation in spectinomycin biosynthesis. It has high similarity with the conserved domain of DNA methylase, which contains both N-4 cytosine-specific DNA methylases and N-6 adenine-specific DNA methylases. Nucleotide methylation can provide antibiotic resistance, such as 16S rRNA methyltransferase, to Enterobacteriaceae. We therefore tested a hypothesis that SpcM offers aminoglycoside resistance to bacteria. The heterologous expression of spcM in Escherichia coli and S. lividans enhanced resistance against spectinomycin and its relative aminoglycoside antibiotics. We therefore propose that one of the functions of SpcM may be conferring aminoglycoside antibiotic resistance to cells.	1
Title: A spectinomycin resistance determinant from the spectinomycin producer Streptomyces flavopersicus Abstract: The spectinomycin (sp) resistance determinant from Streptomyces flavopersicus was cloned into Streptomyces lividans using the plasmid vector pIJ699. A plasmid, pDGL15, with a 3.65 kb insert from S. flavopersicus conferring resistance to Sp was isolated. DNA sequence analysis of the 3651 1 bp DNA insert revealed four open reading frames (ORFs). The amino acid sequence deduced from one ORF (SpcN) showed a high degree of similarity to an aminoglycoside phosphotransferase (StrN) and from a second one (SpcR) to a regulatory protein (StrR) of the streptomycin biosynthesis gene cluster from S. griseus. The two other ORFs were incomplete and the deduced amino acid sequences showed similarities to an amidinotransferase encoded in the streptomycin biosynthesis gene cluster of S. griseus and to the transposase of IS112, respectively. Expression of the spcN gene in E. coli under the control of tac promoter conferred Sp resistance to the cells. An enzymic assay confirmed that the gene product of spcN is an ATP-dependent aminoglycoside phosphotransferase which phosphorylates Sp and actinamine, the aminocyclitol moiety of Sp.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of 2-deoxystreptamine-containing antibiotics in Streptoalloteichus hindustanus JCM 3268: characterization of 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose synthase Abstract: A part of the new biosynthetic gene cluster for 2-deoxystreptamine-containing antibiotics was identified from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus. The alloH gene in the gene cluster was deduced to encode 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose synthase and the expressed protein AlloH was confirmed to have this enzyme activity. Furthermore, biochemical properties of AlloH were studied.	1
Title: Functional analysis of the validamycin biosynthetic gene cluster and engineered production of validoxylamine A Abstract: A 45 kb DNA sequencing analysis from Streptomyces hygroscopicus 5008 involved in validamycin A (VAL-A) biosynthesis revealed 16 structural genes, 2 regulatory genes, 5 genes related transport, transposition/integration or tellurium resistance; another 4 genes had no obvious identity. The VAL-A biosynthetic pathway was proposed, with assignment of the required genetic functions confined to the sequenced region. A cluster of eight reassembled genes was found to support VAL-A synthesis in a heterologous host, S. lividans 1326. In vivo inactivation of the putative glycosyltransferase gene (valG) abolished the final attachment of glucose for VAL production and resulted in accumulation of the VAL-A precursor, validoxylamine, while the normal production of VAL-A could be restored by complementation with valG. The role of valG in the glycosylation of validoxylamine to VAL-A was demonstrated in vitro by enzymatic assay.	1
Title: Gene cluster responsible for validamycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces hygroscopicus subsp. jinggangensis 5008 Abstract: A gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of validamycin, an aminocyclitol antibiotic widely used as a control agent for sheath blight disease of rice plants, was identified from Streptomyces hygroscopicus subsp. jinggangensis 5008 using heterologous probe acbC, a gene involved in the cyclization of D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate to 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone of the acarbose biosynthetic gene cluster originated from Actinoplanes sp. strain SE50/110. Deletion of a 30-kb DNA fragment from this cluster in the chromosome resulted in loss of validamycin production, confirming a direct involvement of the gene cluster in the biosynthesis of this important plant protectant. A sequenced 6-kb fragment contained valA (an acbC homologue encoding a putative cyclase) as well as two additional complete open reading frames (valB and valC, encoding a putative adenyltransferase and a kinase, respectively), which are organized as an operon. The function of ValA was genetically demonstrated to be essential for validamycin production and biochemically shown to be responsible specifically for the cyclization of D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate to 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone in vitro using the ValA protein heterologously overexpressed in E. coli. The information obtained should pave the way for further detailed analysis of the complete biosynthetic pathway, which would lead to a complete understanding of validamycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: ValC, a new type of C7-Cyclitol kinase involved in the biosynthesis of the antifungal agent validamycin A Abstract: The gene valC, which encodes an enzyme homologous to the 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone kinase (AcbM) of the acarbose biosynthetic pathway, was identified in the validamycin A biosynthetic gene cluster. Inactivation of valC resulted in mutants that lack the ability to produce validamycin A. Complementation experiments with a replicating plasmid harboring full-length valC restored the production of validamycin A, thus suggesting a critical function of valC in validamycin biosynthesis. In vitro characterization of ValC revealed a new type of C7-cyclitol kinase, which phosphorylates valienone and validone--but not 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone, 5-epi-valiolone, or glucose--to afford their 7-phosphate derivatives. The results provide new insights into the activity of this enzyme and also confirm the existence of two different pathways leading to the same end-product: the valienamine moiety common to acarbose and validamycin A.	1
Title: Alternative epimerization in C(7)N-aminocyclitol biosynthesis is catalyzed by ValD, a large protein of the vicinal oxygen chelate superfamily Abstract: Gene valD, encodes a large vicinal oxygen chelate (VOC) superfamily protein, has been identified in the validamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Inactivation of valD significantly reduced validamycin A production, which was fully restored with the full-length valD and partially restored with either N-terminal or C-terminal half by complementation. Heterologously expressed ValD catalyzed the epimerization of 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone to 5-epi-valiolone. This metalloenzyme is a homodimer with a metal ion-binding ratio of 0.73 mol/mole protein toward Fe(2+), Mn(2+), Ni(2+), and Zn(2+). Individual and combined site-directed mutations of eight putative active site residues revealed that the N-terminal H44/E107 and the C-terminal H315/E366 are more critical for the activity than the internal H130, E183, H229, and E291. Our data have established ValD as one of the largest proteins of the VOC superfamily, catalyzing an alternative epimerization for C(7)N-aminocyclitol biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genetic localization and heterologous expression of validamycin biosynthetic gene cluster isolated from Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. limoneus KCCM 11405 (IFO 12704) Abstract: The validamycin biosynthetic gene cluster was isolated from Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. limoneus KTCC 1715 (IFO 12704) using a pair of degenerated PCR primers designed from the sequence of AcbC, 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone synthase in the acarbose biosynthesis. The nucleotide sequence analysis of the 37-kb DNA region revealed 22 complete ORFs including vldA, the acbC ortholog. Located around vldA, vldB to K were predicted to encode adenyltransferase, kinase, ketoreductase (or epimerase/dehydratase), glycosyltransferase, aminotransferase, dehydrogenase, phosphatase/phosphomutase, glycosyl hydrolase, transport protein, and glycosyltransferase, respectively. Apparently absent were any regulatory components within the sequenced region. The disruption of vldA abolished the validamycin biosynthesis and the plasmid-based complementation with vldABC restored production to the vldA-mutant; this substantiated that vldABC are essential to validamycin biosynthesis. This finding enabled us to discover the complete validamycin biosynthetic cluster. The cosmid clone of pJWS3001 harboring the 37-kb DNA region conferred validamycin-accumulation to Streptomyces lividans, indicating that the entire gene cluster of validamycin biosynthesis had been isolated. Additionally, Streptomyces albus, transformed with pJWS3001, produced a high level of alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activity in a R2YE liquid culture, which highlights the portability of the cluster within Streptomyces. The product of vldI was characterized as a glucoamylase (kcat, 32 s(-1); K(m), 5 mg/ml of starch) that does not play any apparent role in the validamycin biosynthesis. In order to characterize the upstream region, a vldW knockout was achieved via gene-replacement. A phenotypic study of the resulting mutant revealed that vldW is not essential for the host's ability to control Pellicularia filamentosa growth. The current information suggests that vldA to vldH is the genetic region essential to validamycin biosynthesis. This promises excellent opportunities to elucidate biosynthetic route(s) to the validamycin complex and to engineer the pathway for industrial application.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of the alginate biosynthetic gene cluster of Pseudomonas aeruginosa shows evidence of an operonic structure Abstract: Strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa causing pulmonary infections in cystic fibrosis patients have an unusual mucoid phenotype because of production of the capsule-like exopolysaccharide, alginate. Transcriptional activation of algD, the first gene of a large alginate biosynthetic gene cluster, is associated with conversion to the alginate-producing (Alg+) phenotype. In this study, we examined the regulation of alginate genes immediately downstream of algD. Mutants of the Alg+ strain FRD1 were constructed by gene replacement with defined Tn501 (8.2kb) insertions in the alginate biosynthetic gene cluster, resulting in an Alg- phenotype. The Alg+ phenotype of these mutants was restored by integration of narrow-host-range plasmids containing DNA fragments from P. aeruginosa that reconstructed a continuous alginate gene cluster. A broad-host-range plasmid containing the entire alginate gene cluster except for the terminal gene, algA, was unable to complement an alG::Tn501 mutant unless algA was transcribed from a second plasmid. This indicated that any Tn501 insertion in the cluster was polar on downstream alginate genes. Northern blot hybridization experiments also showed that a transposon insertion downstream of algD adversely affected algG and algA transcription. These results provided evidence that the alginate biosynthetic gene cluster has an operonic structure and is cotranscribed from the algD promoter.	1
Title: The capsule biosynthetic locus of Pasteurella multocida A:1 Abstract: Pasteurella multocida is the aetiological agent of fowl cholera, bovine haemorrhagic septicaemia and atrophic rhinitis in pigs. Many strains of P. multocida express a capsule on their surface. However, nothing is known about the capsule biosynthetic locus in P. multocida although the capsule has been implicated as a virulence factor. The entire capsule locus of P. multocida A:1 was cloned and sequenced. The locus is divided into three regions. Region 1 comprises four ORFs which are involved in the transport of the capsule polysaccharide to the surface. Region 2 comprises five ORFs whose postulated protein products are involved in the biosynthesis of the polysaccharide capsule. Region 3 comprises two ORFs whose postulated products show similarity to proteins that are involved in the phospholipid substitution of the polysaccharide capsule.	1
Title: Genetic organisation of the capsule biosynthetic locus of Pasteurella multocida M1404 (B:2) Abstract: Capsules from a range of bacterial species have been shown to be major virulence determinants and capsule has been implicated in virulence in Pasteurella multocida. Moreover, capsular serogroup appears to be related to disease predilection. Haemorrhagic septicaemia strains belong to serogroup B and E, fowl cholera strains to serogroup A and atrophic rhinitis strains to serogroup D. The entire capsule biosynthetic locus of P. multocida A:1 has been cloned and its nucleotide sequence determined (Chung et al., 1998. FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 166, 289-296); however, nothing is known of the P. multocida B:2 capsule locus. In this work we have determined the nucleotide sequence and genetic organisation of the P. multocida M1404 (B:2) capsule locus. By analogy with the cap loci of other bacteria, the nucleotide sequence can be divided into three functional regions. Regions 1 and 3 comprise six genes involved in transport of the polysaccharide capsule to the cell surface. The deduced products of these genes show high similarity to proteins involved in capsule export in other bacteria. Region 2 comprises nine genes which are likely involved in biosynthesis of the polysaccharide capsule. The deduced products of three of these genes (bcbA, bcbB and bcbC) show significant similarity to proteins known to be involved in polysaccharide biosynthesis while the other six show no similarity to known proteins. However, their organisation indicates they are co-transcribed with bcbA, bcbB, bcbC and the Region 1 capsule export genes, suggesting strongly that they are also involved in capsule biosynthesis.	1
Title: Analysis of the capsule biosynthetic locus of Mannheimia (Pasteurella) haemolytica A1 and proposal of a nomenclature system Abstract: A 16-kbp DNA region that contains genes involved in the biosynthesis of the capsule of Mannheimia (Pasteurella) haemolytica A1 has been characterized. The gene cluster can be divided into three regions like those of the typical group II capsule biosynthetic clusters in gram-negative bacteria. Region 1 contains four genes (wzt, wzm, wzf, and wza) which code for an ATP-binding cassette transport apparatus for the secretion of the capsule materials across the membranes. The M. haemolytica A1 wzt and wzm genes were able to complement Escherichia coli kpsT and kpsM mutants, respectively. Further, the ATP binding activity of Wzt was demonstrated by its affinity for ATP-agarose, and the lipoprotein nature of Wza was supported by [(3)H]palmitate labeling. Region 2 contains six genes; four genes (orf1/2/3/4) code for unique functions for which no homologues have been identified to date. The remaining two genes (nmaA and nmaB) code for homologues of UDP-N-acetylglucosamine-2-epimerase and UDP-N-acetylmannosamine dehydrogenase, respectively. These two proteins are highly homologous to the E. coli WecB and WecC proteins (formerly known as RffE and RffD), which are involved in the biosynthesis of enterobacterial common antigen (ECA). Complementation of an E. coli rffE/D mutant with the M. haemolytica A1 nmaA/B genes resulted in the restoration of ECA biosynthesis. Region 3 contains two genes (wbrA and wbrB) which are suggested to be involved in the phospholipid modification of capsular materials.	1
Title: Genetic organization of Pasteurella multocida cap Loci and development of a multiplex capsular PCR typing system Abstract: Current serotyping methods classify Pasteurella multocida into five capsular serogroups (serogroups A, B, D, E, and F) and 16 somatic serotypes (serotypes 1 to 16). In the present study, we have developed a multiplex PCR assay as a rapid alternative to the conventional capsular serotyping system. The serogroup-specific primers used in this assay were designed following identification, sequence determination, and analysis of the capsular biosynthetic loci of each capsular serogroup. The entire capsular biosynthetic loci of P. multocida A:1 (X-73) and B:2 (M1404) have been cloned and sequenced previously (J. Y. Chung, Y. M. Zhang, and B. Adler, FEMS Microbiol. Lett. 166:289-296, 1998; J. D. Boyce, J. Y. Chung, and B. Adler, Vet. Microbiol. 72:121-134, 2000). Nucleotide sequence analysis of the biosynthetic region (region 2) from each of the remaining three serogroups, serogroups D, E, and F, identified serogroup-specific regions and gave an indication of the capsular polysaccharide composition. The multiplex capsular PCR assay was highly specific, and its results, with the exception of those for some serogroup F strains, correlated well with conventional serotyping results. Sequence analysis of the strains that gave conflicting results confirmed the validity of the multiplex PCR and indicated that these strains were in fact capsular serogroup A. The multiplex PCR will clarify the distinction between closely related serogroups A and F and constitutes a rapid assay for the definitive classification of P. multocida capsular types.	1
Title: Serotype identification of group B streptococci by PCR and sequencing Abstract: Group B streptococcus (GBS; Streptococcus agalactiae) is the most common cause of neonatal and obstetric sepsis and is an increasingly important cause of septicemia in elderly individuals and immunocompromised patients. Ongoing surveillance to monitor GBS serotype distribution will be needed to guide the development and use of GBS conjugate vaccines. We designed sequencing primers based on the previously published sequences of the capsular polysaccharide (cps) gene clusters to further define partial cps gene clusters for eight of the nine GBS serotypes (serotypes Ia to VII). Subsequently, we designed and evaluated primers to identify serotypes Ia, Ib, III, IV, V, and VI directly by PCR and all eight serotypes (serotypes Ia to VII) by sequence heterogeneity. A total of 206 clinical GBS isolates were used to compare our molecular serotype (MS) identification method with conventional serotyping (CS). All clinical isolates were assigned an MS, whereas 188 of 206 (91.3%) were assigned a serotype by use of antisera. A small number of isolates (serosubtypes III-3 and III-4) showed different serotype specificities between PCR and sequencing, but the PCR results correlated with those obtained by CS. The overall agreement between the MS identification method and CS for isolates for which results of both tests were available was 100% (188 of 188 isolates). The MS identification method is a specific and practical alternative to conventional GBS serotyping and will facilitate epidemiological studies.	1
Title: Transcriptional organization and regulation of the Escherichia coli K30 group 1 capsule biosynthesis (cps) gene cluster Abstract: Escherichia coli group 1 capsules are important virulence determinants, yet little is known about the transcriptional organization or regulation of their biosynthetic (cps) operons. Transcription of the prototype serotype K30 cluster is modulated by the JUMPStart-RfaH antitermination mechanism, with the cps promoter being localized to a region immediately upstream of the JUMPStart sequence. A putative stem-loop structure located within the K30 cps cluster separates conserved genes with products that are required for surface expression of capsule from serotype-specific genes encoding enzymes for polymer repeat-unit synthesis and polymerization. This putative stem-loop structure significantly reduces transcription in a termination-probe vector and may contribute to differential expression of the cps genes. Previous work indicated that increased amounts of group 1 capsular polysaccharide synthesis resulted from the overexpression of the Rcs (regulator of capsule synthesis) proteins. However, neither overexpression of the transcriptional activator RcsB nor an rcsB::aadA chromosomal insertion altered the level of transcription measured by cps::lacZ fusions. In the group 1 strains examined, an RcsAB box was found immediately upstream of galF, a gene involved in the production of sugar nucleotide precursors. Overexpression of RcsB was found to result in a threefold increase in transcription of a galF::lacZ chromosomal fusion. Moreover, overexpression of GalF gave rise to a two- to threefold increase in cell-free as well as cell-associated capsule, without affecting cps::lacZ activity. These results indicate that transcription of the E. coli group 1 capsule cluster itself is not regulated by the Rcs system and may, in fact, be constitutive. However, the Rcs system can potentially influence levels of capsular polysaccharide production by increasing galF transcription and influencing the available pool of biosynthetic precursors.	1
Title: The genetic organisation of the capsule biosynthesis region of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotypes 1, 6, 7, and 12 Abstract: The aim of the present study was to investigate the organisation of the genes (cps) involved in biosynthesis the capsular polysaccharide (CPS) of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotypes 6, 7, and 12 and to compare these to the corresponding genes previously described in other A. pleuropneumoniae serotypes. In serotypes 6 and 7 the sequenced DNA regions comprised five and four open reading frames, respectively, designated cps6ABCDE and cps7ABCD, whereas the sequenced DNA region in serotype 12 comprised only two open reading frames designated cps12AB. At the amino acid level, CpsA, CpsB, and CpsC of A. pleuropneumoniae serotypes 2, 6, 7, and 8 contained a high degree of homology. At the amino acid level Cps6D revealed a high degree of homology to Cps8D, whereas Cps7D contained a high degree of homology to the Cps2D. The deduced gene product of the partially sequenced cps6E gene showed no homology to any deduced gene products of any cps genes of A. pleuropneumoniae investigated so far. None of the deduced gene products of the cps genes involved in encapsulation of A. pleuropneumoniae serotypes 2, 6, 7, and 8 revealed homology to the deduced gene products of the cps genes of serotypes 1, 5A, and 12. For some genes, a local homology was found to genes probably involved in teichoic acid synthesis in other bacteria. The results obtained revealed a high degree of homology among the genes involved in CPS biosynthesis for serotypes 2, 6, 7, and 8 and a different group of homologous cps genes for serotypes 1 and 12. In some serotype 7 strains, including the serotype 7 reference strain, WF83, the cps genes were not located adjacent to the genes responsible for CPS export (cpx), probably due to genetic rearrangements.	1
Title: Analysis of the biosynthesis genes and chemical components of the capsule of Avibacterium paragallinarum Abstract: The aim of this study was to investigate biosynthesis genes and chemical components of the capsule of Avibacterium paragallinarum. The sequence of a 10-kb region containing the capsule biosynthetic locus of Av. paragallinarum was determined. Two reference strains, i.e., 221 (serovar A) and H18 (serovar C), together with four Taiwanese field strains (all serovar C) were sequenced. The results showed that there are two genotypes (I and II) of the capsule biosynthetic locus in Av. paragallinarum, and the capsule genotype is independent of the serovar. The capsule biosynthetic loci of genotypes I and II consisted of six and five genes, respectively. The genotype I genes encoded proteins that are most similar to proteins from Pasteurella multocida capsule types A and F while the genotype II genes encoded proteins most similar to proteins from P. multocida capsule type D and Escherichia coli K5. The results suggested that genotype I strains contain hyaluronan or chondroitin in the capsule wall while genotype II contain heparosan. Enzymatic digestion of the capsule materials extracted from Av. paragallinarum showed that genotype I strains contained chondroitin while genotype II strains contained heparosan in the capsule. This is the first report on the existence of different genotypes of capsule biosynthesis genes in Av. paragallinarum and the presence of chondroitin and heparosan as chemical components of the capsule of Av. paragallinarum.	1
Title: Sequence analysis and molecular characterization of genes required for the biosynthesis of type 1 capsular polysaccharide in Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: We previously cloned a 19.4-kb DNA region containing a cluster of genes affecting type 1 capsule production from Staphylococcus aureus M. Subcloning experiments showed that these capsule (cap) genes are localized in a 14.6-kb region. Sequencing analysis of the 14.6-kb fragment revealed 13 open reading frames (ORFs). Using complementation tests, we have mapped a collection of Cap- mutations in 10 of the 13 ORFs, indicating that these 10 genes are involved in capsule biosynthesis. The requirement for the remaining three ORFs in the synthesis of the capsule was demonstrated by constructing site-specific mutations corresponding to each of the three ORFs. Using an Escherichia coli S30 in vitro transcription-translation system, we clearly identified 7 of the 13 proteins predicted from the ORFs. Homology search between the predicted proteins and those in the data bank showed very high homology (52.3% identity) between capL and vipA, moderate homology (29% identity) between capI and vipB, and limited homology (21.8% identity) between capM and vipC. The vipA, vipB, and vipC genes have been shown to be involved in the biosynthesis of Salmonella typhi Vi antigen, a homopolymer polysaccharide consisting of N-acetylgalactosamino uronic acid, which is also one of the components of the staphylococcal type 1 capsule. The homology between these sets of genes therefore suggests that capL, capI, and capM may be involved in the biosynthesis of amino sugar, N-acetylgalactosamino uronic acid. In addition, the search showed that CapG aligned well with the consensus sequence of a family of acetyltransferases from various prokaryotic organisms, suggesting that CapG may be an acetyltransferase. Using the isogenic Cap- and Cap+ strains constructed in this study, we have confirmed that type 1 capsule is an important virulence factor in a mouse lethality test.	1
Title: Type 1 capsule genes of Staphylococcus aureus are carried in a staphylococcal cassette chromosome genetic element Abstract: The cap1 genes are required for the synthesis of type 1 capsular polysaccharide (CP1) in Staphylococcus aureus. We previously showed that the cap1 locus was associated with a discrete genetic element in S. aureus M. In this report, we defined the boundaries of the cap1 element by comparing its restriction pattern to that of a corresponding region from the CP1-negative strain Becker. The element was located in the SmaI-G chromosomal fragment of the standard mapping strain NCTC8325. The sequences of the entire cap1 element and the flanking regions were determined. We found that there were two additional cap1 genes not previously identified. The cap1 operon was located in a staphylococcal cassette chromosome (SCC) element similar to the resistance island SCCmec recently described for methicillin resistance in S. aureus. Notably, the SCCcap1 element was located at the same insertion site as all the SCCmec elements in the staphylococcal chromosome. The excision of SCCcap1 could be demonstrated only in the presence of the recombinase genes from an SCCmec element, verifying that SCCcap1 is a genuine SCC element but defective in mobilization. A novel enterotoxin gene, whose transcript was detected by Northern blotting, was found next to the SCCcap1 locus. We propose that the enterotoxin gene and SCCcap1 were inserted into this locus at the juxtaposition by independent events. Sequence comparison revealed numerous DNA rearrangements and mutations in SCCcap1 and the left flanking region, suggesting that the SCCcap1 had been inserted at the SCC attC site a long time ago. In addition, most genes in this region were incomplete, with the exception of the 15 cap1 genes, implying that the cap1 genes confer a survival advantage on strain M.	1
Title: Identification and organization of genes for diutan polysaccharide synthesis from Sphingomonas sp. ATCC 53159 Abstract: A cluster of genes for diutan polysaccharide synthesis was isolated from a library of Sphingomonas sp. ATCC 53159 genomic DNA by complementation of glucosyl-isoprenylphosphate transferase-deficient mutants of Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461 (producing gellan) and Xanthomonas campestris (producing xanthan). The synthesis of polysaccharide in these strains shares a common first step, transfer of glucose-1-phosphate from UDP-glucose to the isoprenylphosphate lipid. The cluster of 24 genes was compared to genes for biosynthesis of gellan, and S-88 sphingan from Sphingomonas sp. ATCC 31554. Diutan, gellan and S-88 sphingan have a common four-sugar backbone but different side chains, one rhamnose for S-88 sphingan, a two-rhamnose side chain for diutan and no side chain for gellan. The genes for biosynthesis of diutan, gellan and S-88 sphingan were similar in general organization but differed in location of some genes, in particular, dpsG (putative polymerase), dpsR (putative lyase) and dpsS (putative repeat unit transporter). An unidentified reading frame urf31, present in the gene clusters for diutan and S-88 sphingan but not gellan, had similarity to glycosyl transferase group 2 proteins, and was detrimental when cloned in Sphingomonas elodea producing gellan that lacks a side chain, but not in Sphingomonas ATCC 31554 producing S-88 sphingan with a rhamnose side chain. Gene urf31 could possibly encode a side-chain rhamnosyl transferase. Another gene urf31.4 was unique to the diutan gene cluster. A plasmid containing 20 of the 24 genes resulted in a slight increase in the amount of diutan produced, but a significant increase in the rheological properties of diutan.	1
Title: Genes involved in the synthesis of the exopolysaccharide methanolan by the obligate methylotroph Methylobacillus sp strain 12S Abstract: Methylobacillus sp. strain 12S produces an exopolysaccharide (EPS), methanolan, composed of glucose, mannose and galactose. Twenty-four ORFs flanking a Tn5 insertion site in an EPS-deficient mutant were identified, and 21 genes (epsCBAKLDEFGHIJMNOPQRSTU) were predicted to participate in methanolan synthesis on the basis of the features of the primary sequence. Gene disruption analyses revealed that epsABCEFGIJNOP and epsR are required for methanolan synthesis, whereas epsKD and epsH are not essential. EpsFG and EpsE showed homology with Wzc (chain length regulator) and Wza (export protein) of group 1 capsule-producing Escherichia coli, suggesting that methanolan was synthesized via a Wzy-like biosynthesis system. This possibility was supported by the fact that the putative hydropathy profiles of EpsH and EpsM were similar to those of Wzx and Wzy, which are also involved in the flipping of the repeating unit in the cytoplasmic membrane and the polymerization of the capsule in the Wzy-dependent system. EpsBJNOP and EpsR are probably glycosyltransferases involved in the synthesis of the repeating unit onto the lipid carrier. In particular, EpsB appeared to catalyse the initial transfer of the glucose moiety. On the basis of their predicted location in the cells, it is proposed that EpsI and EpsL are involved in methanolan export to the cell surface. E. coli strains expressing EpsQ, EpsS and EpsT showed enhanced activities of GDP-mannose pyrophosphorylase, UDP-galactose 4-epimerase and UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase, respectively, revealing that they were responsible for the production of the activated compositional sugars of methanolan. EpsU contains a conserved a lytic transglycosylase motif, indicating that it could participate in the degradation of polysaccharides. EpsA and EpsK, which have conserved DNA-binding and cAMP-binding motifs, respectively, were deduced to be transcriptional regulators. In particular, EpsA seems to positively regulate the transcription of methanolan synthesis genes, since the constitutive expression of epsA in strain 12S increased the EPS production. Interestingly, EpsD showed homology with peptidyl prolyl cis-trans isomerases that catalyse the folding of proteins following translocation across the cytoplasmic membrane.	1
Title: Identification and molecular characterization of the chromosomal exopolysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster from Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris SMQ-461 Abstract: The exopolysaccharide (EPS) capsule-forming strain SMQ-461 of Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris, isolated from raw milk, produces EPS with an apparent molecular mass of >1.6 x 10(6) Da. The EPS biosynthetic genes are located on the chromosome in a 13.2-kb region consisting of 15 open reading frames. This region is flanked by three IS1077-related tnp genes (L. lactis) at the 5' end and orfY, along with an IS981-related tnp gene, at the 3' end. The eps genes are organized in specific regions involved in regulation, chain length determination, biosynthesis of the repeat unit, polymerization, and export. Three (epsGIK) of the six predicted glycosyltransferase gene products showed low amino acid similarity with known glycosyltransferases. The structure of the repeat unit could thus be different from those known to date for Lactococcus. Reverse transcription-PCR analysis revealed that the eps locus is transcribed as a single mRNA. The function of the eps gene cluster was confirmed by disrupting the priming glycosyltransferase gene (epsD) in Lactococcus cremoris SMQ-461, generating non-EPS-producing reversible mutants. This is the first report of a chromosomal location for EPS genetic elements in Lactococcus cremoris, with novel glycosyltransferases not encountered before in lactic acid bacteria.	1
Title: Similarity and differences in the Lactobacillus acidophilus group identified by polyphasic analysis and comparative genomics Abstract: A set of lactobacilli were investigated by polyphasic analysis. Multilocus sequence analysis, DNA typing, microarray analysis, and in silico whole-genome alignments provided a remarkably consistent pattern of similarity within the Lactobacillus acidophilus complex. On microarray analysis, 17 and 5% of the genes from Lactobacillus johnsonii strain NCC533 represented variable and strain-specific genes, respectively, when tested against four independent isolates of L. johnsonii. When projected on the NCC533 genome map, about 10 large clusters of variable genes were identified, and they were enriched around the terminus of replication. A quarter of the variable genes and two-thirds of the strain-specific genes were associated with mobile DNA. Signatures for horizontal gene transfer and modular evolution were found in prophages and in DNA from the exopolysaccharide biosynthesis cluster. On microarray hybridizations, Lactobacillus gasseri strains showed a shift to significantly lower fluorescence intensities than the L. johnsonii test strains, and only genes encoding very conserved cellular functions from L. acidophilus hybridized to the L. johnsonii array. In-silico comparative genomics showed extensive protein sequence similarity and genome synteny of L. johnsonii with L. gasseri, L. acidophilus, and Lactobacillus delbrueckii; moderate synteny with Lactobacillus casei; and scattered X-type sharing of protein sequence identity with the other sequenced lactobacilli. The observation of a stepwise decrease in similarity between the members of the L. acidophilus group suggests a strong element of vertical evolution in a natural phylogenetic group. Modern whole-genome-based techniques are thus a useful adjunct to the clarification of taxonomical relationships in problematic bacterial groups.	1
Title: Organization of genes required for gellan polysaccharide biosynthesis in Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461 Abstract: Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461 produces gellan, a capsular polysaccharide that is useful as a gelling agent for food and microbiological media. Complementation of nonmucoid S. elodea mutants with a gene library resulted in identification of genes essential for gellan biosynthesis. A cluster of 18 genes spanning 21 kb was isolated. These 18 genes are homologous to genes for synthesis of sphingan polysaccharide S-88 from Sphingomonas sp. ATCC 31554, with predicted amino acid identities varying from 61% to 98%. Both polysaccharides have the same tetrasaccharide repeat unit, comprised of [-->4)-alpha- l-rhamnose-(1-->3)-beta- d-glucose-(1-->4)-beta- d-glucuronic acid-(1-->4)-beta- d-glucose-(1-->]. Polysaccharide S-88, however, has mannose or rhamnose in the fourth position and has a rhamnosyl side chain, while gellan has no sugar side chain but is modified by glyceryl and acetyl substituents. Genes for synthesis of the precursor dTDP- l-rhamnose were highly conserved. The least conserved genes in this cluster encode putative glycosyl transferases III and IV and a gene of unknown function, gelF. Three genes ( gelI, gelM, and gelN) affected the amount and rheology of gellan produced. Four additional genes present in the S-88 sphingan biosynthetic gene cluster did not have homologs in the gene cluster for gellan biosynthesis. Three of these gene homologs, gelR, gelS, and gelG, were found in an operon unlinked to the main gellan biosynthetic gene cluster. In a third region, a gene possibly involved in positive regulation of gellan biosynthesis was identified.	1
Title: The gellan gum biosynthetic genes gelC and gelE encode two separate polypeptides homologous to the activator and the kinase domains of tyrosine autokinases Abstract: The high-molecular-weight exopolysaccharide gellan is an important commercial gelling agent produced in high yield by the Gram-negative bacterium Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461. The cluster of genes required for gellan biosynthesis contains the genes gelC and gelE. These encode for two polypeptides homologous to the activator domain and the kinase domain, respectively, of bacterial autophosphorylating tyrosine kinases involved in polysaccharide chain length determination. The GelC/GelE pair is an exception to the biochemically characterized Gram-negative tyrosine autokinases since it consists of two polypeptides instead of a single one. The deletion of gelC or gelE resulted in the abolishment of gellan in the culture medium confirming their role in gellan biosynthesis. In addition, ATP-binding assays confirmed the predicted ATP-binding ability of GelE. Interestingly, GelE contains an unusual Walker A sequence (ASTGVGCS), where the invariant lysine is replaced by a cysteine. This residue was replaced by alanine or lysine and although both mutant proteins were able to restore gellan production by complementation of the gelE deletion mutant to the production level observed with native GelE, only the mutated GelE where the cysteine was replaced by alanine was demonstrated to bind ATP in vitro. The importance of specific tyrosine residues present in the C-terminal domain of GelE in gellan assembly was also determined. The tyrosine residue at position 198 appears to be essential for the synthesis of high-molecular-weight gellan, although other tyrosine residues may additionally contribute to GelE biological function.	1
Title: Proteins encoded by Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461 rmlA and ugpG genes, involved in gellan gum biosynthesis, exhibit both dTDP- and UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase activities Abstract: The commercial gelling agent gellan is a heteropolysaccharide produced by Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461. In this work, we carried out the biochemical characterization of the enzyme encoded by the first gene (rmlA) of the rml 4-gene cluster present in the 18-gene cluster required for gellan biosynthesis (gel cluster). Based on sequence homology, the putative rml operon is presumably involved in the biosynthesis of dTDP-rhamnose, the sugar necessary for the incorporation of rhamnose in the gellan repeating unit. Heterologous RmlA was purified as a fused His6-RmlA protein from extracts prepared from Escherichia coli IPTG (isopropyl-beta-D-thiogalactopyranoside)-induced cells, and the protein was proven to exhibit dTDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase (Km of 12.0 microM for dTDP-glucose) and UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase (Km of 229.0 microM for UDP-glucose) activities in vitro. The N-terminal region of RmlA exhibits the motif G-X-G-T-R-X2-P-X-T, which is highly conserved among bacterial XDP-sugar pyrophosphorylases. The motif E-E-K-P, with the conserved lysine residue (K163) predicted to be essential for glucose-1-phosphate binding, was observed. The S. elodea ATCC 31461 UgpG protein, encoded by the ugpG gene which maps outside the gel cluster, was previously identified as the UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase involved in the formation of UDP-glucose, also required for gellan synthesis. In this study, we demonstrate that UgpG also exhibits dTDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase activity in vitro and compare the kinetic parameters of the two proteins for both substrates. DNA sequencing of ugpG gene-adjacent regions and sequence similarity studies suggest that this gene maps with others involved in the formation of sugar nucleotides presumably required for the biosynthesis of another cell polysaccharide(s).	1
Title: Biochemical characterization of the beta-1,4-glucuronosyltransferase GelK in the gellan gum-producing strain Sphingomonas paucimobilis A.T.C.C. 31461 Abstract: Biosynthesis of bacterial polysaccharide-repeat units proceeds by sequential transfer of sugars, from the appropriate sugar donor to an activated lipid carrier, by committed glycosyltransferases (GTs). Few studies on the mechanism of action for this type of GT are available. Sphingomonas paucimobilis A.T.C.C. 31461 produces the industrially important polysaccharide gellan gum. We have cloned the gelK gene from S. paucimobilis A.T.C.C. 31461. GelK belongs to family 1 of the GT classification [Campbell, Davies, Bulone, Henrissat (1997) Biochem. J. 326, 929-939]. Sequence similarity studies suggest that GelK consists of two protein modules corresponding to the -NH(2) and -CO(2)H halves, the latter possibly harbouring the GT activity. The gelK gene and the open reading frames coding for the -NH(2) (GelK(NH2)) and -CO(2)H (GelK(COOH)) halves were overexpressed in Escherichia coli. GelK and GelK(NH2) were present in both the soluble and membrane fractions of E. coli, whereas GelK(COOH) was only present in the soluble fraction. GelK catalysed the transfer of [(14)C]glucuronic acid from UDP-[(14)C]glucuronic acid into a glycolipid extracted from S. paucimobilis or E. coli, even in the presence of EDTA, and the radioactive sugar was released from the glycolipid by beta-1,4-glucuronidase. GelK was not able to use synthetic glucosyl derivatives as acceptors, indicating that the PP(i)-lipid moiety is needed for enzymic activity. Recombinant GelK(NH2) and GelK(COOH) did not show detectable activity. Based on the biochemical characteristics of GelK and on sequence similarities with N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase, we propose that GT families 1 and 28 form a superfamily.	1
Title: Characterization of genetic differences between Mycobacterium avium subsp. avium strains of diverse virulence with a focus on the glycopeptidolipid biosynthesis cluster Abstract: The Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) encompasses important pathogens in both animals and humans, yet little information is available on the factors required for MAC virulence. An animal isolate, M. avium strain 724 was found to be considerably more virulent in Balb/c mice than a human isolate, M. avium strain A5. To identify the genetic basis of this difference subtractive hybridization was applied, which resulted in the isolation of six DNA fragments unique to strain 724. BLAST searches showed that three sequences belonged to a large gene cluster responsible for biosynthesis of M. avium glycopeptidolipids (GPLs). To reveal the nature of variation between strains in the GPL cluster 27.5kb of a clone containing the A5 serotype-specific GPL (ssGPL) cluster was isolated, sequenced and compared to the corresponding region in other M. avium strains. The ssGPL cluster was highly conserved in the 5' region between all strains and serotypes tested; the 3' region reflects extensive divergence among serotypes including whole gene deletions and insertions of sequences containing open reading frames but lacking identity to any known genes.	1
Title: Bidirectional transcription of lipooligosaccharide synthesis genes from Campylobacter jejuni Abstract: The lipooligosaccharide (LOS) molecules of Campylobacter jejuni are involved in virulence and induction of the Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS). This study analysed the transcription of the LOS synthesis genes from the GBS-inducing C. jejuni strain HB 93-13 under microaerobic conditions. Fourteen consecutive genes Cj1132c, waaC, htrB, wlaNC, wlaND, cgtA, cgtB, cstII, neuB, neuC, neuA, wlaVA, wlaQA, and waaF were included. The results of rapid amplification of cDNA ends and single-stranded ligation of complementary ends showed initiation sites with potential promoter regions on both DNA strands in the Cj1132c/waaC, cgtB/cstII, and wlaQA/waaF strand-switch regions. Other termini without recognisable promoter region were also found throughout the LOS gene cluster, suggesting a low specificity of the polymerase during transcription. In addition, all gene junction regions were cloned into the shuttle vector pMW10 carrying the promoterless lacZ gene to identify functional promoter sites. Bidirectional active promoters were found in the strand-switch regions. The results of RT-PCR and cDNA blotting indicated that transcriptional linkage occurred between different operons, indicating a lack of transcription termination within the LOS gene cluster. Moreover, the results of semi-quantitative RT-PCR and real-time RT-PCR showed that both DNA strands were transcribed but transcription of the coding strand was at a higher rate. The results presented here provide an insight into transcription of the LOS synthesis gene cluster of C. jejuni.	1
Title: Expression of the htrB gene is essential for responsiveness of Salmonella typhimurium and Campylobacter jejuni to harsh environments Abstract: In Campylobacter jejuni, an htrB homologous gene is located in the lipo-oligosaccharide synthesis gene cluster. This study examined the effects of htrB expression on the responsiveness of Salmonella typhimurium and C. jejuni to harsh environments. Complementation experiments showed that the C. jejuni htrB gene could restore the normal morphology of the Salmonella htrB mutant, and its ability to grow without inhibition under heat, acid and osmotic stresses, but not bile stress. This indicated that the htrB genes in C. jejuni and S. typhimurium exhibit similar pleiotropic effects. Moreover, quantitative real-time RT-PCR showed that expression of the C. jejuni htrB gene was upregulated under acid, heat, oxidative and osmotic stresses, but did not change under bile stress. This indicated that the C. jejuni htrB gene plays a role in regulating cell responses to various environmental changes. Furthermore, deletion mutation of the htrB gene in C. jejuni was lethal, indicating that the htrB gene is essential for C. jejuni survival. Therefore, these results showed that expression of the htrB gene is essential for the response of S. typhimurium and C. jejuni to environmental stresses.	1
Title: Identification of the perosamine synthetase gene of Brucella melitensis 16M and involvement of lipopolysaccharide O side chain in Brucella survival in mice and in macrophages Abstract: Brucella organisms are facultative intracellular bacteria that may infect many species of animals as well as humans. The smooth lipopolysaccharide (S-LPS) has been reported to be an important virulence factor of these organisms, but the genetic basis of expression of the S-LPS O antigen has not yet been described. Likewise, the role of the O side chain of S-LPS in the survival of Brucella has not been clearly defined. A mini-Tn5 transposon mutant library of Brucella melitensis 16M was screened by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) with monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) directed against the O side chain of Brucella. One mutant, designated B3B2, failed to express any O side chain as confirmed by ELISA, Western blot analysis, and colony coloration with crystal violet. Nucleotide sequence analysis demonstrated that the transposon disrupted an open reading frame with significant homology to the putative perosamine synthetase genes of Vibrio cholerae O1 and Escherichia coli O157:H7. The low G+C content of this DNA region suggests that this gene may have originated from a species other than a Brucella sp. The survival of B. melitensis mutant strain B3B2 in the mouse model and in bovine macrophages was examined. The results suggested that S-LPS or, more precisely, its O side chain is essential for survival in mice but not in macrophages.	1
Title: Identification, expression, and DNA sequence of the GDP-mannose biosynthesis genes encoded by the O7 rfb gene cluster of strain VW187 (Escherichia coli O7:K1) Abstract: The O7-specific lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in strains of Escherichia coli consists of a repeating unit made of galactose, mannose, rhamnose, 4-acetamido-2,6-dideoxyglucose, and N-acetylglucosamine. We have recently cloned and characterized genetically the O7-specific LPS biosynthesis region (rfbEcO7) of the E. coli O7:K1 strain VW187 (C. L. Marolda, J. Welsh, L. Dafoe, and M. A. Valvano, J. Bacteriol. 172:3590-3599, 1990). In this study, we localized the gnd gene encoding gluconate-6-phosphate dehydrogenase at one end of the rfbEcO7 gene cluster and sequenced that end of the cluster. Three open reading frames (ORF) encoding polypeptides of 275, 464, and 453 amino acids were identified upstream of gndEcO7, all transcribed toward the gnd gene. ORF275 had 45% similarity at the protein level with ORF16.5, which occupies a similar position in the Salmonella enterica LT2 rfb region, and presumably encodes a nucleotide sugar transferase. The polypeptides encoded by ORFs 464 and 453 were expressed under the control of the ptac promoter and visualized in Coomassie blue-stained sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gels and by maxicell analysis. ORF464 expressed GDP-mannose pyrophosphorylase and ORF453 encoded a phosphomannomutase, the enzymes for the biosynthesis pathway of GDP-mannose, one of the nucleotide sugar precursors for the formation of the O7 repeating unit. They were designated rfbMEcO7 and rfbKEcO7, respectively. The RfbMEcO7 polypeptide was homologous to the corresponding protein in S. enterica LT2, XanB of Xanthomonas campestris, and AlgA of Pseudomonas aeruginosa, all GDP-mannose pyrophosphorylases. RfbKEcO7 was very similar to CpsG of S. enterica LT2, an enzyme presumably involved in the biosynthesis of the capsular polysaccharide colanic acid, but quite different from the corresponding RfbK protein of S. enterica LT2.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of the dTDP-rhamnose biosynthesis region of the Escherichia coli VW187 (O7:K1) rfb gene cluster: identification of functional homologs of rfbB and rfbA in the rff cluster and correct location of the rffE gene Abstract: The O-repeating unit of the Escherichia coli O7-specific lipopolysaccharide is made of galactose, mannose, rhamnose, 4-acetamido-4,6-dideoxyglucose, and N-acetyglucosamine. We have recently characterized the genes involved in the biosynthesis of the sugar precursor GDP-mannose occurring in the E. coli O7:K1 strain VW187 (C. L. Marolda and M. A. Valvano, J. Bacteriol. 175:148-158, 1993). In the present study, we identified and sequenced the rfbBDAC genes encoding the enzymes for the biosynthesis of another precursor, dTDP-rhamnose. These genes are localized on the upstream end of the rfbEcO7 region, and they are strongly conserved compared with similar genes found in various enteric and nonenteric bacteria. Upstream of rfbB we identified a DNA segment containing the rfb promoter and a highly conserved untranslated leader sequence also present in the promoter regions of other surface polysaccharide gene clusters. Also, we have determined that rfbB and rfbA have homologs, rffG (o355) and rffH (o292), respectively, located on the rff cluster, which is involved in the synthesis of enterobacterial common antigen. We provide biochemical evidence that rffG and rffH encode dTDP-glucose dehydratase and glucose-1-phosphate thymidylyltransferase activities, respectively, and we also show that rffG complemented the rfbB defect in the O7+ cosmid pJHCV32. We also demonstrate that rffG is distinct from rffE and map the rffE gene to the second gene of the rff cluster.	1
Title: The GalF protein of Escherichia coli is not a UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase but interacts with the GalU protein possibly to regulate cellular levels of UDP-glucose Abstract: We report the functional characterization of the galF gene of strain VW187 (Escherichia coli O7:K1), which encodes a polypeptide displaying structural features common to bacterial UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylases, including the E. coli GalU protein. These enzymes catalyse a reversible reaction converting UTP and glucose-1-phosphate into UDP-glucose and PPi. We show that, although the GalF protein is expressed in vivo, GalF-expressing plasmids cannot complement the phenotype of a galU mutant and extracts from this mutant which only produces GalF are enzymatically inactive. In contrast, the presence of GalU and GalF proteins in the same cell-free extract caused a significant reduction in the rate of pyrophosphorolysis (conversion of UDP-glucose into glucose-1-phosphate) but no significant effect on the kinetics of synthesis of UDP-glucose. The presence of GalF also increased the thermal stability of the enzyme in vitro. The effect of GalF in the biochemical properties of the UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase required the co-synthesis of GalF and GalU, suggesting that they could interact as components of the oligomeric enzyme. The physical interaction of GalU and GalF was demonstrated in vivo by the co-expression of both proteins as fusion products using a yeast two-hybrid system. Furthermore, using a pair of galF-/galU+ and galF/galU+ isogenic strains, we demonstrated that the presence of GalF is associated with an increased concentration of intracellular UDP-glucose as well as with an enhancement of the thermal stability of the UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase in vivo. We propose that GalF is a non-catalytic subunit of the UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase modulating the enzyme activity to increase the formation of UDP-glucose, and this function is important for bacterial adaptation to conditions of stress.	1
Title: Promoter region of the Escherichia coli O7-specific lipopolysaccharide gene cluster: structural and functional characterization of an upstream untranslated mRNA sequence Abstract: We report the identification of the promoter region of the Escherichia coli O7-specific lipopolysaccharide (LPS) gene cluster (wbEcO7). Typical -10 and -35 sequences were found to be located in the intervening region between galF and rlmB, the first gene of the wbEcO7 cluster. Data from RNase protection experiments revealed the existence of an untranslated leader mRNA segment of 173 bp, including the JUMPStart and two ops sequences. We characterized the structure of this leader mRNA by using the program Mfold and a combination of nested and internal deletions transcriptionally fused to a promoterless lac operon. Our results indicated that the leader mRNA may fold into a series of complex stem-loop structures, one of which includes the JUMPStart element. We have also found that one of the ops sequences resides on the predicted stem and the other resides on the loop region, and we confirmed that these sequences are essential for the RfaH-mediated regulation of the O polysaccharide cluster. A very similar stem-loop structure could be predicted in the promoter region of the LPS core operon encoding the waaQGPSBIJYZK genes. We observed another predicted stem-loop, located immediately downstream from the wbEcO7 transcription initiation site, which appeared to be involved in premature termination of transcription. This putative stem-loop is common to many other O polysaccharide gene clusters but is not present in core oligosaccharide genes. wbEcO7-lac transcriptional fusions in single copy numbers were also used to determine the effects of various environmental cues in the transcriptional regulation of O polysaccharide synthesis. No effects were detected with temperature, osmolarity, Mg2+ concentration, and drugs inducing changes in DNA supercoiling. We therefore conclude that the wbEcO7 promoter activity may be constitutive and that regulation takes place at the level of elongation of the mRNA in a RfaH-mediated manner.	1
Title: Genetic organization of the O7-specific lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis cluster of Escherichia coli VW187 (O7:K1) Abstract: In previous studies the authors cloned and characterized the DNA sequence of the regions at both ends of the O7-specific lipopolysaccharide (LPS) biosynthesis cluster of Escherichia coli VW187 (O7:K1), and identified the biosynthetic genes for dTDP-rhamnose and GDP-mannose, as well as one of the candidate glycosyltransferases. In this work the complete DNA sequence of a 6.9 kb intervening region is presented. Seven new ORFs were identified. All the functions required for the synthesis and transfer of the O7 LPS were assigned on the basis of complementation experiments of transposon insertion mutants, and amino acid sequence homology to proteins involved in LPS synthesis of other bacteria. Of the seven ORFs, two encoded membrane proteins that were homologous to the O-antigen translocase (Wzx) and polymerase (Wxy), two were involved in the biosynthesis of dTDP-N-acetylviosamine, and the remaining three showed homologies to sugar transferases. The O antigen chain length regulator gene wzz was also identified in the vicinity of the O7 polysaccharide cluster. O7-specific DNA primers were designed and tested for serotyping of O7 E. coli strains.	1
Title: The genome of Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris B100 and its use for the reconstruction of metabolic pathways involved in xanthan biosynthesis Abstract: The complete genome sequence of the Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris strain B100 was established. It consisted of a chromosome of 5,079,003bp, with 4471 protein-coding genes and 62 RNA genes. Comparative genomics showed that the genes required for the synthesis of xanthan and xanthan precursors were highly conserved among three sequenced X. campestris pv. campestris genomes, but differed noticeably when compared to the remaining four Xanthomonas genomes available. For the xanthan biosynthesis genes gumB and gumK earlier translational starts were proposed, while gumI and gumL turned out to be unique with no homologues beyond the Xanthomonas genomes sequenced. From the genomic data the biosynthesis pathways for the production of the exopolysaccharide xanthan could be elucidated. The first step of this process is the uptake of sugars serving as carbon and energy sources wherefore genes for 15 carbohydrate import systems could be identified. Metabolic pathways playing a role for xanthan biosynthesis could be deduced from the annotated genome. These reconstructed pathways concerned the storage and metabolization of the imported sugars. The recognized sugar utilization pathways included the Entner-Doudoroff and the pentose phosphate pathway as well as the Embden-Meyerhof pathway (glycolysis). The reconstruction indicated that the nucleotide sugar precursors for xanthan can be converted from intermediates of the pentose phosphate pathway, some of which are also intermediates of glycolysis or the Entner-Doudoroff pathway. Xanthan biosynthesis requires in particular the nucleotide sugars UDP-glucose, UDP-glucuronate, and GDP-mannose, from which xanthan repeat units are built under the control of the gum genes. The updated genome annotation data allowed reconsidering and refining the mechanistic model for xanthan biosynthesis.	1
Title: Lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis in Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris: a cluster of 15 genes is involved in the biosynthesis of the LPS O-antigen and the LPS core Abstract: As a result of mutational and DNA sequence analysis, a wxc gene cluster involved in the synthesis of the surface lipopolysaccharide (LPS) was identified in Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris. This gene cluster comprises 15 genes. It was located on a cloned 35-kb fragment of chromosomal DNA, close, but not directly adjacent, to previously characterized genes for LPS biosynthesis. The G + C content of all but one of the wxc genes was atypically low for X. campestris pv. campestris, while the G + C distribution was uniform throughout the cluster. An SDS-PAGE analysis of mutant strains defective in various wxc genes confirmed that genes from this cluster were involved in LPS biosynthesis. The mutant phenotypes allowed the differentiation of three regions within the wxc cluster. Genes from wxc region 1 are necessary for the biosynthesis of the water-soluble LPS O-antigen. Analysis of DNA and deduced amino acid sequences led to the identification of two glycosyltransferases, two components of an ABC transport system, and a possible kinase among the seven putative proteins encoded by genes constituting wxc region 1. The two genes in wxc region 2 were similar to gmd and rmd, which direct the synthesis of the sugar nucleotide GDP-D-rhamnose. Mutations affecting wxc region 2 demonstrated its involvement in the formation of the LPS core. Genes from wxc region 3 showed similarities to genes that code for enzymes that modify nucleotide sugars, and to components of sugar translocation systems that have so far been rarely described in bacteria.	1
Title: A 3.9-kb DNA region of Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris that is necessary for lipopolysaccharide production encodes a set of enzymes involved in the synthesis of dTDP-rhamnose Abstract: By mutational analysis it was found that a 3.9-kb SmaI-XhoII DNA fragment of Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris is involved in lipopolysaccharide (LPS) biosynthesis. LPS samples isolated from different mutants carrying mutations in the 3.9-kb SmaI-XhoII DNA fragment exhibited banding patterns in silver-stained sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gels markedly different from that of the wild-type LPS. Moreover, comparison of the monosaccharide composition obtained by high-performance anion-exchange chromatography with pulsed amperometric detection of LPS purified from wild-type Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris B100 and from mutants with mutations in the 3.9-kb SmaI-XhoII DNA fragment revealed a lack of rhamnose moieties in the mutant LPS. Sequence analysis of this DNA fragment revealed four open reading frames (ORFs), designated ORF302, ORF183, ORF295, and ORF351. The deduced amino acid sequences of these ORFs showed a high degree of homology to the deduced amino acid sequences of the rfbC, rfbD, rfbA, and rfbB genes of Salmonella typhimurium LT2, which have been shown to encode a set of enzymes responsible for conversion of glucose 1-phosphate to dTDP-rhamnose.	1
Title: Genetics of xanthan production in Xanthomonas campestris: the xanA and xanB genes are involved in UDP-glucose and GDP-mannose biosynthesis Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of a 3.4-kb EcoRI-PstI DNA fragment of Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris revealed two open reading frames, which were designated xanA and xanB. The genes xanA and xanB encode proteins of 448 amino acids (molecular weight of 48,919) and 466 amino acids (molecular weight of 50,873), respectively. These genes were identified by analyzing insertion mutants which were known to be involved in xanthan production. Specific tests for the activities of enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of UDP-glucose and GDP-mannose indicated that the xanA gene product was involved in the biosynthesis of both glucose 1-phosphate and mannose 1-phosphate. The deduced amino acid sequence of xanB showed a significant degree of homology (59%) to the phosphomannose isomerase of Pseudomonas aeruginosa, a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of alginate. Moreover, biochemical analysis and complementation experiments with the Escherichia coli manA fragment revealed that xanB encoded a bifunctional enzyme, phosphomannose isomerase-GDP-mannose pyrophosphorylase.	1
Title: Cloning and functional characterization of a 30 kb gene locus required for lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis in Legionella pneumophila Abstract: The spontaneous Legionella pneumophila lipopolysaccharide (LPS) mutant 137, which did not bind the LPS-specific mAb 2625, was complemented with a genomic library from the parental wild-type strain. Transformants were screened for reconstitution of the wild-type LPS phenotype, able to bind mAb 2625. By this strategy, a 32,661 bp region comprising 30 open reading frames (Orfs) was identified. Orfs with significant homologies to genes encoding enzymes required for LPS or capsule biosynthesis of Gram-negative bacteria were located on the gene locus. The mutation of strain 137 could be assigned to a deletion of a cytosine residue in Orf 8. The protein encoded by Orf 8 exhibited homology to bacterial methyl-transferases. The L. pneumophila LPS gene locus included genes with deduced products likely to be involved in LPS core oligosaccharide biosynthesis (rmlA-D, rhamnosyl-transferases, acetyl-transferase) as well as LPS O-chain biosynthesis and translocation (mnaA, neuB, neuA, wecA, wzt, wzm). The neuA (Orf 25) and neuB (Orf 24) gene products were functionally characterized by complementation of the capsule negative E. coli K1 mutants EV5 and EV24, respectively. By introduction of the L. pneumophila neuA gene into E. coli EV5 and the neuB gene into EV24, expression of the K1 polysialic acid capsule could be restored. We, therefore, conclude that the biosynthesis pathway of legionaminic acid, the structural unit of the L. pneumophila Sg1 O-antigen, might be similar to the biosynthesis of sialic acid. Southern blot analysis indicated the entire gene locus to be present in L. pneumophila serogroup (Sg)1 strains, whereas only parts of the DNA stretch hybridized to DNA from Sg2 to Sg14 strains.	1
Title: A single nucleotide exchange in the wzy gene is responsible for the semirough O6 lipopolysaccharide phenotype and serum sensitivity of Escherichia coli strain Nissle 1917 Abstract: Structural analysis of lipopolysaccharide (LPS) isolated from semirough, serum-sensitive Escherichia coli strain Nissle 1917 (DSM 6601, serotype O6:K5:H1) revealed that this strain's LPS contains a bisphosphorylated hexaacyl lipid A and a tetradecasaccharide consisting of one E. coli O6 antigen repeating unit attached to the R1-type core. Configuration of the GlcNAc glycosidic linkage between O-antigen oligosaccharide and core (beta) differs from that interlinking the repeating units in the E. coli O6 antigen polysaccharide (alpha). The wa(*) and wb(*) gene clusters of strain Nissle 1917, required for LPS core and O6 repeating unit biosyntheses, were subcloned and sequenced. The DNA sequence of the wa(*) determinant (11.8 kb) shows 97% identity to other R1 core type-specific wa(*) gene clusters. The DNA sequence of the wb(*) gene cluster (11 kb) exhibits no homology to known DNA sequences except manC and manB. Comparison of the genetic structures of the wb(*)(O6) (wb(*) from serotype O6) determinants of strain Nissle 1917 and of smooth and serum-resistant uropathogenic E. coli O6 strain 536 demonstrated that the putative open reading frame encoding the O-antigen polymerase Wzy of strain Nissle 1917 was truncated due to a point mutation. Complementation with a functional wzy copy of E. coli strain 536 confirmed that the semirough phenotype of strain Nissle 1917 is due to the nonfunctional wzy gene. Expression of a functional wzy gene in E. coli strain Nissle 1917 increased its ability to withstand antibacterial defense mechanisms of blood serum. These results underline the importance of LPS for serum resistance or sensitivity of E. coli.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of three Aeromonas hydrophila AH-3 (serotype O34) lipopolysaccharide core biosynthesis gene clusters Abstract: By the isolation of three different Aeromonas hydrophila strain AH-3 (serotype O34) mutants with an altered lipopolysaccharide (LPS) migration in gels, three genomic regions encompassing LPS core biosynthesis genes were identified and characterized. When possible, mutants were constructed using each gene from the three regions, containing seven, four, and two genes (regions 1 to 3, respectively). The mutant LPS core structures were elucidated by using mass spectrometry, methylation analysis, and comparison with the full core structure of an O-antigen-lacking AH-3 mutant previously established by us. Combining the gene sequence and complementation test data with the structural data and phenotypic characterization of the mutant LPSs enabled a presumptive assignment of all LPS core biosynthesis gene functions in A. hydrophila AH-3. The three regions and the genes contained are in complete agreement with the recently sequenced genome of A. hydrophila ATCC 7966. The functions of the A. hydrophila genes waaC in region 3 and waaF in region 2 were completely established, allowing the genome annotations of the two heptosyl transferase products not previously assigned. Having the functions of all genes involved with the LPS core biosynthesis and most corresponding single-gene mutants now allows experimental work on the role of the LPS core in the virulence of A. hydrophila.	1
Title: Genetic analyses of the putative O and K antigen gene clusters of pandemic Vibrio parahaemolyticus Abstract: Pandemic V. parahaemolyticus strains have rapidly changed their serotypes, but its determinants, especially K antigen, and the genes involved in serotype have been an open question. The purpose of this study was to gain insights into these points. Although V. parahaemolyticus is known to be lacking O-side chain on its lipopolysaccharide, and O antigens are thought to be represented by core OS, the genome sequence of V. parahaemolyticus O3:K6 strain RIMD2210633 suggests that this bacterium potentially synthesizes O-side chain. To explore possible relatedness between this O-side chain biosynthesis gene cluster, which is similar in the serotypes of Vibrio cholerae, and of V. parahaemolyticus, we amplified both core OS and O-side chain gene clusters of the strains belonging to various serotypes of V. parahaemolyticus by long PCR and performed PCR RFLP analyses. The results of our RFLP analyses suggest that the core OS biosynthesis gene cluster is related to the O antigens of pandemic V. parahaemolyticus and that the putative O-side chain gene cluster is related to K antigens of pandemic V. parahaemolyticus. We then determined the sequence of these regions of a pandemic O4:K68 strain, and compared it with the corresponding sequence of RIMD2210633. In addition, PCR analysis showed the putative O4 and K68 antigen gene clusters are unique to the strains belonging to the O4 and K68 serotype respectively. The data implies that the pandemic O4:K68 V. parahaemolyticus strain emerged from the pandemic O3:K6 strain by replacement of the putative O and K antigen gene clusters.	1
Title: Functional analysis of genes responsible for the synthesis of the B-band O antigen of Pseudomonas aeruginosa serotype O6 lipopolysaccharide Abstract: This study reports the organization of the wbp gene cluster and characterization of a number of genes that are essential for B-band O antigen biosynthesis in the clinically prevalent Pseudomonas aeruginosa serotype 06. Twelve genes were identified that share homology with other LPS and polysaccharide biosynthetic genes. This cluster contains homologues of wzx (encoding the O antigen flippase/translocase) and wzz (which modulates O antigen chain length distribution) genes, typical of a wzy-dependent pathway. However, a complete wzy gene (encoding the O-polymerase) was not found within the cluster. Four biosynthetic genes, wbpO, wbpP, wbpV and wbpM, and four putative glycosyltransferase genes, wbpR, wbpT, wbpU and wbpL, were identified in the cluster. To characterize their roles in LPS biosynthesis, null mutants of wbpO, wbpP, wbpV, wbpL and wbpM were generated using a gene-replacement strategy. Mutations in each of these genes caused deficiency in B-band synthesis. The wbpL mutant was deficient in both A-band and B-band LPS. WbpL(O6) is a bi-functional enzyme which could initiate B-band synthesis through the addition of QuiNAc to undecaprenol phosphate, and A-band synthesis by transferring either a GalNAc or a GlcNAc residue. Another approach used to assign function to the wbp(O6) genes was by complementation analysis. Two genes from Salmonella typhi, wcdA and wcdB, responsible for the synthesis of a homopolymer of GalNAcA called Vi antigen were used in complementation experiments to verify the functions of wbpO and wbpP. wcdA and wcdB restored B-band synthesis in wbpO and wbpP mutants respectively, implying that wbpO and wbpP are involved in UDP-GalNAcA synthesis. Although wbpV has homology to wbpK of the serotype O5 B-band LPS synthesis cluster, complementation analysis using the respective null mutants showed that the genes are not interchangeable. A knockout mutation of wbpN (located downstream of wbpM) did not abrogate LPS synthesis in either 05 or 06; therefore, it has been renamed orf48.5. These results establish the organization of genes involved in P. aeruginosa B-band O antigen synthesis and provide the evidence to assign functions to a number of LPS biosynthetic genes.	1
Title: The type II O-antigenic polysaccharide moiety of Burkholderia pseudomallei lipopolysaccharide is required for serum resistance and virulence Abstract: Melioidosis, an infection caused by the gram-negative bacterial pathogen Burkholderia pseudomallei, is endemic in south-east Asia and northern Australia. Acute septicaemic melioidosis is a major cause of morbidity and mortality, especially in north-east Thailand. B. pseudomallei is highly resistant to the bactericidal activity of normal human serum (NHS), and we have found that B. pseudomallei 1026b multiplies in 10-30% NHS. We developed a simple screen for the identification of serum-sensitive mutants based on this novel phenotype. Approximately 1200 Tn5-OT182 mutants were screened, and three serum-sensitive mutants were identified. The type II O-antigenic polysaccharide (O-PS) moiety of lipopolysaccharide was not present in the serum-sensitive mutants. A representative serum-sensitive mutant, SRM117, was killed by the alternative pathway of complement and was less virulent than 1026b in three animal models of melioidosis. The Tn5-OT182 integrations in the serum-sensitive mutants were physically linked on the B. pseudomallei chromosome, and further genetic analysis of this locus revealed a cluster of 15 genes required for type II O-PS production. The proteins encoded by these genes were similar to proteins involved in bacterial polysaccharide biosynthesis. The results presented here demonstrate that type II O-PS is essential for B. pseudomallei serum resistance and virulence.	1
Title: Novel genomic locus with atypical G+C content that is required for extracellular polysaccharide production and virulence in Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae Abstract: Three exopolysaccharide (EPS)- and virulence-deficient mutants of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae, the causal agent of bacterial leaf blight of rice, were isolated by Tn5 mutagenesis. These insertions are not located within the gum gene cluster. A 40-kb cosmid clone that restored EPS production and virulence to all three mutants was isolated, and the three transposon insertions were localized to contiguous 4.3- and 3.5-kb EcoRI fragments that are included in this clone. Sequence data indicate that two of the transposon insertions are in genes that encode a putative sugar nucleotide epimerase and a putative glycosyl transferase, respectively; the third insertion is located between the glycosyl transferase gene and a novel open reading frame (ORF). A 5.5-kb genomic region in which these three ORFs are located has a G+C content of 5-1.7%, quite different from the G+C content of approximately 65.0% that is typical of X. oryzae pv. oryzae. Homologues of this locus have not yet been reported in any other xanthomonad.	1
Title: Variation suggestive of horizontal gene transfer at a lipopolysaccharide (lps) biosynthetic locus in Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae, the bacterial leaf blight pathogen of rice Abstract: Background:                       In animal pathogenic bacteria, horizontal gene transfer events (HGT) have been frequently observed in genomic regions that encode functions involved in biosynthesis of the outer membrane located lipopolysaccharide (LPS). As a result, different strains of the same pathogen can have substantially different lps biosynthetic gene clusters. Since LPS is highly antigenic, the variation at lps loci is attributed to be of advantage in evading the host immune system. Although LPS has been suggested as a potentiator of plant defense responses, interstrain variation at lps biosynthetic gene clusters has not been reported for any plant pathogenic bacterium.                  Results:                       We report here the complete sequence of a 12.2 kb virulence locus of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae (Xoo) encoding six genes whose products are homologous to functions involved in LPS biosynthesis and transport. All six open reading frames (ORFs) have atypical G+C content and altered codon usage, which are the hallmarks of genomic islands that are acquired by horizontal gene transfer. The lps locus is flanked by highly conserved genes, metB and etfA, respectively encoding cystathionine gamma lyase and electron transport flavoprotein. Interestingly, two different sets of lps genes are present at this locus in the plant pathogens, Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris (Xcc) and Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. citri (Xac). The genomic island is present in a number of Xoo strains from India and other Asian countries but is not present in two strains, one from India (BXO8) and another from Nepal (Nepal624) as well as the closely related rice pathogen, Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola (Xoor). TAIL-PCR analysis indicates that sequences related to Xac are present at the lps locus in both BXO8 and Nepal624. The Xoor strain has a hybrid lps gene cluster, with sequences at the metB and etfA ends, being most closely related to sequences from Xac and the tomato pathogen, Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato respectively.                  Conclusion:                       This is the first report of hypervariation at an lps locus between different strains of a plant pathogenic bacterium. Our results indicate that multiple HGT events have occurred at this locus in the xanthomonad group of plant pathogens.	1
Title: Genetic variation at the O-antigen biosynthetic locus in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: The outer carbohydrate layer, or O antigen, of Pseudomonas aeruginosa varies markedly in different isolates of these bacteria, and at least 20 distinct O-antigen serotypes have been described. Previous studies have indicated that the major enzymes responsible for O-antigen synthesis are encoded in a cluster of genes that occupy a common genetic locus. We used targeted yeast recombinational cloning to isolate this locus from the 20 internationally recognized serotype strains. DNA sequencing of these isolated segments revealed that at least 11 highly divergent gene clusters occupy this region. Homology searches of the encoded protein products indicated that these gene clusters are likely to direct O-antigen biosynthesis. The O15 serotype strains lack functional gene clusters in the region analyzed, suggesting that O-antigen biosynthesis genes for this serotype are harbored in a different portion of the genome. The overall pattern underscores the plasticity of the P. aeruginosa genome, in which a specific site in a well-conserved genomic region can be occupied by any of numerous islands of functionally related DNA with diverse sequences.	1
Title: The Edwardsiella ictaluri O polysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster and the role of O polysaccharide in resistance to normal catfish serum and catfish neutrophils Abstract: Edwardsiella ictaluri, the causative agent of enteric septicaemia of catfish (ESC), expresses long O polysaccharide (OPS) chains on its surface. The authors previously reported the construction of an isogenic Ed. ictaluri OPS mutant strain and demonstrated that this strain is avirulent in channel catfish. This paper reports the cloning of the Ed. ictaluri OPS biosynthesis gene cluster and identification of the mutated gene in the OPS-negative strain. The sequenced region contains eight complete ORFs and one incomplete ORF encoding LPS biosynthesis enzymes. The mutated gene (designated wbiT) was similar to other bacterial galactose-4-epimerases. Glycosyl composition analysis indicated that wild-type Ed. ictaluri OPS contains higher amounts of galactose and N-acetylgalactosamine than the OPS mutant strain, which correlated well with predicted functions of the genes identified in the OPS biosynthesis cluster. The OPS mutant had a relatively small, but significant, decrease in its ability to survive in normal catfish serum compared to wild-type Ed. ictaluri, but it retained the ability to resist killing by catfish neutrophils.	1
Title: Characterization of WbiQ: An α1,2-fucosyltransferase from Escherichia coli O127:K63(B8), and synthesis of H-type 3 blood group antigen Abstract: Escherichia coli O127:K63(B8) possesses high human blood group H (O) activity due to its O-antigen repeating unit structure. In this work, the wbiQ gene from E. coli O127:K63(B8) was expressed in E. coli BL21 (DE3) and purified as a fusion protein containing an N-terminal GST affinity tag. Using the GST-WbiQ fusion protein, the wbiQ gene was identified to encode an α1,2-fucosyltransferase using a radioactivity based assay, thin-layer chromatography assay, as well confirming product formation by using mass spectrometry and NMR spectroscopy. The fused enzyme (GST-WbiQ) has an optimal pH range from 6.5 to 7.5 and does not require the presence of a divalent metal to be enzymatically active. WbiQ displays strict substrate specificity, displaying activity only towards acceptors that contain Gal-β1,3-GalNAc-α-OR linkages; indicating that both the Gal and GalNAc residues are vital for enzymatic activity. In addition, WbiQ was used to prepare the H-type 3 blood group antigen, Fuc-α1,2-Gal-β1,3-GalNAc-α-OMe, on a milligram scale.	1
Title: Molecular evolution of the GDP-mannose pathway genes (manB and manC) in Salmonella enterica Abstract: The evolutionary history of the GDP-mannose pathway in Salmonella enterica was studied via sequencing manB and manC genes from 13 representative strains for O antigens containing mannose and/or sugar derivatives of GDP-D-mannose. In addition, colanic acid (CA) manB and manC genes were sequenced from selected strains, as the basis for a detailed comparison. Interestingly, including the eight previously characterized O antigen gene clusters, 12 of the 21 S. enterica strains studied in total (each representing a different O antigen structure) possess a manB gene which displays DNA identity, ranging from 93 to 99%, to the CA manB gene of S. enterica LT2. Furthermore, the CA-like manB genes (as well as the CA manB and manC genes) display subspecies specificity, and the CA and CA-like manB genes (for individual strains) appear to be evolving in concert via gene conversion events. In comparison, the manC genes were generally not CA-like, a situation also apparent in Escherichia coli,and therefore most strongly reflected the evolutionary history of the S. enterica O antigen GDP-mannose pathway. It appears that, in relatively recent times, gene capture from a distant source has occurred infrequently, and that groups of manB and manC genes have been maintained and are continuing to evolve within S. enterica and more closely related species.	1
Title: Relationships of the Escherichia coli O157, O111, and O55 O-antigen gene clusters with those of Salmonella enterica and Citrobacter freundii, which express identical O antigens Abstract: Escherichia coli O157, Salmonella enterica O30, and Citrobacter freundii F90 have identical O-antigen structures, as do E. coli O55 and S. enterica O50. The O-antigen gene cluster sequences for E. coli O157 and E. coli O55 have been published, and the genes necessary for O-antigen biosynthesis have been identified, although transferase genes for glycosidic linkages are only generic and have not been allocated to specific linkages. We determined sequences for S. enterica O30 and C. freundii F90 O-antigen gene clusters and compared them to the sequence of the previously described E. coli O157 cluster. We also determined the sequence of the S. enterica O50 O-antigen gene cluster and compared it to the sequence of the previously described E. coli O55 cluster. For both the S. enterica O30-C. freundii F90-E. coli O157 group and the S. enterica O50-E. coli O55 group of O antigens, the gene clusters have identical or nearly identical organizations. The two sets of gene clusters had comparable overall levels of similarity in their genes, which were lower than the levels determined for housekeeping genes for these species, which were 55 to 65% for the genes encoding glycosyltransferases and O-antigen processing proteins and 75 to 93% for the nucleotide-sugar pathway genes. Nonetheless, the similarity of the levels of divergence in the five gene clusters required us to consider the possibility that the parent gene cluster for each structure was in the common ancestor of the species and that divergence is faster than expected for the common ancestor hypothesis. We propose that the identical O-antigen gene clusters originated from a common ancestor, and we discuss some possible explanations for the increased rate of divergence that is seen in these genes.	1
Title: Characterization of E. coli O24 and O56 O antigen gene clusters reveals a complex evolutionary history of the O24 gene cluster Abstract: O antigen is part of the lipopolysaccharide present in the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria. It has many different forms, which are almost entirely due to genetic variations of O antigen gene clusters. In this study, the O antigen gene clusters of E. coli O24 and O56 were sequenced, and all genes were assigned functions on the basis of homology. Comparison of O antigen gene clusters indicated that E. coli O24 O antigen gene cluster has possibly arisen from the E. coli O56 gene cluster, through inactivation of two glycosyltransferase genes and acquisition of two new genes from E. coli O157 and O152, respectively. The insertion sequence elements seemed to play important roles for the assembly of the O24 O antigen gene cluster. This is the first time that the evolutionary history of a multi-origin O antigen gene cluster is clearly demonstrated. Genes specific to E. coli O24 and O56 were also identified, which may be used for development of DNA-based serotyping schemes.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of the Enterobacter sakazakii O-antigen gene locus Abstract: Nucleotide polymorphism associated with the O-antigen-encoding locus, rfb, in Enterobacter sakazakii was determined by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. Based on the analysis of these DNA profiles, 12 unique banding patterns were detected among a collection of 62 strains from diverse origins. Two common profiles were identified and were designated serotypes O:1 and O:2. DNA sequencing of the 12,500-bp region flanked by galF and gnd identified 11 open reading frames, all with the same transcriptional direction. Analysis of the proximal region of both sequences demonstrated remarkable heterogeneity. A PCR assay targeting genes specific for the two prominent serotypes was developed and applied for the identification of these strains recovered from food, environmental, and clinical samples.	1
Title: A cluster of genes involved in polysaccharide biosynthesis from Enterococcus faecalis OG1RF Abstract: Our previous work identified a cosmid clone containing a 43-kb insert from Enterococcus faecalis OG1RF that produced a nonprotein antigen in Escherichia coli. In the present work, we studied this clone in detail. Periodate treatment of lysates of the clone confirmed that the antigen was carbohydrate in nature. Analysis of DNA sequences and transposon insertion mutants suggested that the insert contained a multicistronic gene cluster. Database comparison showed that the cluster contained genes similar to genes involved in the biosynthesis of dTDP-rhamnose, glycosyltransferases, and ABC transporters involved in the export of sugar polymers from both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. Insertions in several genes within the cluster abolished the immunoreactivity of the clone. This is the first report on a gene cluster of E. faecalis involved in the biosynthesis of an antigenic polysaccharide.	1
Title: The surface layer (S-layer) glycoprotein of Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a. Analysis of its glycosylation Abstract: Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a possesses an oblique surface layer (S-layer) composed of glycoprotein subunits as the outermost component of its cell wall. In addition to the elucidation of the complete S-layer glycan primary structure and the determination of the glycosylation sites, the structural gene sgsE encoding the S-layer protein was isolated by polymerase chain reaction-based techniques. The open reading frame codes for a protein of 903 amino acids, including a leader sequence of 30 amino acids. The mature S-layer protein has a calculated molecular mass of 93,684 Da and an isoelectric point of 6.1. Glycosylation of SgsE was investigated by means of chemical analyses, 600-MHz nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry. Glycopeptides obtained after Pronase digestion revealed the glycan structure [-->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->3)-beta-L-Rhap-(1-->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->](n = 13-18), with a 2-O-methyl group capping the terminal trisaccharide repeating unit at the non-reducing end of the glycan chains. The glycan chains are bound via the disaccharide core -->3)-alpha-l-Rhap-(1-->3)-alpha-L-Rhap-(L--> and the linkage glycose beta-D-Galp in O-glycosidic linkages to the S-layer protein SgsE at positions threonine 620 and serine 794. This S-layer glycoprotein contains novel linkage regions and is the first one among eubacteria whose glycosylation sites have been characterized.	1
Title: Genetic organization of chromosomal S-layer glycan biosynthesis loci of Bacillaceae Abstract: S-layer glycoproteins are cell surface glycoconjugates that have been identified in archaea and in bacteria. Usually, S-layer glycoproteins assemble into regular, crystalline arrays covering the entire bacterium. Our research focuses on thermophilic Bacillaceae, which are considered a suitable model system for studying bacterial glycosylation. During the past decade, investigations of S-layer glycoproteins dealt with the elucidation of the highly variable glycan structures by a combination of chemical degradation methods and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. It was only recently that the molecular characterization of the genes governing the formation of the S-layer glycoprotein glycan chains has been initiated. The S-layer glycosylation (slg) gene clusters of four of the 11 known S-layer glycan structures from members of the Bacillaceae have now been studied. The clusters are approximately 16 to approximately 25 kb in size and transcribed as polycistronic units. They include nucleotide sugar pathway genes that are arranged as operons, sugar transferase genes, glycan processing genes, and transporter genes. So far, the biochemical functions only of the genes required for nucleotide sugar biosynthesis have been demonstrated experimentally. The presence of insertion sequences and the decrease of the G + C content at the slg locus suggest that the investigated organisms have acquired their specific S-layer glycosylation potential by lateral gene transfer. In addition, S-layer protein glycosylation requires the participation of housekeeping genes that map outside the cluster. The gene encoding the respective S-layer target protein is transcribed monocistronically and independently of the slg cluster genes. Its chromosomal location is not necessarily in close vicinity to the slg gene cluster.	1
Title: S-layer glycan-specific loci on the chromosome of Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a and dTDP-L-rhamnose biosynthesis potential of G. stearothermophilus strains Abstract: The approximately 16.5 kb surface layer (S-layer) glycan biosynthesis (slg) gene cluster of the Gram-positive thermophile Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a has been sequenced. The cluster is located immediately downstream of the S-layer structural gene sgsE and consists of 13 ORFs that have been identified by database sequence comparisons. The cluster encodes dTDP-L-rhamnose biosynthesis (rml operon), required for building up the polyrhamnan S-layer glycan, as well as for assembly and export of the elongated glycan chain, and its transfer to the S-layer protein. This is the first report of a gene cluster likely to be involved in the glycosylation of an S-layer protein. There is evidence that this cluster is transcribed as a polycistronic unit, whereas sgsE is transcribed monocistronically. To get insights into the regulatory mechanisms underlying glycosylation of the S-layer protein, the influence of growth temperature on the S-layer was investigated in seven closely related G. stearothermophilus strains, of which only strain NRS 2004/3a possessed a glycosylated S-layer. Chromosomal DNA preparations of these strains were screened for the presence of the rml operon, because L-rhamnose is a frequent constituent of S-layer glycans. From rml-positive strains, flanking regions of the operon were sequenced. Comparison with the slg gene cluster of G. stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a revealed sequence homologies between adjacent genes. The temperature inducibility of S-layer protein glycosylation was investigated in those strains by raising the growth temperature from 55 degrees C to 67 degrees C; no change of either the protein banding pattern or the glycan staining behaviour was observed on SDS-PAGE gels, although the sgsE transcript was several-fold more abundant at 67 degrees C. Cell-free extracts of the strains were capable of converting dTDP-D-glucose to dtdp-L-rhamnose. Taken together, the results indicate that the rml locus is highly conserved among G. stearothermophilus strains, and that in the investigated rml-containing strains, dTDP-L-rhamnose is actively synthesized in vitro. However, in contrast to previous reports for G. stearothermophilus wild-type strains, an increase in growth temperature did not switch an S-layer protein phenotype to an S-layer glycoprotein phenotype, via the de novo generation of a new S-layer gene sequence.	1
Title: The dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxyglucose reductase encoding fcd gene is part of the surface layer glycoprotein glycosylation gene cluster of Geobacillus tepidamans GS5-97T Abstract: The glycan chain of the S-layer protein of Geobacillus tepidamans GS5-97(T) consists of disaccharide repeating units composed of L-rhamnose and D-fucose, the latter being a rare constituent of prokaryotic glycoconjugates. Although biosynthesis of nucleotide-activated L-rhamnose is well established, D-fucose biosynthesis is less investigated. The conversion of alpha-D-glucose-1-phosphate into thymidine diphosphate (dTDP)-4-dehydro-6-deoxyglucose by the sequential action of RmlA (glucose-1-phosphate thymidylyltransferase) and RmlB (dTDP-glucose-4,6-dehydratase) is shared between the dTDP-D-fucose and the dTDP-L-rhamnose biosynthesis pathway. This key intermediate is processed by the dTDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxyglucose reductase Fcd to form dTDP-alpha-D-fucose. We identified the fcd gene in G. tepidamans GS5-97(T) by chromosome walking and performed functional characterization of the recombinant 308-amino acid enzyme. The in vitro activity of the enzymatic cascade (RmlB and Fcd) was monitored by high-performance liquid chromatography and the reaction product was confirmed by (1)H and (13)C nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. This is the first characterization of the dTDP-alpha-D-fucopyranose biosynthesis pathway in a Gram-positive organism. fcd was identified as 1 of 20 open reading frames contained in a 17471-bp S-layer glycosylation (slg) gene cluster on the chromosome of G. tepidamans GS5-97(T). The sgtA structural gene is located immediately upstream of the slg gene cluster with an intergenic region of 247 nucleotides. By comparison of the SgtA amino acid sequence with the known glycosylation pattern of the S-layer protein SgsE of Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a, two out of the proposed three glycosylation sites on SgtA could be identified by electrospray ionization quadrupole-time-of-flight mass spectrometry to be at positions Ser-792 and Thr-583.	1
Title: Functional characterization of the initiation enzyme of S-layer glycoprotein glycan biosynthesis in Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a Abstract: The glycan chain of the S-layer glycoprotein of Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a is composed of repeating units [-->2)-alpha-l-Rhap-(1-->3)-beta-l-Rhap-(1-->2)-alpha-l-Rhap-(1-->], with a 2-O-methyl modification of the terminal trisaccharide at the nonreducing end of the glycan chain, a core saccharide composed of two or three alpha-l-rhamnose residues, and a beta-d-galactose residue as a linker to the S-layer protein. In this study, we report the biochemical characterization of WsaP of the S-layer glycosylation gene cluster as a UDP-Gal:phosphoryl-polyprenol Gal-1-phosphate transferase that primes the S-layer glycoprotein glycan biosynthesis of Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a. Our results demonstrate that the enzyme transfers in vitro a galactose-1-phosphate from UDP-galactose to endogenous phosphoryl-polyprenol and that the C-terminal half of WsaP carries the galactosyltransferase function, as already observed for the UDP-Gal:phosphoryl-polyprenol Gal-1-phosphate transferase WbaP from Salmonella enterica. To confirm the function of the enzyme, we show that WsaP is capable of reconstituting polysaccharide biosynthesis in WbaP-deficient strains of Escherichia coli and Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium.	1
Title: Molecular basis of S-layer glycoprotein glycan biosynthesis in Geobacillus stearothermophilus Abstract: The Gram-positive bacterium Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a possesses a cell wall containing an oblique surface layer (S-layer) composed of glycoprotein subunits. O-Glycans with the structure [-->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->3)-beta-L-Rhap-(1-->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->](n) (= 13-18), a2-O-methyl group capping the terminal repeating unit at the nonreducing end and a -->2)-alpha-L-Rhap-[(1-->3)-alpha-L-Rhap](n) (= 1-2)(1-->3)- adaptor are linked via a beta-D-Galp residue to distinct sites of the S-layer protein SgsE. S-layer glycan biosynthesis is encoded by a polycistronic slg (surface layer glycosylation) gene cluster. Four assigned glycosyltransferases named WsaC-WsaF, were investigated by a combined biochemical and NMR approach, starting from synthetic octyl-linked saccharide precursors. We demonstrate that three of the enzymes are rhamnosyltransferases that are responsible for the transfer of L-rhamnose from a dTDP-beta-L-Rha precursor to the nascent S-layer glycan, catalyzing the formation of the alpha1,3- (WsaC and WsaD) and beta1,2-linkages (WsaF) present in the adaptor saccharide and in the repeating units of the mature S-layer glycan, respectively. These enzymes work in concert with a multifunctional methylrhamnosyltransferase (WsaE). The N-terminal portion of WsaE is responsible for the S-adenosylmethionine-dependent methylation reaction of the terminal alpha1,3-linked L-rhamnose residue, and the central and C-terminal portions are involved in the transfer of L-rhamnose from dTDP-beta-L-rhamnose to the adaptor saccharide to form the alpha1,2- and alpha1,3-linkages during S-layer glycan chain elongation, with the methylation and the glycosylation reactions occurring independently. Characterization of these enzymes thus reveals the complete molecular basis for S-layer glycan biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of two GDP-6-deoxy-D-lyxo-4-hexulose reductases synthesizing GDP-D-rhamnose in Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus L420-91T Abstract: The glycan repeats of the surface layer glycoprotein of Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus L420-91T contain d-rhamnose and 3-acetamido-3,6-dideoxy-d-galactose, both of which are also constituents of lipopolysaccharides of Gram-negative plant and human pathogenic bacteria. The two genes required for biosynthesis of the nucleotide-activated precursor GDP-d-rhamnose, gmd and rmd, were cloned, sequenced, and overexpressed in Escherichia coli. The corresponding enzymes Gmd and Rmd were purified to homogeneity, and functional studies were performed. GDP-d-mannose dehydratase (Gmd) converted GDP-d-mannose to GDP-6-deoxy-d-lyxo-4-hexulose, with NADP+ as cofactor. The reductase Rmd catalyzed the second step in the pathway, namely the reduction of the keto-intermediate to the final product GDP-d-rhamnose using both NADH and NADPH as hydride donor. The elution behavior of the intermediate and end product was analyzed by high performance liquid chromatography. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to identify the structure of the final product of the reaction sequence as GDP-alpha-d-rhamnose. This is the first characterization of a GDP-6-deoxy-d-lyxo-4-hexulose reductase. In addition, Gmd has been shown to be a bifunctional enzyme with both dehydratase and reductase activities. So far, no enzyme catalyzing these two types of reactions has been identified. Both Gmd and Rmd are members of the SDR (short chain dehydrogenase/reductase) protein family.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of dTDP-3-acetamido-3,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-galactose in Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus L420-91T Abstract: The glycan chain of the S-layer protein of Aneurinibacillus thermoaerophilus L420-91T (DSM 10154) consists of d-rhamnose and 3-acetamido-3,6-dideoxy-d-galactose (d-Fucp3NAc). Thymidine diphosphate-activated d-Fucp3NAc serves as precursor for the assembly of structural polysaccharides in Gram-positive and Gram-negative organisms. The biosynthesis of dTDP-3-acetamido-3,6-dideoxy-alpha-d-galactose (dTDP-d-Fucp3NAc) involves five enzymes. The first two steps of the reaction are catalyzed by enzymes that are part of the well studied dTDP-l-rhamnose biosynthetic pathway, namely d-glucose-1-phosphate thymidyltransferase (RmlA) and dTDP-d-glucose-4,6-dehydratase (RmlB). The enzymes catalyzing the last three synthesis reactions have not been characterized biochemically so far. These steps include an isomerase, a transaminase, and a transacetylase. We identified all five genes involved by chromosome walking in the Gram-positive organism A. thermoaerophilus L420-91T and overexpressed the three new enzymes heterologously in Escherichia coli. The activities of these enzymes were monitored by reverse phase high performance liquid chromatography, and the intermediate products formed were characterized by 1H and 13C nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy analysis. Alignment of the newly identified proteins with known sequences revealed that the elucidated pathway in this Gram-positive organism may also be valid in the biosynthesis of the O-antigen of lipopolysaccharides of Gram-negative organisms. The key enzyme in the biosynthesis of dTDP-d-Fucp3NAc has been identified as an isomerase, which converts the 4-keto educt into the 3-keto product, with concomitant epimerization at C-4 to produce a 6-deoxy-d-xylo configuration. This is the first report of the functional characterization of the biosynthesis of dTDP-d-Fucp3NAc and description of a novel type of isomerase capable of synthesizing dTDP-6-deoxy-d-xylohex-3-ulose from dTDP-6-deoxy-d-xylohex-4-ulose.	1
Title: Surface-layer glycoproteins: an example for the diversity of bacterial glycosylation with promising impacts on nanobiotechnology Abstract: Bacterial cell surface layers, referred to simply as S-layers, have been described for all major phylogenetic groups of bacteria, which may indicate their pivotal role for a bacterium in its natural habitat. They have the unique ability to assemble into two-dimensional crystalline arrays that completely cover the bacterial cells. Glycosylation represents the most frequent modification of S-layer proteins. S-layer glycoproteins constitute a class of glycoconjugates first isolated in the mid-1970s, but S-layer glycoprotein research is still being regarded as an "exotic field of glycobiology," possibly because of its "noneukaryotic" character. Extensive work over the past 30 years provided evidence of an enormous diversity of S-layer glycoproteins that have been created in nature over 3 billion years of prokaryotic evolution. These glycoconjugates are substantially different from eukaryotic glycoproteins, with regard to both composition and structure; nevertheless, some general structural concepts may be deduced. The awareness of the high application potential of S-layer glycoproteins, especially in combination with their intrinsic cell surface display feature, in the field of modern nanobiotechnology as a base for glycoengineering has recently led to the investigation of the S-layer protein glycosylation process at the molecular level, which has lagged behind the structural studies due to the lack of suitable molecular tools. From that work an even more interesting picture of this class of glycoconjugates is emerging. The availability of purified enzymes from S-layer glycan biosynthesis pathways exhibiting increased stabilities and/or rare sugar specificities in conjunction with preliminary genomic data on S-layer glycan biosynthesis clusters will pave the way for the rational design of S-layer neoglycoproteins.	1
Title: Construction of a gene knockout system for application in Paenibacillus alvei CCM 2051T, exemplified by the S-layer glycan biosynthesis initiation enzyme WsfP Abstract: The gram-positive bacterium Paenibacillus alvei CCM 2051T is covered by an oblique surface layer (S-layer) composed of glycoprotein subunits. The S-layer O-glycan is a polymer of [-->3)-beta-D-Galp-(1[alpha-D-Glcp-(1-->6)]-->4)-beta-D-ManpNAc-(1-->] repeating units that is linked by an adaptor of -[GroA-2-->OPO2-->4-beta-D-ManpNAc-(1-->4)]-->3)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->3)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->3)-alpha-L-Rhap-(1-->3)-beta-D-Galp-(1--> to specific tyrosine residues of the S-layer protein. For elucidation of the mechanism governing S-layer glycan biosynthesis, a gene knockout system using bacterial mobile group II intron-mediated gene disruption was developed. The system is further based on the sgsE S-layer gene promoter of Geobacillus stearothermophilus NRS 2004/3a and on the Geobacillus-Bacillus-Escherichia coli shuttle vector pNW33N. As a target gene, wsfP, encoding a putative UDP-Gal:phosphoryl-polyprenol Gal-1-phosphate transferase, representing the predicted initiation enzyme of S-layer glycan biosynthesis, was disrupted. S-layer protein glycosylation was completely abolished in the insertional P. alvei CCM 2051T wsfP mutant, according to sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis evidence and carbohydrate analysis. Glycosylation was fully restored by plasmid-based expression of wsfP in the glycan-deficient P. alvei mutant, confirming that WsfP initiates S-layer protein glycosylation. This is the first report on the successful genetic manipulation of bacterial S-layer protein glycosylation in vivo, including transformation of and heterologous gene expression and gene disruption in the model organism P. alvei CCM 2051T.	1
Title: Protein tyrosine O-glycosylation--a rather unexplored prokaryotic glycosylation system Abstract: Glycosylation is a frequent and heterogeneous posttranslational protein modification occurring in all domains of life. While protein N-glycosylation at asparagine and O-glycosylation at serine, threonine or hydroxyproline residues have been studied in great detail, only few data are available on O-glycosidic attachment of glycans to the amino acid tyrosine. In this study, we describe the identification and characterization of a bacterial protein tyrosine O-glycosylation system. In the Gram-positive, mesophilic bacterium Paenibacillus alvei CCM 2051(T), a polysaccharide consisting of [-->3)-beta-d-Galp-(1[alpha-d-Glcp-(1-->6)] -->4)-beta-d-ManpNAc-(1-->] repeating units is O-glycosidically linked via an adaptor with the structure -[GroA-2-->OPO(2)-->4-beta-d-ManpNAc-(1-->4)] -->3)-alpha-l-Rhap-(1-->3)-alpha-l-Rhap-(1-->3)-alpha-l-Rhap-(1-->3)-beta-d-Galp-(1--> to specific tyrosine residues of the S-layer protein SpaA. A +AH4-24.3-kb S-layer glycosylation (slg) gene cluster encodes the information necessary for the biosynthesis of this glycan chain within 18 open reading frames (ORF). The corresponding translation products are involved in the biosynthesis of nucleotide-activated monosaccharides, assembly and export as well as in the transfer of the completed polysaccharide chain to the S-layer target protein. All ORFs of the cluster, except those encoding the nucleotide sugar biosynthesis enzymes and the ATP binding cassette (ABC) transporter integral transmembrane proteins, were disrupted by the insertion of the mobile group II intron Ll.LtrB, and S-layer glycoproteins produced in mutant backgrounds were analyzed by mass spectrometry. There is evidence that the glycan chain is synthesized in a process comparable to the ABC-transporter-dependent pathway of the lipopolysaccharide O-polysaccharide biosynthesis. Furthermore, with the protein WsfB, we have identified an O-oligosaccharyl:protein transferase required for the formation of the covalent beta-d-Gal-->Tyr linkage between the glycan chain and the S-layer protein.	1
Title: Linkage of genes essential for synthesis of a polysaccharide capsule in Sphingomonas strain S88 Abstract: Several structurally related capsular polysaccharides that are secreted by members of the genus Sphingomonas are being developed as aqueous rheological control agents for diverse industrial and food applications. They include gellan (S-60), welan (S-130), rhamsan (S-194), S-657, S-88, S-198, S-7, and NW-11. We refer to these polysaccharides as sphingans, after the genus name. This paper characterizes the first gene cluster isolated from a Sphingomonas species (S88) that is required for capsule synthesis. Overlapping DNA segments which spanned about 50 kbp of S88 DNA restored the synthesis of sphingan S-88 in capsule-negative mutants. The mutations were mapped into functional complementation groups, and the contiguous nucleotide sequence for the 29-kbp cluster was determined. The genetic complementation map and the DNA sequences were interpreted as an extended multicistronic locus containing genes essential for the assembly and secretion of polysaccharide S-88. Many of the deduced amino acid sequences were similar to gene products from other polysaccharide-secreting bacteria such as Rhizobium meliloti (succinoglycan), Xanthomonas campestris (xanthan gum), and Salmonella enterica (O antigen). The S88 locus contained a four-gene operon for the biosynthesis of dTDP-L-rhamnose, an essential precursor for the sphingans. Unexpectedly, there were also two genes for secretion of a lytic or toxin-like protein nested within the polysaccharide cluster. The conservation and linkage of genes that code for a defensive capsule and genes for secretion of an offensive lysin or toxin suggest a heretofore unknown pathogenic life history for Sphingomonas strain S88.	1
Title: Genomic clustering of cyanogenic glucoside biosynthetic genes aids their identification in Lotus japonicus and suggests the repeated evolution of this chemical defence pathway Abstract: Cyanogenic glucosides are amino acid-derived defence compounds found in a large number of vascular plants. Their hydrolysis by specific β-glucosidases following tissue damage results in the release of hydrogen cyanide. The cyanogenesis deficient1 (cyd1) mutant of Lotus japonicus carries a partial deletion of the CYP79D3 gene, which encodes a cytochrome P450 enzyme that is responsible for the first step in cyanogenic glucoside biosynthesis. The genomic region surrounding CYP79D3 contains genes encoding the CYP736A2 protein and the UDP-glycosyltransferase UGT85K3. In combination with CYP79D3, these genes encode the enzymes that constitute the entire pathway for cyanogenic glucoside biosynthesis. The biosynthetic genes for cyanogenic glucoside biosynthesis are also co-localized in cassava (Manihot esculenta) and sorghum (Sorghum bicolor), but the three gene clusters show no other similarities. Although the individual enzymes encoded by the biosynthetic genes in these three plant species are related, they are not necessarily orthologous. The independent evolution of cyanogenic glucoside biosynthesis in several higher plant lineages by the repeated recruitment of members from similar gene families, such as the CYP79s, is a likely scenario.	1
Title: Organization of the Escherichia coli K-12 gene cluster responsible for production of the extracellular polysaccharide colanic acid Abstract: Colanic acid (CA) is an extracellular polysaccharide produced by most Escherichia coli strains as well as by other species of the family Enterobacteriaceae. We have determined the sequence of a 23-kb segment of the E. coli K-12 chromosome which includes the cluster of genes necessary for production of CA. The CA cluster comprises 19 genes. Two other sequenced genes (orf1.3 and galF), which are situated between the CA cluster and the O-antigen cluster, were shown to be unnecessary for CA production. The CA cluster includes genes for synthesis of GDP-L-fucose, one of the precursors of CA, and the gene for one of the enzymes in this pathway (GDP-D-mannose 4,6-dehydratase) was identified by biochemical assay. Six of the inferred proteins show sequence similarity to glycosyl transferases, and two others have sequence similarity to acetyl transferases. Another gene (wzx) is predicted to encode a protein with multiple transmembrane segments and may function in export of the CA repeat unit from the cytoplasm into the periplasm in a process analogous to O-unit export. The first three genes of the cluster are predicted to encode an outer membrane lipoprotein, a phosphatase, and an inner membrane protein with an ATP-binding domain. Since homologs of these genes are found in other extracellular polysaccharide gene clusters, they may have a common function, such as export of polysaccharide from the cell.	1
Title: Xanthan gum biosynthesis and application: a biochemical/genetic perspective Abstract: Xanthan gum is a complex exopolysaccharide produced by the plant-pathogenic bacterium Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris. It consists of D-glucosyl, D-mannosyl, and D-glucuronyl acid residues in a molar ratio of 2:2:1 and variable proportions of O-acetyl and pyruvyl residues. Because of its physical properties, it is widely used as a thickener or viscosifier in both food and non-food industries. Xanthan gum is also used as a stabilizer for a wide variety of suspensions, emulsions, and foams. This article outlines aspects of the biochemical assembly and genetic loci involved in its biosynthesis, including the synthesis of the sugar nucleotide substrates, the building and decoration of the pentasaccharide subunit, and the polymerization and secretion of the polymer. An overview of the applications and industrial production of xanthan is also covered.	1
Title: The 32-kilobase exp gene cluster of Rhizobium meliloti directing the biosynthesis of galactoglucan: genetic organization and properties of the encoded gene products Abstract: Proteins directing the biosynthesis of galactoglucan (exopolysaccharide II) in Rhizobium meliloti Rm2011 are encoded by the exp genes. Sequence analysis of a 32-kb DNA fragment of megaplasmid 2 containing the exp gene cluster identified previously (J. Glazebrook and G. C. Walker, Cell 56:661-672, 1989) revealed the presence of 25 open reading frames. Homologies of the deduced exp gene products to proteins of known function suggested that the exp genes encoded four proteins involved in the biosynthesis of dTDP-glucose and dTDP-rhamnose, six glycosyltransferases, an ABC transporter complex homologous to the subfamily of peptide and protein export complexes, and a protein homologous to Rhizobium NodO proteins. In addition, homologies of three Exp proteins to transcriptional regulators, methyltransferases, and periplasmic binding proteins were found. The positions of 26 Tn5 insertions in the exp gene cluster were determined, thus allowing the previously described genetic map to be correlated with the sequence. Operon analysis revealed that the exp gene cluster consists of five complementation groups. In comparison to the wild-type background, all exp complementation groups were transcribed at a substantially elevated level in the regulatory mucR mutant.	1
Title: Extension of the Rhizobium meliloti succinoglycan biosynthesis gene cluster: identification of the exsA gene encoding an ABC transporter protein, and the exsB gene which probably codes for a regulator of succinoglycan biosynthesis Abstract: Two new genes, designated exsA and exsB, were identified adjacent to the 24 kb exo gene cluster of Rhizobium meliloti, which is involved in succinoglycan (EPS I) biosynthesis. The derived amino acid sequence of ExsA displayed significant homologies to ATP binding cassette (ABC) transporter proteins. R. meliloti strains mutated in exsA were characterized by a decreased ratio of HMW to LMW EPS I, indicating a function for ExsA in EPS I biosynthesis. The R. meliloti NdvA protein, which is involved in the transport of cyclic beta-(1,2)-glucans, was identified as the closest homologue of ExsA. R. meliloti exsB mutants produced a three-fold increased amount of EPS I in comparison to the wild-type strain. In contrast, high copy number of exsB resulted in a decrease in the EPS I level to 20% of wild type, indicating that the exsB gene product can negatively influence EPS I biosynthesis. It was demonstrated that this influence is not due to transcriptional regulation of the exo genes by the exsB gene product. By plasmid integration it was shown that exsA and exsB represent monocistronic transcription units.	1
Title: The Rhizobium meliloti exoK gene and prsD/prsE/exsH genes are components of independent degradative pathways which contribute to production of low-molecular-weight succinoglycan Abstract: When grown on medium supplemented with the succinoglycan-binding dye, Calcofluor, and visualized under UV light, colonies of Rhizobium meliloti (Sinorhizobium meliloti) exoK mutants produce a fluorescent halo with a delayed onset relative to wild-type colonies. By conducting transposon mutagenesis of exoK mutants of R. meliloti and screening for colonies with even more severe delays in production of these fluorescent halos, we identified three genes, designated prsD, prsE, and exsH, which are required for the eventual production of fluorescent halos by exoK colonies. Nucleotide sequence indicates that the prsD and prsE genes encode homologues of ABC transporters and membrane fusion proteins of Type I secretion systems, respectively, whereas exsH encodes a homologue of endo-1,3-1,4-beta-glycanases with glycine-rich nonameric repeats typical of proteins secreted by Type I secretion systems. The exoK gene and the prsD/prsE/exsH genes were shown to be components of independent pathways for production of extracellular succinoglycan degrading activities and for production of low-molecular-weight succinoglycan by R. meliloti. Based on these results, we propose that ExsH is a succinoglycan depolymerase secreted by a Type I secretion system composed of PrsD and PrsE, and that the ExsH and ExoK glycanases contribute to production of low-molecular-weight succinoglycan.	1
Title: Identification of a Gene Cluster for the Biosynthesis of a Long, Galactose-Rich Exopolysaccharide in Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG and Functional Analysis of the Priming Glycosyltransferase Abstract: Cell surface polysaccharides have an established role as virulence factors in human bacterial pathogens. Less documented are the biosynthesis and biological functions of surface polysaccharides in beneficial bacteria. We identified a gene cluster that encodes the enzymes and regulatory and transporter proteins for the different steps in the biosynthesis of extracellular polysaccharides (EPS) of the well-documented probiotic strain Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG. Subsequent mutation of the welE gene, encoding the priming glycosyltransferase within this cluster, and comparative phenotypic analyses of wild-type versus mutant strains confirmed the specific function of this gene cluster in the biosynthesis of high-molecular-weight, galactose-rich heteropolymeric EPS molecules. The phenotypic analyses included monomer composition determination, estimation of the polymer length of the isolated EPS molecules, and single-molecule force spectroscopy of the surface polysaccharides. Further characterization of the welE mutant also showed that deprivation of these long, galactose-rich EPS molecules results in an increased adherence and biofilm formation capacity of L. rhamnosus GG, possibly because of less shielding of adhesins such as fimbria-like structures.	1
Title: Draft genome sequence of Streptomyces coelicoflavus ZG0656 reveals the putative biosynthetic gene cluster of acarviostatin family α-amylase inhibitors Abstract: Aims:                       The aims of this study are to obtain the draft genome sequence of Streptomyces coelicoflavus ZG0656, which produces novel acarviostatin family α-amylase inhibitors, and then to reveal the putative acarviostatin-related gene cluster and the biosynthetic pathway.                  Methods and results:                       The draft genome sequence of S. coelicoflavus ZG0656 was generated using a shotgun approach employing a combination of 454 and Solexa sequencing technologies. Genome analysis revealed a putative gene cluster for acarviostatin biosynthesis, termed sct-cluster. The cluster contains 13 acarviostatin synthetic genes, six transporter genes, four starch degrading or transglycosylation enzyme genes and two regulator genes. On the basis of bioinformatic analysis, we proposed a putative biosynthetic pathway of acarviostatins. The intracellular steps produce a structural core, acarviostatin I00-7-P, and the extracellular assemblies lead to diverse acarviostatin end products.                  Conclusions:                       The draft genome sequence of S. coelicoflavus ZG0656 revealed the putative biosynthetic gene cluster of acarviostatins and a putative pathway of acarviostatin production.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       To our knowledge, S. coelicoflavus ZG0656 is the first strain in this species for which a genome sequence has been reported. The analysis of sct-cluster provided important insights into the biosynthesis of acarviostatins. This work will be a platform for producing novel variants and yield improvement.	1
Title: Purification and characterization of phosphonoglycans from Glycomyces sp. strain NRRL B-16210 and Stackebrandtia nassauensis NRRL B-16338 Abstract: Two related actinomycetes, Glycomyces sp. strain NRRL B-16210 and Stackebrandtia nassauensis NRRL B-16338, were identified as potential phosphonic acid producers by screening for the gene encoding phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) mutase, which is required for the biosynthesis of most phosphonates. Using a variety of analytical techniques, both strains were subsequently shown to produce phosphonate-containing exopolysaccharides (EPS), also known as phosphonoglycans. The phosphonoglycans were purified by sequential organic solvent extractions, methanol precipitation, and ultrafiltration. The EPS from the Glycomyces strain has a mass of 40 to 50 kDa and is composed of galactose, xylose, and five distinct partially O-methylated galactose residues. Per-deutero-methylation analysis indicated that galactosyl residues in the polysaccharide backbone are 3,4-linked Gal, 2,4-linked 3-MeGal, 2,3-linked Gal, 3,6-linked 2-MeGal, and 4,6-linked 2,3-diMeGal. The EPS from the Stackebrandtia strain is comprised of glucose, galactose, xylose, and four partially O-methylated galactose residues. Isotopic labeling indicated that the O-methyl groups in the Stackebrandtia phosphonoglycan arise from S-adenosylmethionine. The phosphonate moiety in both phosphonoglycans was shown to be 2-hydroxyethylphosphonate (2-HEP) by (31)P nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and mass spectrometry following strong acid hydrolysis of the purified molecules. Partial acid hydrolysis of the purified EPS from Glycomyces yielded 2-HEP in ester linkage to the O-5 or O-6 position of a hexose and a 2-HEP mono(2,3-dihydroxypropyl)ester. Partial acid hydrolysis of Stackebrandtia EPS also revealed the presence of 2-HEP mono(2,3-dihydroxypropyl)ester. Examination of the genome sequences of the two strains revealed similar pepM-containing gene clusters that are likely to be required for phosphonoglycan synthesis.	1
Title: Deciphering indolocarbazole and enediyne aminodideoxypentose biosynthesis through comparative genomics: insights from the AT2433 biosynthetic locus Abstract: AT2433, an indolocarbazole antitumor antibiotic, is structurally distinguished by its aminodideoxypentose-containing disaccharide and asymmetrically halogenated N-methylated aglycon. Cloning and sequence analysis of AT2433 gene cluster and comparison of this locus with that encoding for rebeccamycin and the gene cluster encoding calicheamicin present an opportunity to study the aminodideoxypentose biosynthesis via comparative genomics. The locus was confirmed via in vitro biochemical characterization of two methyltransferases--one common to AT2433 and rebeccamycin, the other unique to AT2433--as well as via heterologous expression and in vivo bioconversion experiments using the AT2433 N-glycosyltransferase. Preliminary studies of substrate tolerance for these three enzymes reveal the potential to expand upon the enzymatic diversification of indolocarbazoles. Moreover, this work sets the stage for future studies regarding the origins of the indolocarbazole maleimide nitrogen and indolocarbazole asymmetry.	1
Title: Two glucosyltransferases are involved in detoxification of benzoxazinoids in maize Abstract: Benzoxazinoids are major compounds involved in chemical defence in grasses. These toxins are stored in the vacuole as glucosides. Two glucosyltransferases, BX8 and BX9, that catalyse this last step of benzoxazinoid biosynthesis have been isolated via functional cloning. No close relative of these maize genes was found among the known glucosyltransferases. The enzymes display a very high degree of substrate specificity. DIMBOA, the major benzoxazinoid in young maize, is the preferred substrate. Both genes are highly expressed in young maize seedlings, the developmental stage with the highest activity of benzoxazinoid biosynthesis. Bx8 is included in the cluster of DIMBOA biosynthesis genes located on the short arm of chromosome 4. Hence, the gene cluster comprises three different enzymatic functions and a complete set of genes for the biosynthesis of DIBOA glucoside. Bx9 mapped to chromosome 1. Expression of Bx8 and Bx9 in Arabidopsis corroborated the potency of the enzymes in detoxification of their substrates. This capacity might have implications for allelopathic interactions.	1
Title: A 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase is integrated in DIMBOA-biosynthesis Abstract: Benzoxazinoids are secondary metabolites of grasses that function as natural pesticides. While many steps of DIMBOA biosynthesis have been elucidated, the mechanism of the introduction of OCH(3)-group at the C-7 position was unknown. Inhibitor experiments in Triticum aestivum and Zea mays suggest that a 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase catalyses the hydroxylation reaction at C-7. Cloning and reverse genetics analysis have identified the Bx6 gene that encodes this enzyme. Bx6 is located in the Bx-gene cluster of maize.	1
Title: Elucidation of the final reactions of DIMBOA-glucoside biosynthesis in maize: characterization of Bx6 and Bx7 Abstract: Benzoxazinoids were identified in the early 1960s as secondary metabolites of the grasses that function as natural pesticides and exhibit allelopathic properties. Benzoxazinoids are synthesized in seedlings and stored as glucosides (glcs); the main aglucone moieties are 2,4-dihydroxy-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one (DIBOA) and 2,4-dihydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one (DIMBOA). The genes of DIBOA-glc biosynthesis have previously been isolated and the enzymatic functions characterized. Here, the enzymes for conversion of DIBOA-glc to DIMBOA-glc are identified. DIBOA-glc is the substrate of the dioxygenase BENZOXAZINLESS6 (BX6) and the produced 2,4,7-trihydroxy-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-3-(4H)-one-glc is metabolized by the methyltransferase BX7 to yield DIMBOA-glc. Both enzymes exhibit moderate K(m) values (below 0.4 mm) and k(cat) values of 2.10 s(-1) and 0.25 s(-1), respectively. Although BX6 uses a glucosylated substrate, our localization studies indicate a cytoplasmic localization of the dioxygenase. Bx6 and Bx7 are highest expressed in seedling tissue, a feature shared with the other Bx genes. At present, Bx6 and Bx7 have no close relatives among the members of their respective gene families. Bx6 and Bx7 map to the cluster of Bx genes on the short arm of chromosome 4.	1
Title: An ergot alkaloid biosynthesis gene and clustered hypothetical genes from Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: The ergot alkaloids are a family of indole-derived mycotoxins with a variety of significant biological activities. Aspergillus fumigatus, a common airborne fungus and opportunistic human pathogen, and several fungi in the relatively distant taxon Clavicipitaceae (clavicipitaceous fungi) produce different sets of ergot alkaloids. The ergot alkaloids of these divergent fungi share a four-member ergoline ring but differ in the number, type, and position of the side chains. Several genes required for ergot alkaloid production are known in the clavicipitaceous fungi, and these genes are clustered in the genome of the ergot fungus Claviceps purpurea. We investigated whether the ergot alkaloids of A. fumigatus have a common biosynthetic and genetic origin with those of the clavicipitaceous fungi. A homolog of dmaW, the gene controlling the determinant step in the ergot alkaloid pathway of clavicipitaceous fungi, was identified in the A. fumigatus genome. Knockout of dmaW eliminated all known ergot alkaloids from A. fumigatus, and complementation of the mutation restored ergot alkaloid production. Clustered with dmaW in the A. fumigatus genome are sequences corresponding to five genes previously proposed to encode steps in the ergot alkaloid pathway of C. purpurea, as well as additional sequences whose deduced protein products are consistent with their involvement in the ergot alkaloid pathway. The corresponding genes have similarities in their nucleotide sequences, but the orientations and positions within the cluster of several of these genes differ. The data indicate that the ergot alkaloid biosynthetic capabilities in A. fumigatus and the clavicipitaceous fungi had a common origin.	1
Title: Overproduction, purification and characterization of FgaPT2, a dimethylallyltryptophan synthase from Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: A putative dimethylallyltryptophan synthase gene, fgaPT2, was identified in the genome sequence of Aspergillus fumigatus. fgaPT2 was cloned and overexpressed in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The protein FgaPT2 was purified to near homogeneity and characterized biochemically. This enzyme was found to convert L-tryptophan to 4-dimethylallyltryptophan, a reaction known to be the first step in ergot alkaloid biosynthesis. FgaPT2 is a soluble, dimeric protein with a subunit size of 52 kDa, and contains no putative prenyl diphosphate binding site (N/D)DXXD. Km values for L-tryptophan and dimethylallyl diphosphate (DMAPP) were determined as 8 and 4 microM, respectively. Metal ions, such as Mg2+ and Ca2+, enhance the reaction velocity, but are not essential for the enzymic reaction. FgaPT2 showed a relatively strict substrate specificity for both tryptophan and DMAPP. FgaPT2 is the first enzyme in the biosynthesis of ergot alkaloids to be purified and characterized in homogeneous form after heterologous overproduction.	1
Title: Reverse prenyltransferase in the biosynthesis of fumigaclavine C in Aspergillus fumigatus: gene expression, purification, and characterization of fumigaclavine C synthase FGAPT1 Abstract: A putative prenyltransferase gene-fgaPT1-has been identified in the biosynthetic gene cluster of fumigaclavines in Aspergillus fumigatus AF293. The gene was cloned and overexpressed in Escherichia coli, and the His6-fusion FgaPT1 was purified to near homogeneity and characterized biochemically. The enzyme was found to convert fumigaclavine A into fumigaclavine C by attaching a dimethylallyl moiety to C-2 of the indole nucleus in a "reverse" manner, that is, by connection of C-3 of the dimethylallyl moiety to an aromatic nucleus. FgaPT1 is a soluble, dimeric protein with a subunit size of 50 kDa. K m(app) values for fumigaclavine A and dimethylallyl diphosphate were determined to be 6 and 13 microM, respectively, while the turnover number was 0.8 s(-1). Metal ions such as Mg2+ and Ca2+ are not essential for the enzymatic activity. FgaPT1 showed relatively strict substrate specificity towards fumigaclavine A, with only dimethylallyl diphosphate being accepted as a donor under our conditions. FgaPT1 is the first reverse prenyltransferase from fungi to have been purified and characterized in homogenous form after heterologous overproduction. Surprisingly, it shows very low sequence similarity to the recently identified prenyltransferase LtxC from cyanobacteria, which also catalyzes the reverse prenylation of an indole nucleus.	1
Title: Whole-Genome Shotgun Assembly and Analysis of the Genome of Shiraia sp. Strain Slf14, a Novel Endophytic Fungus Producing Huperzine A and Hypocrellin A Abstract: Here, we report the draft genome sequence of Shiraia sp. strain Slf14 (China Center for Type Culture Collection [CCTCC] no. 209294), which is used to produce huperzine A and hypocrellin A. The genome sequence will allow for the characterization of the molecular mechanisms underlying its beneficial properties.	1
Title: Genetic organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the indolocarbazole K-252a in Nonomuraea longicatena JCM 11136 Abstract: Indolocarbazole metabolite K-252a is a natural product that was previously reported as a potent protein kinase C inhibitor with in vitro and in vivo potency. From a biosynthetic viewpoint, this compound possesses structurally interesting features such as an unusual furanosyl sugar moiety, which are absent in the well-studied staurosporine and rebeccamycin. A cosmid library from genomic DNA of Nonomuraea longicatena JCM 11136 was constructed and screened for the presence of genes to be involved in the biosynthesis of indolocarbazole K-252a. Using as a probe an internal fragment of vioB, a Chromobacterium violaceum gene encoding a multifunctional enzyme that catalyzes tryptophan decarboxylation and condensation reaction in violacein biosynthesis, we isolated a DNA region that directed the biosynthesis of K-252a when introduced into the heterologous expression host Streptomyces albus. Sequence analysis of 45 kb revealed genes for indolocarbazole core formation, glycosylation, and sugar methylation, as well as a regulatory gene and two resistance/secretion genes. The cloned genes should help to elucidate the molecular basis for indolocarbazole biosynthesis and generate new indolocarbazole analogues by genetic engineering.	1
Title: Molecular cloning, sequence analysis and functional characterization of the gene cluster for biosynthesis of K-252a and its analogs Abstract: Among the indolocarbazole alkaloids of antitumor antibiotics, K-252a represents a structurally unique indolocarbazole glycoside and exhibits potent neuroprotective and broad anticancer activities. K-252a consists of K-252c and the unusual dihydrostreptose moiety, linked together with oxidative and glycosidic C-N bonds. Herein, we reported a complete sequence of an approximately 45 kb genomic fragment harboring the gene cluster for the biosynthesis of indolocarbazole alkaloids in Nocardiopsis sp. K-252 (NRRL15532). The sequence of 35 open reading frames discovered several new, critical genes, hence shedding new light on biosynthesis, resistance and regulation of K-252a and its analogs. To functionally characterize the gene cluster in vitro and in enzyme level, a multigene expression cassette containing the K-252c biosynthetic genes was constructed and successfully overexpressed in Escherichia coli to yield soluble proteins for cell-free tandem enzymatic assays. Consequently, the heterologous expression with soluble NokA and NokB led to in vitro production of chromopyrrolic acid (CPA), thereby providing functional evidence for K-252c biosynthesis. Moreover, a facile production of CPA in culture broth was successfully accomplished by using an in vivo biotransformation of L-tryptophan with E. coli harboring the gene cassette. Importantly, by sequence analysis and the functional characterization here and in the companion paper, biosynthetic pathways leading to formation of K-252a and its analogs were hence proposed. Together, the results provide critical information and materials useful for combinatorial biosynthesis of K-252a and its analogs for therapeutic applications.	1
Title: Expressed sequence tags and genes associated with loline alkaloid expression by the fungal endophyte Neotyphodium uncinatum Abstract: Loline alkaloids (LA), which are 1-aminopyrrolizidines with an oxygen bridge, are produced by Epichloë (anamorph=Neotyphodium) species, endophytes of grasses. LA are insecticidal, thus, helping to protect host plants from insect herbivory. The objective of this study was to identify genes associated with LA biosynthesis. Suppression subtractive hybridization PCR was used to isolate transcripts up-regulated during LA production in cultures of Neotyphodium uncinatum. Subtracted cDNAs were cloned and a lambda-phage cDNA library from an LA-expressing N. uncinatum culture was screened with subtracted cDNA. In BLAST searches, several cDNAs identified had sequence similarities to aspartate kinases and another with O-acetylhomoserine-(thiol)lyase. Differential expression of these two genes in LA-producing cultures of N. uncinatum was confirmed and in a survey of 23 isolates from 21 Neotyphodium and Epichloë species these two genes strictly correlated with LA production. These findings open up the possibility for detailed studies on genes and enzymes involved in LA production.	1
Title: Gene clusters for insecticidal loline alkaloids in the grass-endophytic fungus Neotyphodium uncinatum Abstract: Loline alkaloids are produced by mutualistic fungi symbiotic with grasses, and they protect the host plants from insects. Here we identify in the fungal symbiont, Neotyphodium uncinatum, two homologous gene clusters (LOL-1 and LOL-2) associated with loline-alkaloid production. Nine genes were identified in a 25-kb region of LOL-1 and designated (in order) lolF-1, lolC-1, lolD-1, lolO-1, lolA-1, lolU-1, lolP-1, lolT-1, and lolE-1. LOL-2 contained the homologs lolC-2 through lolE-2 in the same order and orientation. Also identified was lolF-2, but its possible linkage with either cluster was undetermined. Most lol genes were regulated in N. uncinatum and N. coenophialum, and all were expressed concomitantly with loline-alkaloid biosynthesis. A lolC-2 RNA-interference (RNAi) construct was introduced into N. uncinatum, and in two independent transformants, RNAi significantly decreased lolC expression (P < 0.01) and loline-alkaloid accumulation in culture (P < 0.001) compared to vector-only controls, indicating involvement of lolC in biosynthesis of lolines. The predicted LolU protein has a DNA-binding site signature, and the relationships of other lol-gene products indicate that the pathway has evolved from various different primary and secondary biosynthesis pathways.	1
Title: Role of the LolP cytochrome P450 monooxygenase in loline alkaloid biosynthesis Abstract: The insecticidal loline alkaloids, produced by Neotyphodium uncinatum and related endophytes, are exo-1-aminopyrrolizidines with an ether bridge between C-2 and C-7. Loline alkaloids vary in methyl, acetyl, and formyl substituents on the 1-amine, which affect their biological activity. Enzymes for key loline biosynthesis steps are probably encoded by genes in the LOL cluster, which is duplicated in N. uncinatum, except for a large deletion in lolP2. The role of lolP1 was investigated by its replacement with a hygromycin B phosphotransferase gene. Compared to wild type N. uncinatum and an ectopic transformant, DeltalolP1 cultures had greatly elevated levels of N-methylloline (NML) and lacked N-formylloline (NFL). Complementation of DeltalolP1 with lolP1 under control of the Emericella nidulans trpC promoter restored NFL production. These results and the inferred sequence of LolP1 indicate that it is a cytochrome P450, catalyzing oxygenation of an N-methyl group in NML to the N-formyl group in NFL.	1
Title: Comparative analysis of the biosynthetic systems for fungal bicyclo[2.2.2]diazaoctane indole alkaloids: the (+)/(-)-notoamide, paraherquamide and malbrancheamide pathways Abstract: The biosynthesis of fungal bicyclo[2.2.2]diazaoctane indole alkaloids with a wide spectrum of biological activities have attracted increasing interest. Their intriguing mode of assembly has long been proposed to feature a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase, a presumed intramolecular Diels-Alderase, a variant number of prenyltransferases, and a series of oxidases responsible for the diverse tailoring modifications of their cyclodipeptide-based structural core. Until recently, the details of these biosynthetic pathways have remained largely unknown due to lack of information on the fungal derived biosynthetic gene clusters. Herein, we report a comparative analysis of four natural product metabolic systems of a select group of bicyclo[2.2.2]diazaoctane indole alkaloids including (+)/(-)-notoamide, paraherquamide and malbrancheamide, in which we propose an enzyme for each step in the biosynthetic pathway based on deep annotation and on-going biochemical studies.	1
Title: Characterization of an environmental DNA-derived gene cluster that encodes the bisindolylmaleimide methylarcyriarubin Abstract: Bisindolylmaleimides represent a naturally occurring class of metabolites that are of interest because of their protein kinase inhibition activity. From a metagenomic library constructed with soil DNA, we identified the four gene mar cluster, a bisindolylmaleimide gene cluster that encodes for methylarcyriarubin (1) production. Heterologous expression of the mar gene cluster in E. coli revealed that the Rieske dioxygenase MarC facilitates the oxidative decarboxylation of a chromopyrrolic acid (CPA) intermediate to yield the bisindolylmaleimide core. The characterization of the mar cluster defines a new role for CPA in the biosynthesis of structurally diverse bacterial tryptophan dimers.	1
Title: Molecular Basis for Spirocycle Formation in the Paraherquamide Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: The paraherquamides are potent anthelmintic natural products with complex heptacyclic scaffolds. One key feature of these molecules is the spiro-oxindole moiety that lends a strained three-dimensional architecture to these structures. The flavin monooxygenase PhqK was found to catalyze spirocycle formation through two parallel pathways in the biosynthesis of paraherquamides A and G. Two new paraherquamides (K and L) were isolated from a ΔphqK strain of Penicillium simplicissimum, and subsequent enzymatic reactions with these compounds generated two additional metabolites, paraherquamides M and N. Crystal structures of PhqK in complex with various substrates provided a foundation for mechanistic analyses and computational studies. While it is evident that PhqK can react with various substrates, reaction kinetics and molecular dynamics simulations indicated that the dioxepin-containing paraherquamide L is the favored substrate. Through this effort, we have elucidated a key step in the biosynthesis of the paraherquamides and provided a rationale for the selective spirocyclization of these powerful anthelmintic agents.	1
Title: Unusual acetylation-dependent reaction cascade in the biosynthesis of the pyrroloindole drug physostigmine Abstract: Physostigmine is a parasympathomimetic drug used to treat a variety of neurological disorders, including Alzheimer's disease and glaucoma. Because of its potent biological activity and unique pyrroloindole skeleton, physostigmine has been the target of many organic syntheses. However, the biosynthesis of physostigmine has been relatively understudied. In this study, we identified a biosynthetic gene cluster for physostigmine by genome mining. The 8.5 kb gene cluster encodes eight proteins (PsmA-H), seven of which are required for the synthesis of physostigmine from 5-hydroxytryptophan, as shown by in vitro total reconstitution. Further genetic and enzymatic studies enabled us to delineate the biosynthetic pathway for physostigmine. The pathway features an unusual reaction cascade consisting of highly coordinated methylation and acetylation/deacetylation reactions.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of the rebeccamycin L-amino acid oxidase from Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes ATCC 39243 Abstract: Rebeccamycin, a member of the tryptophan-derived indolocarbazole family, is produced by Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes ATCC 39243. The biosynthetic pathway that specifies biosynthesis of this important metabolite is comprised of 11 genes spanning 18 kb of DNA. A presumed early enzyme involved in elaboration of the rebeccamycin aglycone is encoded by rebO, located at the left-hand region of the reb gene cluster. The deduced protein product, RebO (51.9 kDa), is an L-amino acid oxidase (L-AAO) that has 27% identity to an L-AAO from Scomber japonicus (animal, mackerel) and is a member of the family of FAD-dependent oxidase enzymes. In order to study the biochemical properties of this key enzyme, the rebO gene was overexpressed and purified from Escherichia coli. Biochemical characterization showed that RebO is dimeric, with a molecular mass of approximately 101 kDa. Further analysis revealed that the enzyme contains a noncovalently bound FAD cofactor and is reoxidized at the expense of molecular oxygen by producing one molecule of hydrogen peroxide. Based on kinetic studies, RebO shows significant preference for 7-chloro-L-tryptophan, suggesting its likely role as the natural early pathway substrate. Furthermore, the native RebO enzyme has evident, albeit limited, flexibility as shown by bioconversion studies with unnatural substrates. This work provides the first analysis of a structural enzyme involved in construction of this important class of indolocarbazole natural products.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the antitumor rebeccamycin: characterization and generation of indolocarbazole derivatives Abstract: Rebeccamycin, a halogenated natural product of the indolocarbazole family, is produced by Saccharothrix aerocolonigenes ATCC39243. Several rebeccamycin analogues, which target DNA topoisomerase I or II, have already entered clinical trials as anticancer drugs. Using as a probe an internal fragment of ngt, a Saccharothrix aerocolonigenes gene encoding an indolocarbazole N-glycosyltransferase, we isolated a DNA region that directed the biosynthesis of rebeccamycin when introduced into Streptomyces albus. Sequence analysis of 25.6 kb revealed genes for indolocarbazole core formation, halogenation, glycosylation, and sugar methylation, as well as a regulatory gene and two resistance/secretion genes. Heterologous expression of subsets of these genes resulted in production of deschloro-rebeccamycin, 4'-demethyldeschloro-rebeccamycin, and deschloro-rebeccamycin aglycone. The cloned genes should help to elucidate the molecular basis for indolocarbazole biosynthesis and set the stage for the generation of novel indolocarbazole analogues by genetic engineering.	1
Title: Cloning of the staurosporine biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. TP-A0274 and its heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans Abstract: Staurosporine is a representative member of indolocarbazole antibiotics. The entire staurosporine biosynthetic and regulatory gene cluster spanning 20-kb was cloned from Streptomyces sp. TP-A0274 and sequenced. The gene cluster consists of 14 ORFs and the amino acid sequence homology search revealed that it contains three genes, staO, staD, and staP, coding for the enzymes involved in the indolocarbazole aglycone biosynthesis, two genes, staG and staN, for the bond formation between the aglycone and deoxysugar, eight genes, staA, staB, staE, staJ, staI, staK, staMA, and staMB, for the deoxysugar biosynthesis and one gene, staR is a transcriptional regulator. Heterologous gene expression of a 38-kb fragment containing a complete set of the biosynthetic genes for staurosporine cloned into pTOYAMAcos confirmed its role in staurosporine biosynthesis. Moreover, the distribution of the gene for chromopyrrolic acid synthase, the key enzyme for the biosynthesis of indolocarbazole aglycone, in actinomycetes was investigated, and rebD homologs were shown to exist only in the strains producing indolocarbazole antibiotics.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of rebeccamycin from Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes ATCC 39243 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for rebeccamycin, an indolocarbazole antibiotic, from Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes ATCC 39243 has 11 ORFs. To clarify their functions, mutants with rebG, rebD, rebC, rebP, rebM, rebR, rebH, rebT, or orfD2 disrupted were constructed, and the gene products were examined. rebP disruptants produced 11,11'-dichlorochromopyrrolic acid, found to be a biosynthetic intermediate by a bioconversion experiment. Other genes encoded N-glycosyltransferase (rebG), monooxygenase (rebC), methyltransferase (rebM), a transcriptional activator (rebR), and halogenase (rebH). rebT disruptants produced rebeccamycin as much as the wild strain, so rebT was probably not involved in rebeccamycin production. Biosynthetic genes of staurosporine, an another indolocarbazole antibiotic, were cloned from Streptomyces sp. TP-A0274. staO, staD, and staP were similar to rebO, rebD, and rebP, respectively, all of which are responsible for indolocarbazole biosynthesis, But a rebC homolog, encoding a putative enzyme oxidizing the C-7 site of pyrrole rings, was not found in the staurosporine biosynthetic gene cluster. These results suggest that indolocarbazole is constructed by oxidative decarboxylation of chromopyrrolic acid (11,11'-dichlorochromopyrrolic acid in rebeccamycin) generated from two molecules of tryptophan by coupling and that the oxidation state at the C-7 position depends on the additional enzyme(s) encoded by the biosynthetic genes.	1
Title: pTOYAMAcos, pTYM18, and pTYM19, actinomycete-Escherichia coli integrating vectors for heterologous gene expression Abstract: A novel shuttle integration cosmid vector (pTOYAMAcos), based on pKU402, and shuttle integration vectors (pTYM18 and pTYM19) were constructed for the cloning of actinomycete DNA and its heterologous expression. These vectors contain oriT of an IncP transmissible plasmid in order to transfer genes by conjugation from Escherichia coli to actinomycetes, and they also contain int derived from actinophage phiC31 in order to integrate site-specifically into the chromosomal DNA. pTOYAMAcos contains the lambdacos site to promote packaging of vectors containing 35 to approximately 45-kb DNA fragments into lambda particles. pTYM18 and pTYM19 contain kanamaycin and thiostrepton resistance genes, respectively, and have multiple cloning sites including EcoRI and HindIII sites, which are available for blue/white screening in E. coli. To demonstrate the utility of these vectors, we expressed the entire gene cluster for rebeccamycin biosynthesis from Lechevalieria aerocolonigenes using pTOYAMAcos and detected rebeccamycin production in transformed S. lividans. In addition, we demonstrated the utility of pTYM 19 in a gene-disruption complementation test. L. aerocolonigenes deltarebC strain, which is defective in rebeccamycin production because of a rebC deletion, was restored to rebeccamycin production by complemention by rebC cloned in pTYM 19.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450 homolog is responsible for C-N bond formation between aglycone and deoxysugar in the staurosporine biosynthesis of Streptomyces sp. TP-A0274 Abstract: The staurosporine biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. TP-A0274 consists of 15 sta genes. In the cluster, it was predicted that staN, which shows high similarity to cytochrome P450 is involved in C-N bond formation between the nitrogen at N-12 of aglycone and the carbon at C-5' of deoxysugar. The staN disruptant produced holyrine A instead of staurosporine. The structure of holyrine A is aglycone linking to 2,3,6-trideoxy-3-aminoaldohexose between N-13 and C-1' of deoxysugar. Holyrine A was converted to staurosporine by the staD disruptant. These results indicate that StaN, cytochrome P450 is responsible for C-N bond formation. This is the first example of C-N bond formation catalyzed by cytochrome P450. In addition, holyrine A was confirmed to be an intermediate of staurosporine biosynthesis, which suggests that the N- and O-methylation at C-3' and C-4' takes place after the formation of the C-N bond between C-5' and N-12 in the biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: The sequence of a 1.8-mb bacterial linear plasmid reveals a rich evolutionary reservoir of secondary metabolic pathways Abstract: Plasmids are mobile genetic elements that play a key role in the evolution of bacteria by mediating genome plasticity and lateral transfer of useful genetic information. Although originally considered to be exclusively circular, linear plasmids have also been identified in certain bacterial phyla, notably the actinomycetes. In some cases, linear plasmids engage with chromosomes in an intricate evolutionary interplay, facilitating the emergence of new genome configurations by transfer and recombination or plasmid integration. Genome sequencing of Streptomyces clavuligerus ATCC 27064, a Gram-positive soil bacterium known for its production of a diverse array of biotechnologically important secondary metabolites, revealed a giant linear plasmid of 1.8 Mb in length. This megaplasmid (pSCL4) is one of the largest plasmids ever identified and the largest linear plasmid to be sequenced. It contains more than 20% of the putative protein-coding genes of the species, but none of these is predicted to be essential for primary metabolism. Instead, the plasmid is densely packed with an exceptionally large number of gene clusters for the potential production of secondary metabolites, including a large number of putative antibiotics, such as staurosporine, moenomycin, beta-lactams, and enediynes. Interestingly, cross-regulation occurs between chromosomal and plasmid-encoded genes. Several factors suggest that the megaplasmid came into existence through recombination of a smaller plasmid with the arms of the main chromosome. Phylogenetic analysis indicates that heavy traffic of genetic information between Streptomyces plasmids and chromosomes may facilitate the rapid evolution of secondary metabolite repertoires in these bacteria.	1
Title: Species-specific secondary metabolite production in marine actinomycetes of the genus Salinispora Abstract: Here we report associations between secondary metabolite production and phylogenetically distinct but closely related marine actinomycete species belonging to the genus Salinispora. The pattern emerged in a study that included global collection sites, and it indicates that secondary metabolite production can be a species-specific, phenotypic trait associated with broadly distributed bacterial populations. Associations between actinomycete phylotype and chemotype revealed an effective, diversity-based approach to natural product discovery that contradicts the conventional wisdom that secondary metabolite production is strain specific. The structural diversity of the metabolites observed, coupled with gene probing and phylogenetic analyses, implicates lateral gene transfer as a source of the biosynthetic genes responsible for compound production. These results conform to a model of selection-driven pathway fixation occurring subsequent to gene acquisition and provide a rare example in which demonstrable physiological traits have been correlated to the fine-scale phylogenetic architecture of an environmental bacterial community.	1
Title: Molecular networking and pattern-based genome mining improves discovery of biosynthetic gene clusters and their products from Salinispora species Abstract: Genome sequencing has revealed that bacteria contain many more biosynthetic gene clusters than predicted based on the number of secondary metabolites discovered to date. While this biosynthetic reservoir has fostered interest in new tools for natural product discovery, there remains a gap between gene cluster detection and compound discovery. Here we apply molecular networking and the new concept of pattern-based genome mining to 35 Salinispora strains, including 30 for which draft genome sequences were either available or obtained for this study. The results provide a method to simultaneously compare large numbers of complex microbial extracts, which facilitated the identification of media components, known compounds and their derivatives, and new compounds that could be prioritized for structure elucidation. These efforts revealed considerable metabolite diversity and led to several molecular family-gene cluster pairings, of which the quinomycin-type depsipeptide retimycin A was characterized and linked to gene cluster NRPS40 using pattern-based bioinformatic approaches.	1
Title: Violacein and related tryptophan metabolites produced by Chromobacterium violaceum: biosynthetic mechanism and pathway for construction of violacein core Abstract: Violacein is a natural violet pigment produced by several gram-negative bacteria, including Chromobacterium violaceum, Janthinobacterium lividum, and Pseudoalteromonas tunicata D2, among others. This pigment has potential medical applications as antibacterial, anti-trypanocidal, anti-ulcerogenic, and anticancer drugs. The structure of violacein consists of three units: a 5-hydroxyindole, an oxindole, and a 2-pyrrolidone. The biosynthetic origins of hydrogen, nitrogen, and carbon in the pyrrolidone nucleus were established by feeding experiments using various stable isotopically labeled tryptophans (Trps). Pro-S hydrogen of CH(2) at the 3-position of Trp is retained during biosynthesis. The nitrogen atom is exclusively from the α-amino group, and the skeletal carbon atoms originate from the side chains of the two Trp molecules. All three oxygen atoms in the violacein core are derived from molecular oxygen. The most interesting biosynthetic mechanism is the 1,2-shift of the indole nucleus on the left side of the violacein scaffold. The alternative Trp molecule is directly incorporated into the right side of the violacein core. This indole shift has been observed only in violacein biosynthesis, despite the large number of natural products having been isolated. There were remarkable advances in biosynthetic studies in 2006-2008. During the 3 years, most of the intermediates and the complete pathway were established. Two independent processes are involved: the enzymatic process catalyzed by the five proteins VioABCDE or the alternative nonenzymatic oxidative decarboxylation reactions. The X-ray crystallographic structure of VioE that mediates the indole rearrangement reaction was recently identified, and the mechanism of the indole shift is discussed here.	1
Title: Novel tryptophan metabolites, chromoazepinone A, B and C, produced by a blocked mutant of Chromobacterium violaceum, the biosynthetic implications and the biological activity of chromoazepinone A and B Abstract: Chromobacterium violaceum produces tryptophan metabolites, purple pigments of violacein and deoxyviolacein. A blocked mutant was prepared with N-methyl-N'-nitrosoguanidine to gain insights into the biosynthetic mechanisms of the pigments. Five tryptophan metabolites were isolated: three novel compounds, named chromoazepinone A, B and C and two known compounds, chromopyrrolic acid and arcyriarubin A. The structure determinations of the three novel compounds are described. The biosynthetic pathways of these metabolites are proposed on the basis of the findings about violacein biosynthesis. Chromoazepinone A and B were found to have an interesting effect of inhibition of Wnt signal transcriptional activity, which is implicated in the formation of numerous tumors when aberrantly activated.	1
Title: Stable high level expression of the violacein indolocarbazole anti-tumour gene cluster and the Streptomyces lividans amyA gene in E. coli K12 Abstract: Previous studies showed that when pPSX-vioABCDE was used to transform E. coli K12 DH5alpha the strain retained the plasmid even after 100 generations of unselected growth but produced a low level of the anti-tumour antibiotic violacein. Markedly higher levels of violacein synthesis were obtained from E. coli K12 DH5alpha pUC18-vioABCDE and Sphingomonas sp. JMP4092 pPSX-vioABCDE. Unfortunately, both strains were extremely unstable regardless of presence or absence of antibiotic selection to retain the plasmid. The current study was undertaken to determine if strains of E. coli K12 could be isolated which stably over produce violacein. When a range of E. coli K12 strains were transformed with pPSX-vioABCDE, most produced small amounts of violacein. However, a small number of related strains of E. coli K12 JM101, JM105 and JM109 not only over-produced violacein, but also maintained the high stability. In addition, E. coli K12 JM109 strongly expressed an alpha amylase gene (amyA) from Streptomyces lividans indicating that the S. lividans amyA promoter is highly active in E. coli K12 JM109. In another set of experiments, a violacein overproduction mutation (opv-1) of the plasmid pPSX-vioABCDE was isolated which enabled E. coli K12 DH5alpha to overproduce violacein while retaining high stability. The plasmid pPSX-vioABCDEopv-1 possesses a single base pair deletion in the promoter region of the violacein operon. By combining the over producing strain E. coli K12 JM109 and the over producing plasmid pPSX-vioABCDEopv-1, a stable hyper producing strain (E. coli K12 JM109 pPSX-vioABCDEopv-1) was constructed. Finally, two additional stable vectors, pPSX10 and pPSX20, were constructed to facilitate subcloning and functional analysis studies.	1
Title: Anthranilate synthase subunit organization in Chromobacterium violaceum Abstract: Tryptophan is an aromatic amino acid used for protein synthesis and cellular growth. Chromobacterium violaceum ATCC 12472 uses two tryptophan molecules to synthesize violacein, a secondary metabolite of pharmacological interest. The genome analysis of this bacterium revealed that the genes trpA-F and pabA-B encode the enzymes of the tryptophan pathway in which the first reaction is the conversion of chorismate to anthranilate by anthranilate synthase (AS), an enzyme complex. In the present study, the organization and structure of AS protein subunits from C. violaceum were analyzed using bioinformatics tools available on the Web. We showed by calculating molecular masses that AS in C. violaceum is composed of alpha (TrpE) and beta (PabA) subunits. This is in agreement with values determined experimentally. Catalytic and regulatory sites of the AS subunits were identified. The TrpE and PabA subunits contribute to the catalytic site while the TrpE subunit is involved in the allosteric site. Protein models for the TrpE and PabA subunits were built by restraint-based homology modeling using AS enzyme, chains A and B, from Salmonella typhimurium (PDB ID 1I1Q).	1
Title: Biosynthesis of violacein: a genuine intermediate, protoviolaceinic acid, produced by VioABDE, and insight into VioC function Abstract: A biosynthetic intermediate of violacein produced by the mixed enzymes of VioABDE was elucidated to be 5-(5-hydroxy-1H-indol-3-yl)-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid, named protoviolaceinic acid, indicating that VioC, responsible for the final biosynthetic step, works to oxygenate at the 2-position of the right side indole ring, and that the oxygenation reaction to form the central pyrrolidone core proceeds in a non-enzymatic fashion.	1
Title: In vitro biosynthesis of violacein from L-tryptophan by the enzymes VioA-E from Chromobacterium violaceum Abstract: The purple chromobacterial pigment violacein arises by enzymatic oxidation and coupling of two molecules of l-tryptophan to give a rearranged pyrrolidone-containing scaffold in the final pigment. We have purified five contiguously encoded proteins VioA-E after expression in Escherichia coli and demonstrate the full 14-electron oxidation pathway to yield the final chromophore. The flavoenzyme VioA and the heme protein VioB work in conjunction to oxidize and dimerize l-tryptophan to a nascent product that can default to the off pathway metabolite chromopyrrolic acid. In the presence of VioE, the intermediate instead undergoes on-pathway [1,2] indole rearrangement to prodeoxyviolacein. The last two enzymes in the pathway are flavin-dependent oxygenases, VioC and VioD, that act sequentially. VioD hydroxylates one indole ring at the 5-position to yield proviolacein, and VioC then acts on the other indole ring at the 2-position to create the oxindole and complete violacein formation.	1
Title: Reevaluation of the violacein biosynthetic pathway and its relationship to indolocarbazole biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic pathways for violacein and for indolocarbazoles (rebeccamycin, staurosporine) include a decarboxylative fusion of two tryptophan units. However, in the case of violacein, one of the tryptophans experiences an unusual 1-->2 shift of the indole ring. The violacein biosynthetic gene cluster was previously reported to consist of four genes, vioABCD. Here we studied the violacein pathway through expression of vio genes in Escherichia coli and Streptomyces albus. A pair of genes (vioAB), responsible for the earliest steps in violacein biosynthesis, was functionally equivalent to the homologous pair in the indolocarbazole pathway (rebOD), directing the formation of chromopyrrolic acid. However, chromopyrrolic acid appeared to be a shunt product, not a violacein intermediate. In addition to vioABCD, a fifth gene (vioE) was essential for violacein biosynthesis, specifically for production of the characteristic 1-->2 shift of the indole ring. We also report new findings on the roles played by the VioC and VioD oxygenases, and on the origin of violacein derivatives of the chromoviridans type.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of violacein biosynthesis by Chromobacterium violaceum Abstract: Chromobacterium violaceum presents a distinctive phenotypic characteristic, the production of a deep violet pigment named violacein. Although the physiological function of this pigment is not well understood, the sequencing of the genome of this bacterium has given some insight into the mechanisms and control of violacein production. It was found that erythrose-4-phosphate (E4P), a precursor to aromatic amino acid biosynthesis, is produced by the non-oxidative portion of the hexose monophosphate pathway, since it lacks 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase. All genes leading from E4P plus phosphoenolpyruvate to tryptophan are present in the genome. Nevertheless, these genes are not organized in an operon, as in E. coli, indicating that other mechanisms are involved in expression. The sequencing data also indicated the presence and organization of an operon for violacein biosynthesis. Three of the four gene products of this operon presented similarity with nucleotide-dependent monooxygenases and one with a limiting enzyme polyketide synthase. As previously suggested, genes encoding proteins involved in quorum sensing control by N-hexanoyl-homoserine-lactone, an autoinducer signal molecule, are present in the bacterial genome. These data should help guide strategies to increase violacein biosynthesis, a potentially useful molecule.	1
Title: Chromobacterium violaceum: a review of pharmacological and industiral perspectives Abstract: Violet-pigmented bacteria, which have been described since the end of the 19th century, are occasionally the causative agent of septicemia and sometimes cause fatal infection in human and animals. Bacteria, producing violet colonies due to the production of a nondiffusible pigment violacein, were classified as a redefined genus Chromobacterium. Chromobacterium violaceum is gram-negative, and saprophyte from soil and water is normally considered nonpathogenic to human, but is an opportunistic pathogen of extreme virulence for human and animals. The biosynthesis and biological activities of violacein and the diverse effects of this pigment have been studied. Besides violacein, C. violaceum produces other antibiotics, such as aerocyanidin and aerocavin, which exhibit in vitro activity against both gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. 3,6-Dihydroxyindoxazene and Y-TO678h exhibit a selective activity against gram-negative bacteria. Arphamenine A and B, and FR901228, that enhanced immunoresponse, and potentiators of beta-lactam antibiotics and chelators such as ferrioxamine exhibit important clinical potential applications. Lipopolysaccharides and polyhydroxyesters together with several enzymes appear as important metabolites with biotechnological applications. Many of these metabolites were already studied at the genome level.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of a natural product biosynthetic gene cluster from eDNA Abstract: [reaction: see text] To study the natural products produced by uncultured microorganisms, an environmental DNA (eDNA) cosmid library was constructed and screened for the heterologous production of small molecules. A blue clone, CSL51, found in the eDNA library produces deoxyviolacein and the broad spectrum antibiotic violacein. The full sequence of the 6.7 kb eDNA violacein gene cluster and the characterization of violacein and deoxyviolacein from an eDNA clone are reported here.	1
Title: Sequence analysis and functional characterization of the violacein biosynthetic pathway from Chromobacterium violaceum Abstract: Violacein is a purple-colored, broad-spectrum antibacterial pigment that has a dimeric structure composed of 5-hydroxyindole, oxindole and 2-pyyrolidone subunits formed by the condensation of two modified tryptophan molecules. The violacein biosynthetic gene cluster from Chromobacterium violaceum was characterized by DNA sequencing, transposon mutagenesis, and chemical analysis of the pathway intermediates produced heterologously in Escherichia. coli. The violacein biosynthetic gene cluster spans eight kilobases and is comprised of the four genes, vioABCD, that are necessary for violacein production. Sequence analysis suggests that the products of vioA, vioC and vioD are nucleotide-dependent monooxygenases. Disruption of vioA or vioB completely abrogates the biosynthesis of violacein intermediates, while disruption of the vioC or vioD genes results in the production of violacein precursors.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of violacein: intact incorporation of the tryptophan molecule on the oxindole side, with intramolecular rearrangement of the indole ring on the 5-hydroxyindole side Abstract: Feeding experiments with a mixture of [2-13C]- and [indole-3-13C]tryptophans, of [3-13C]- and [indole-3-13 C]tryptophans (1:1 molar ratio) and of others have proved that the 1,2-shift of the indole ring occurred via an intramolecular process for formation of the left part (5-hydroxyindole side) of the violacein skeleton and demonstrated that the C-C bond from C2 of the indole ring to C2 of the side chain was completely retained for formation of the right part (oxindole side) during the entire biosynthetic process. Due to the involvement of transaminase, it has remained unresolved whether indolylpyruvic acid is the biosynthetic intermediate and/or from where the nitrogen atom of the pyrrolidone ring originates. An incorporation experiment with a mixture of [2-13C]- and [alpha-15N]tryptophans (1:1 molar ratio) verified that the nitrogen atom in the central ring was exclusively derived from the right-side tryptophan. Thus, all the carbon and nitrogen atoms in the right part of the violacein skeleton were constructed by intact incorporation of the tryptophan molecule, with decarboxylation probably occurring at a later biosynthetic stage.	1
Title: Pathway redesign for deoxyviolacein biosynthesis in Citrobacter freundii and characterization of this pigment Abstract: Violacein (Vio) is an important purple pigment with many potential bioactivities. Deoxyviolacein, a structural analog of Vio, is always synthesized in low concentrations with Vio in wild-type bacteria. Due to deoxyviolacein's low production and difficulties in isolation and purification, little has been learned regarding its function and potential applications. This study was the first effort in developing a stable and efficient biosynthetic system for producing pure deoxyviolacein. A recombinant plasmid with vioabce genes was constructed by splicing using an overlapping extension-polymerase chain reaction, based on the Vio-synthesizing gene cluster of vioabcde, originating from Duganella sp. B2, and was introduced into Citrobacter freundii. With the viod gene disrupted in the Vio synthetic pathway, Vio production was completely abolished and the recombinant C. freundii synthesized only deoxyviolacein. Interestingly, vioe gene expression was strongly stimulated in the viod-deleted recombinant strain, indicating that viod disruptions could potentially induce polar effects upon the downstream vioe gene within this small operon. Deoxyviolacein production by this strain reached 1.9 g/L in shaker flasks. The product exhibited significant acid/alkali and UV resistance as well as significant inhibition of hepatocellular carcinoma cell proliferation at low concentrations of 0.1-1 μM. These physical characteristics and antitumor activities of deoxyviolacein contribute to illuminating its potential applications.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and sequence analysis of the clorobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster: new insights into the biosynthesis of aminocoumarin antibiotics Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin was cloned by screening of a cosmid library of Streptomyces roseochromogenes DS 12.976 with two heterologous probes from the novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster. Sequence analysis revealed 27 ORFs with striking similarity to the biosynthetic gene clusters of novobiocin and coumermycin A(1). Inactivation of a putative aldolase gene, cloR, by in-frame deletion led to the abolishment of the production of clorobiocin. Feeding of the mutant with 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoic acid (Ring A of clorobiocin) restored clorobiocin production. Here, it is suggested that the formation of Ring A of clorobiocin may proceed via a retro-aldol reaction catalysed by CloR, i.e. by a mechanism different from the previously elucidated benzoic acid biosynthetic pathway in Streptomyces maritimus. A comparison of the gene clusters for clorobiocin, novobiocin and coumermycin A(1) showed that the structural differences between the three antibiotics were reflected remarkably well by differences in the organization of their respective biosynthetic gene clusters.	1
Title: Resistance genes of aminocoumarin producers: two type II topoisomerase genes confer resistance against coumermycin A1 and clorobiocin Abstract: The aminocoumarin resistance genes of the biosynthetic gene clusters of novobiocin, coumermycin A(1), and clorobiocin were investigated. All three clusters contained a gyrB(R) resistance gene, coding for a gyrase B subunit. Unexpectedly, the clorobiocin and the coumermycin A(1) clusters were found to contain an additional, similar gene, named parY(R). Its predicted gene product showed sequence similarity with the B subunit of type II topoisomerases. Expression of gyrB(R) and likewise of parY(R) in Streptomyces lividans TK24 resulted in resistance against novobiocin and coumermycin A(1), suggesting that both gene products are able to function as aminocoumarin-resistant B subunits of gyrase. Southern hybridization experiments showed that the genome of all three antibiotic producers and of Streptomyces coelicolor contained two additional genes which hybridized with either gyrB(R) or parY(R) and which may code for aminocoumarin-sensitive GyrB and ParY proteins. Two putative transporter genes, novA and couR5, were found in the novobiocin and the coumermycin A(1) cluster, respectively. Expression of these genes in S. lividans TK24 resulted in moderate levels of resistance against novobiocin and coumermycin A(1), suggesting that these genes may be involved in antibiotic transport.	1
Title: Clorobiocin biosynthesis in Streptomyces: identification of the halogenase and generation of structural analogs Abstract: Clorobiocin (clo) and novobiocin (nov) are potent inhibitors of bacterial DNA gyrase. The two substances differ in the substitution pattern at C-8' of the aminocoumarin ring, carrying a chlorine atom or a methyl group, respectively. By gene inactivation, clo-hal was identified as the gene of the halogenase responsible for the introduction of the chlorine atom of clorobiocin. Inactivation of cloZ did not affect clorobiocin formation, showing that this ORF is not essential for clorobiocin biosynthesis. Expression of the methyltransferase gene novO in the clo-hal(-) mutant led to the very efficient formation of a hybrid antibiotic containing a methyl group instead of a chlorine atom at C-8'. Comparison of the antibacterial activity of clorobiocin analogs with -Cl, -H, or -CH(3) at C-8' showed that chlorine leads to 8-fold higher activity than hydrogen and to 2-fold higher activity than a methyl group.	1
Title: Metabolic engineering of aminocoumarins: inactivation of the methyltransferase gene cloP and generation of new clorobiocin derivatives in a heterologous host Abstract: Aminocoumarin antibiotics are highly potent inhibitors of bacterial gyrase and represent a class of antibiotics that are very suitable for the generation of new compounds by metabolic engineering. In this study, the putative methyltransferase gene cloP in the biosynthetic gene cluster of clorobiocin was inactivated. Expression of the modified gene cluster in the heterologous host Streptomyces coelicolor M512 gave three new aminocoumarin antibiotics. The structures of the new compounds were elucidated by MS and 1H NMR, and their antibacterial activities were determined. All three compounds lacked clorobiocin's methyl group at 4-OH of the deoxysugar moiety, noviose. They differed from each other in the position of the 5-methylpyrrole-2-carbonyl group, which was found to be attached to either 2-OH, 3-OH or 4-OH of noviose. Attachment at 4-OH resulted in the highest antibacterial activity. This is the first time that an aminocoumarin antibiotic acylated at 4-OH in noviose has been detected.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of novobiocin and clorobiocin biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: A method was developed for the heterologous expression of biosynthetic gene clusters in different Streptomyces strains and for the modification of these clusters by single or multiple gene replacements or gene deletions with unprecedented speed and versatility. Lambda-Red-mediated homologous recombination was used for genetic modification of the gene clusters, and the attachment site and integrase of phage phiC31 were employed for the integration of these clusters into the heterologous hosts. This method was used to express the gene clusters of the aminocoumarin antibiotics novobiocin and clorobiocin in the well-studied strains Streptomyces coelicolor and Streptomyces lividans, which, in contrast to the natural producers, can be easily genetically manipulated. S. coelicolor M512 derivatives produced the respective antibiotic in yields comparable to those of natural producer strains, whereas S. lividans TK24 derivatives were at least five times less productive. This method could also be used to carry out functional investigations. Shortening of the cosmids' inserts showed which genes are essential for antibiotic production.	1
Title: Characterization of the formation of the pyrrole moiety during clorobiocin and coumermycin A1 biosynthesis Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotics clorobiocin and coumermycin A(1) target the B subunit of DNA gyrase by presentation of the 5-methyl-pyrrolyl-2-carboxy ester moiety in the ATP-binding site of the enzyme. The pyrrolyl pharmacophore is derived by a four electron oxidation of a prolyl unit while tethered in phosphopantetheinyl thioester linkage to a peptidyl carrier protein (PCP) subunit. l-Proline is selected and activated as l-prolyl-AMP by adenylation domain enzymes (CloN4 and CouN4) and then installed as the thioester on the holo form of the PCP proteins CloN5 and CouN5. Enzymatic oxidation of the prolyl-S-PCP by the flavoprotein dehydrogenase CloN3 can be followed by rapid quench and subsequent electrospray ionization-Fourier transform mass spectrometry analysis of the acyl-S-protein substrate/product mixture to establish that a two-electron oxidized pyrrolinyl-S-enzyme transiently accumulates on the way to the four-electron oxidized, heteroaromatic pyrrolyl-2-carboxy-S-PCP acyl enzyme product.	1
Title: CloN2, a novel acyltransferase involved in the attachment of the pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety to the deoxysugar of clorobiocin Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin contains a 5-methylpyrrole-2-carboxylic acid unit, attached via an ester bond to the 3-OH group of the deoxysugar moiety. To investigate candidate genes responsible for the formation of this ester bond, a gene inactivation experiment was carried out in the clorobiocin producer Streptomyces roseochromogenes var. oscitans DS 12.976. An in-frame deletion was created in the coding sequence of the gene cloN2. The production of secondary metabolites in the wild-type and in the cloN2 mutant was analysed. The wild-type showed clorobiocin as the main product, whereas the cloN2 mutant accumulated a new aminocoumarin derivative, novclobiocin 104, lacking the pyrrole moiety at the 3-OH of the deoxysugar. In addition, free pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid accumulated in the culture extract of the cloN2 mutant. The structures of the metabolites were confirmed by NMR and LC-MS analysis. Clorobiocin production was successfully restored in the cloN2 mutant by introducing a replicative plasmid containing the cloN2 sequence. These results prove an involvement of cloN2 in the formation of the ester bond between the pyrrole moiety and the deoxysugar in clorobiocin biosynthesis. Furthermore, they indicate that the C-methylation at position 5 of the pyrrole moiety occurs after the attachment of pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid unit to the deoxysugar moiety.	1
Title: CloN6, a novel methyltransferase catalysing the methylation of the pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety of clorobiocin Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin contains a 5-methylpyrrole-2-carboxylic acid unit. This pyrrole unit is derived from L-proline, and it would be expected that its 5-methyl group should be introduced by a methylation reaction. However, sequence analysis of the clorobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster did not reveal a gene with sequence similarity to the SAM-dependent methyltransferases that could be assigned to this reaction. This study, however, has provided evidence that the gene cloN6 is involved in this methylation reaction. Its gene product CloN6 shares conserved sequence motifs with the recently identified radical SAM protein superfamily, and it has been suggested that members of this family can catalyse methylcobalamin-dependent methylation reactions. cloN6 was inactivated in the clorobiocin producer Streptomyces roseochromogenes var. oscitans DS 12.976 by use of the PCR-targeting method. The cloN6(-) mutants accumulated, instead of clorobiocin, a derivative lacking the 5"'-methyl group of the pyrrole moiety (termed novclobiocin 109). A structural isomer carrying the pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety at 2"-OH rather than at the 3"-OH of the deoxysugar (novclobiocin 110), and a derivative completely lacking the pyrrole unit (novclobiocin 104) were also identified. The structures of the metabolites were confirmed by NMR and MS analysis. Antibacterial activity tests against Bacillus subtilis showed that novclobiocin 109 and novclobiocin 110 have antibacterial activities about eight times less than that of clorobiocin, whereas novclobiocin 104 showed no activity under the test conditions.	1
Title: CloR, a bifunctional non-heme iron oxygenase involved in clorobiocin biosynthesis Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotics novobiocin and clorobiocin contain a 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoate (3DMA-4HB) moiety. The biosynthesis of this moiety has now been identified by biochemical and molecular biological studies. CloQ from the clorobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces roseochromogenes DS 12976 has recently been identified as a 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate-3-dimethylallyltransferase. In the present study, the enzyme CloR was overexpressed in Escherichia coli, purified, and identified as a bifunctional non-heme iron oxygenase, which converts 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate (3DMA-4HPP) via 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxymandelic acid (3DMA-4HMA) to 3DMA-4HB by two consecutive oxidative decarboxylation steps. In 18O2 labeling experiments we showed that two oxygen atoms are incorporated into the intermediate 3DMA-4HMA in the first reaction step, but only one further oxygen is incorporated into the final product 3DMA-4HB during the second reaction step. CloR does not show sequence similarity to known oxygenases. It apparently presents a novel member of the diverse family of the non-heme iron (II) and alpha-ketoacid-dependent oxygenases, with 3DMA-4HPP functioning both as an alpha-keto acid and as a hydroxylation substrate. The reaction catalyzed by CloR represents a new pathway for the formation of benzoic acids in nature.	1
Title: Effects of deletions of mbtH-like genes on clorobiocin biosynthesis in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: In the biosynthetic gene cluster of the aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin, the small ORF cloY encodes a 71 aa protein which shows significant sequence similarity to mbtH from the mycobactin biosynthetic gene cluster of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. mbtH-like genes are frequently found in the biosynthetic gene clusters of peptide antibiotics and siderophores, but their function has remained enigmatic. In a recent publication it has been suggested that these genes may have no function for secondary metabolite biosynthesis. An in-frame deletion of cloY in the clorobiocin cluster has now been carried out. When the modified cluster was expressed in the heterologous host Streptomyces coelicolor M512, clorobiocin was still formed. However, when the two further mbtH-like genes from elsewhere in the host genome were inactivated as well, clorobiocin formation was reduced dramatically. Complementation with cloY or with any of three other mbtH-like genes restored clorobiocin formation. This is the first report proving the requirement of an mbtH-like gene for secondary metabolite formation, and the first proof that different mbtH-like genes can functionally replace each other. Feeding of an mbtH-defective triple mutant strain with an intact 3-amino-4,7-dihydroxy-coumarin moiety restored antibiotic production, showing that cloY is specifically required for the formation of this moiety of the clorobiocin molecule.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of clorobiocin: investigation of the transfer and methylation of the pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl moiety Abstract: Clorobiocin is an aminocoumarin antibiotic containing a 5-methylpyrrolyl-2-carboxyl moiety, attached by an ester bond to a deoxysugar. This pyrrolyl moiety is important for the binding of the antibiotic to its biological target, the B subunit of gyrase. Inactivation experiments had shown that two putative acyl carrier proteins, CloN5 and CloN1, and two putative acyl transferases, CloN2 and CloN7, are involved in the transfer of the pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl moiety to the deoxysugar. In this study, pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl-N-acetylcysteamine thioester was synthesized and fed to cloN1 ( - ), cloN2 ( - ) and cloN7 ( - ) mutants, and secondary metabolite formation was analyzed by HPLC and HPLC-MS. Transfer of the pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl moiety was observed in the cloN1 ( - ) and cloN2 ( - ) mutants, but not in the cloN7 ( - ) mutant, suggesting that CloN7 is responsible for this reaction. The product of this transfer, novclobiocin 109, was not further methylated to the 5-methylpyrrolyl-2-carboxyl compound, i.e. clorobiocin, suggesting that methylation does not take place after the acyl transfer. Additional investigations for the presence of 5-methylpyrrolyl-2-carboxylic acid in the mutants, and inactivation experiments with the methyltransferase gene cloN6, suggested that methylation by CloN6 and acyl transfer by CloN7 take place in a concerted fashion, requiring the presence of both proteins for efficient product formation. A mechanism for the methylation/acyl transfer process in the late steps of clorobiocin biosynthesis, involving CloN1, CloN2, CloN5, CloN6 and CloN7 is suggested.	1
Title: Crystallization and preliminary X-ray analysis of the aromatic prenyltransferase CloQ from the clorobiocin biosynthetic cluster of Streptomyces roseochromogenes Abstract: Crystals of recombinant CloQ (subunit MW = 35 626 Da; 324 amino acids), an aromatic prenyltransferase from Streptomyces roseochromogenes, were grown by vapour diffusion. The protein crystallizes in space group I4(1)22, with unit-cell parameters a = b = 135.19, c = 98.13 A. Native data from a single crystal were recorded to a resolution of 2.2 A in-house. Preliminary analysis of these data indicated that the asymmetric unit corresponds to a monomer, giving an estimated solvent content of 60.6%. CloQ is involved in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin, which targets the essential bacterial enzyme DNA gyrase.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the unusual 5,5-gem-dimethyl-deoxysugar noviose: investigation of the C-methyltransferase gene cloU Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin contains an unusual branched deoxysugar with a 5,5-gem-dimethyl structure. Inactivation of the putative C-methyltransferase gene cloU was carried out, which led to the loss of the axial methyl group at C-5 of this deoxysugar moiety. This result establishes the function of cloU, and at the same time it proves that the biosynthesis of the deoxysugar moiety of clorobiocin proceeds via a 3,5-epimerization of the dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxyglucose intermediate. The inactivation was carried out on a cosmid which contained the entire clorobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster. Expression of the modified cluster in a heterologous host led to the formation of desmethyl-clorobiocin and a structural isomer thereof. Both compounds were isolated on a preparative scale, their structures were elucidated by 1H-NMR and mass spectroscopy and their antibacterial activity was assayed.	1
Title: Installation of the pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl pharmacophore by CouN1 and CouN7 in the late biosynthetic steps of the aminocoumarin antibiotics clorobiocin and coumermycin A1 Abstract: The 5-methyl-2-pyrrolylcarbonyl moiety of the aminocoumarin antibiotics clorobiocin and coumermycin A1 is the key pharmacophore for targeting the ATP-binding site of GyrB for inhibition of the bacterial type-II topoisomerase DNA gyrase. During the late stage of clorobiocin and coumermycin A1 biosynthesis, the pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl group is transferred from the peptidyl carrier proteins Clo/CouN1 to the 3'-hydroxyl of the 4-methoxy-L-noviosyl scaffold by the action of the acyltransferases Clo/CouN7. CouN1 and CouN7 have now been heterologously expressed and purified from Escherichia coli. The apo form of CouN1 is converted to the acyl-holo form by loading with pyrrolyl-2-carboxyl-S-pantetheinyl moieties from synthetic pyrrolyl- and 5-methylpyrrolyl-CoAs by the action of the phosphopantetheinyl transferase Sfp. CouN7 acts as an acyltransferase, moving the pyrrole acyl moieties from CouN1 to the noviose sugar of descarbamoylnovobiocin. When the 5-methylpyrrolyl-2-carboxyl-thioester of CouN1 is the cosubstrate, the in vitro product differs from clorobiocin only in a CH3 for Cl group change on the coumarin ring. Double transfer of this acyl moiety by CouN7 to the penultimate intermediate in coumermycin A1 assembly completes that antibiotic biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Acyl transfer in clorobiocin biosynthesis: involvement of several proteins in the transfer of the pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety to the deoxysugar Abstract: Clorobiocin is an aminocoumarin antibiotic containing a pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety, attached through an ester bond to a deoxysugar. The pyrrole moiety is important for the binding of the antibiotic to its biological target, gyrase. The complete biosynthetic gene cluster for clorobiocin has been cloned and sequenced from the natural producer, Streptomyces roseochromogenes DS 12.976. In this study, the genes cloN1 and cloN7 were deleted separately from a cosmid containing the complete clorobiocin cluster. The modified cosmids were introduced into the genome of the heterologous host Streptomyces coelicolor M512 by using the integration functions of the PhiC31 phage. While a heterologous producer strain harbouring the intact clorobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster accumulated clorobiocin, the cloN1- and cloN7-defective integration mutants accumulated a clorobiocin derivative that lacked the pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety, while also producing free pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid. The structures of these metabolites were confirmed by NMR and MS analysis. These results showed that CloN1 and CloN7, together with the previously investigated CloN2, are involved in the transfer of the pyrrole-2-carboxyl moiety to the deoxysugar of clorobiocin. A possible mechanism for the role of these three proteins in the acyl-transfer process is suggested.	1
Title: Chemoenzymatic formation of novel aminocoumarin antibiotics by the enzymes CouN1 and CouN7 Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotics novobiocin, clorobiocin, and coumermycin A1 are highly potent inhibitors of the bacterial type II topoisomerase DNA gyrase. The key pharmacophore of both clorobiocin and coumermycin A1, the 5-methyl-2-pyrrolylcarbonyl moiety, targets the ATP-binding site of GyrB. The 5-methyl-2-pyrrolylcarbonyl group is transferred by the acyltransferases Clo/CouN7 from the carrier proteins Clo/CouN1 to the 3'-hydroxyl of the l-noviosyl scaffold during the late steps of clorobiocin and coumermycin A1 biosynthesis. We first examined the substrate specificity of the purified thiolation domain protein CouN1 in becoming primed by the phosphopantetheinyltransferase Sfp using a variety of synthetic CoA analogues of the 5-methyl-2-pyrrolylcarbonyl moiety. The acyl-S-CouN1 thioesters were then assayed as donors to the 3'-OH group of descarbamoylnovobiocin by the acyltransferase CouN7, resulting in 21 novel variants with heterocyclic acyl groups installed on the noviosyl moiety of the aminocoumarin scaffold. Scaleup of a 5-methylthiophene derivative yielded a compound with activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. The minimal inhibitory concentration found for the Gram-positive bacteria was comparable to that of novobiocin.	1
Title: Draft Genome Sequence of Streptomyces roseochromogenes subsp. oscitans DS 12.976, Producer of the Aminocoumarin Antibiotic Clorobiocin Abstract: Streptomyces roseochromogenes subsp. oscitans DS 12.976 is the producer of the gyrase-inhibiting aminocoumarin antibiotic clorobiocin. Here, we present a draft genome sequence of this strain, in which we identified the clorobiocin gene cluster as well as an unusually high number (43) of further putative secondary metabolite clusters.	1
Title: Role of MbtH-like proteins in the adenylation of tyrosine during aminocoumarin and vancomycin biosynthesis Abstract: MbtH-like proteins consist of ∼70 amino acids and are encoded in the biosynthetic gene clusters of non-ribosomally formed peptides and other secondary metabolites derived from amino acids. Recently, several MbtH-like proteins have been shown to be required for the adenylation of amino acid in non-ribosomal peptide synthesis. We now investigated the role of MbtH-like proteins in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotics novobiocin, clorobiocin, and simocyclinone D8 and of the glycopeptide antibiotic vancomycin. The tyrosine-adenylating enzymes CloH, SimH, and Pcza361.18, involved in the biosynthesis of clorobiocin, simocyclinone D8, and vancomycin, respectively, required the presence of MbtH-like proteins in a 1:1 molar ratio, forming heterotetrameric complexes. In contrast, NovH, involved in novobiocin biosynthesis, showed activity in the absence of MbtH-like proteins. Comparison of the active centers of CloH and NovH showed only one amino acid to be different, i.e. Leu-383 versus Met-383. Mutation of this amino acid in CloH (L383M) indeed led to MbtH-independent adenylating activity. All investigated tyrosine-adenylating enzymes exhibited remarkable promiscuity for MbtH-like proteins from different pathways and organisms. YbdZ, the MbtH-like protein from the expression host Escherichia coli, was found to bind to adenylating enzymes during expression and to influence their biochemical properties markedly. Therefore, the use of ybdZ-deficient expression hosts is important in biochemical studies of adenylating enzymes.	1
Title: Structure and mechanism of the magnesium-independent aromatic prenyltransferase CloQ from the clorobiocin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: CloQ is an aromatic prenyltransferase from the clorobiocin biosynthetic pathway of Streptomyces roseochromogenes var. oscitans. It is involved in the synthesis of the prenylated hydroxybenzoate moiety of the antibiotic, specifically catalyzing the attachment of a dimethylallyl moiety to 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate. Herein, we report the crystal structure of CloQ and use it as a framework for interpreting biochemical data from both wild-type and variant proteins. CloQ belongs to the aromatic prenyltransferase family, which is characterized by an unusual core fold comprising five consecutive ααββ elements that form a central 10-stranded anti-parallel β-barrel. The latter delineates a solvent-accessible cavity where substrates bind and catalysis takes place. This cavity has well-defined polar and nonpolar regions, which have distinct roles in substrate binding and facilitate a Friedel-Crafts-type mechanism. We propose that the juxtaposition of five positively charged residues in the polar region circumvents the necessity for a Mg(2+), which, by contrast, is a strict requirement for the majority of prenyltransferases characterized to date. Our structure of CloQ complexed with 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate reveals the formation of a covalent link between the substrate and Cys215 to yield a thiohemiketal species. Through site-directed mutagenesis, we show that this link is not essential for enzyme activity in vitro. Furthermore, we demonstrate that CloQ will accept alternative substrates and, therefore, has the capacity to generate a range of prenylated compounds. Since prenylation is thought to enhance the bioactivity of many natural products, CloQ offers considerable promise as a biocatalyst for the chemoenzymatic synthesis of novel compounds with therapeutic potential.	1
Title: Methyltransferase genes in Streptomyces rishiriensis: new coumermycin derivatives from gene-inactivation experiments Abstract: The coumarin antibiotic coumermycin A(1) contains at least eight methyl groups, presumably derived from S-adenosylmethionine. Two putative methyltransferase genes, couO and couP, of the coumermycin A(1) biosynthetic gene cluster were inactivated by in-frame deletion. In the resulting mutants, coumermycin A(1) production was abolished. New coumermycin derivatives were accumulated instead, and were identified by HPLC-MS using selected reaction monitoring via electrospray ionization. couO mutants accumulated a coumermycin derivative lacking the methyl groups at C-8 of the characteristic aminocoumarin rings, whereas in the couP mutant a coumermycin derivative lacking the methyl groups at the 4-hydroxyl groups of the two deoxysugar moieties was identified. These results provided evidence that couO encodes a C-methyltransferase responsible for the transfer of a methyl group to C-8 of the aminocoumarin ring, and couP an O-methyltransferase for methylation of 4-OH of the sugar in the biosynthesis of coumermycin A(1), respectively. C-methylation of the aminocoumarin ring is considered as an early step of coumermycin biosynthesis. Nevertheless, the intermediates with the non-methylated aminocoumarin ring were accepted by the enzymes catalysing the subsequent steps of the pathway. The new, demethylated secondary metabolites were produced in an amount at least as high as that of coumermycin A(1) in the wild-type.	1
Title: Identification of the coumermycin A(1) biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces rishiriensis DSM 40489 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aminocoumarin antibiotic coumermycin A(1) was cloned by screening of a cosmid library of Streptomyces rishiriensis DSM 40489 with heterologous probes from a dTDP-glucose 4,6-dehydratase gene, involved in deoxysugar biosynthesis, and from the aminocoumarin resistance gyrase gene gyrB(r). Sequence analysis of a 30.8-kb region upstream of gyrB(r) revealed the presence of 28 complete open reading frames (ORFs). Fifteen of the identified ORFs showed, on average, 84% identity to corresponding ORFs in the biosynthetic gene cluster of novobiocin, another aminocoumarin antibiotic. Possible functions of 17 ORFs in the biosynthesis of coumermycin A(1) could be assigned by comparison with sequences in GenBank. Experimental proof for the function of the identified gene cluster was provided by an insertional gene inactivation experiment, which resulted in an abolishment of coumermycin A(1) production.	1
Title: Assembly of dimeric variants of coumermycins by tandem action of the four biosynthetic enzymes CouL, CouM, CouP, and NovN Abstract: Coumermycin A(1) is a member of the aminocoumarin family of antibiotics. Unlike its structural relatives, novobiocin and clorobiocin, coumermycin A(1) is a dimer built on a 3-methyl-2,4-dicarboxypyrrole scaffold and bears two decorated noviose sugar components which are the putative target binding motifs for DNA gyrase. Starting with this scaffold, we have utilized the ligase CouL for mono- and bisamide formation with aminocoumarins to provide substrates for the glycosyltransferase CouM. CouM was subsequently shown to catalyze mono- and bisnoviosylation of the resulting CouL products. CouP was shown to possess 4'-O-methyltransferase activity on products from tandem CouL, CouM assays. A fourth enzyme, NovN, the 3'-O-carbamoyltransferase from the novobiocin operon, was then able to carbamoylate either or both arms of the CouP product. The tandem action of CouL, CouM, CouP, and NovN thus generates a biscarbamoyl analogue of the pseudodimer coumermycin A(1). Starting from alternative dicarboxy scaffolds, these four enzymes can be utilized in tandem to create additional variants of dimeric aminocoumarin antibiotics.	1
Title: Identification of a topoisomerase IV in actinobacteria: purification and characterization of ParYR and GyrBR from the coumermycin A1 producer Streptomyces rishiriensis DSM 40489 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene clusters of the gyrase inhibitors coumermycin A(1) and clorobiocin contain two different resistance genes (gyrB(R) and parY(R)). Both genes code for B subunits of type II topoisomerases. The authors have now overexpressed and purified the encoded proteins, as well as the corresponding A subunits GyrA and ParX. Expression was carried out in Streptomyces lividans in the form of hexahistidine fusion proteins, allowing purification by nickel affinity chromatography. The complex of GyrA and GyrB(R) was found to catalyse ATP-dependent supercoiling of DNA, i.e. to function as a gyrase, whereas the complex of ParX and ParY(R) catalysed ATP-dependent decatenation and relaxation, i.e. the functions of topoisomerase IV (topo IV). This is believed to represent the first topo IV identified in the class of actinobacteria, and the first demonstration of the formation of a topo IV as a resistance mechanism of an antibiotic producer.	1
Title: In vitro and in vivo production of new aminocoumarins by a combined biochemical, genetic, and synthetic approach Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotics clorobiocin, novobiocin, and coumermycin A(1) are inhibitors of bacterial gyrase. Their chemical structures contain amide bonds, formed between an aminocoumarin ring and an aromatic acyl component, which is 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoate in the case of novobiocin and clorobiocin. These amide bonds are formed under catalysis of the gene products of cloL, novL, and couL, respectively. We first examined the substrate specificity of the purified amide synthetases CloL, NovL, and CouL for the various analogs of the prenylated benzoate moiety. We then generated new aminocoumarin antibiotics by feeding synthetic analogs of the 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoate moiety to a mutant strain defective in the biosynthesis of the prenylated benzoate moiety. This resulted in the formation of 32 new aminocoumarin compounds. The structures of these compounds were elucidated using FAB-MS and (1)H-NMR spectroscopy.	1
Title: An unusual amide synthetase (CouL) from the coumermycin A1 biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces rishiriensis DSM 40489 Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotic coumermycin A1 produced by Streptomyces rishiriensis DSM 40489 contains two amide bonds. The biosynthetic gene cluster of coumermycin contains a putative amide synthetase gene, couL, encoding a protein of 529 amino acids. CouL was overexpressed as hexahistidine fusion protein in Escherichia coli and purified by metal affinity chromatography, resulting in a nearly homogenous protein. CouL catalysed the formation of both amide bonds of coumermycin A1, i.e. between the central 3-methylpyrrole-2,4-dicarboxylic acid and two aminocoumarin moieties. Gel exclusion chromatography showed that the enzyme is active as a monomer. The activity was strictly dependent on the presence of ATP and Mn2+ or Mg2+. The apparent Km values were determined as 26 micro m for the 3-methylpyrrole-2,4-dicarboxylic acid and 44 micro m for the aminocoumarin moiety, respectively. Several analogues of the pyrrole dicarboxylic acid were accepted as substrates. In contrast, pyridine carboxylic acids were not accepted. 3-Dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoic acid, the acyl component in novobiocin biosynthesis, was well accepted, despite its structural difference from the genuine acyl substrate of CouL.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of the biosynthesis of the pyrrole and carbamoyl moieties of coumermycin A1 and novobiocin Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotic coumermycin A(1) contains a central and two terminal pyrrole moieties. The coumermycin gene cluster in Streptomyces rishiriensis contains three genes (couN3, couN4 and couN5) that show sequence similarity to genes involved in the biosynthesis of the pyrrole moieties of pyoluteorin in Pseudomonas fluorescens and of undecylprodiginine in S. coelicolor. The gene couN3, which codes for a putative L-prolyl-S-PCP dehydrogenase, and the gene couN4, which encodes a putative L-prolyl-AMP ligase, were disrupted using in-frame deletion and insertional inactivation, respectively. HPLC analysis of culture extracts showed that formation of the two terminal pyrrole moieties was abolished in the couN3 (-) und couN4 (-) mutants. The mutants accumulated coumermycin D, which contains only the central pyrrole moiety. This result not only confirmed the involvement of couN3 and couN4 in the biosynthesis of the terminal pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid moieties of coumermycin A(1), but also indicated, for the first time, that the central 3-methylpyrrole-2,4-dicarboxylic acid unit of the coumermycins is formed by a biosynthetic pathway that differs from that used to assemble the terminal pyrrole moieties. novN, a putative carbamoyl transferase gene from the gene cluster for novobiocin biosynthesis in S. spheroides was expressed in the couN3 (-) mutant. This led to the formation of bis-carbamoylated coumermycin D, a novel compound of the coumermycin series.	1
Title: CouO and NovO: C-methyltransferases for tailoring the aminocoumarin scaffold in coumermycin and novobiocin antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: During the biosynthesis of the streptomycete aminocoumarin antibiotics novobiocin and the dimeric coumermycin A(1), the bicyclic coumarin scaffold is C-methylated adjacent to the phenolic oxygen. The SAM-dependent C-methyltransferases NovO and CouO have been heterologously expressed and purified from Escherichia coli and shown to act after the aminocoumarin ring has been constructed by prior action of Nov/CouHIJK. Neither C-methyltransferase works on the tyrosyl-derived S-pantetheinyl intermediates tethered to NovH or on the subsequently released free aminocoumarin. NovL ligates the aminocoumarin to prenylhydroxybenzoate to yield novobiocic acid, which is the substrate for NovO before it is O-glycosylated by NovM. In coumermycin assembly, the corresponding ligase CouL makes the bis-amide by tandem ligation of two aminocoumarins to a dicarboxypyrrole. CouO works on both the mono- and bis-amides for mono- and di-C-methylation adjacent to the phenolic hydroxyl before it is glycosylated by CouM. Thus, the specific timing of C-methylation in the aminocoumarin antibiotic pathways is established.	1
Title: Assembly and heterologous expression of the coumermycin A1 gene cluster and production of new derivatives by genetic engineering Abstract: Many secondary metabolites of clinical importance have been isolated from different Streptomyces species. As most of the natural producers remain difficult to handle genetically, heterologous expression of an entire biosynthetic gene cluster in a well characterised host allows improved possibilities for modifications of the desired compound by manipulation of the biosynthetic genes. However, the large size of a functional gene cluster often prevents its direct cloning into a single cosmid clone. Here we describe a successful strategy to assemble the entire coumermycin A1 biosynthetic gene cluster (38.6 kb) into a single cosmid clone by lambda RED recombination technology. Heterologous expression of the reconstituted gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M512 resulted in the heterologous production of coumermycin A1. Inactivation of the methyltransferase gene couO--responsible for the C-methylation at the 8-positions of the aminocoumarin moieties in coumermycin A1--and heterologous expression of the modified cluster resulted in an accumulation of a C-8-unsubstituted coumermycin A1 derivative. Subsequent expression of the halogenase gene clo-hal from the clorobiocin gene cluster in the heterologous producer strain led to the formation of two new hybrid antibiotics, containing either one or two chlorine atoms. The identities of the new compounds were verified by LC-MS, and their antibacterial activities were tested against Bacillus subtilis in an agar diffusion assay.	1
Title: Covalent CouN7 enzyme intermediate for acyl group shuttling in aminocoumarin biosynthesis Abstract: The last stages of assembly of the aminocoumarin antibiotics, clorobiocin and coumermycin A(1), which target the GyrB subunits of bacterial DNA gyrase, involve enzymatic transfer of the pyrrolyl-2-carbonyl acyl group from a carrier protein (CloN1/CouN1) to the 3'-OH of the noviosyl moiety of the antibiotic scaffold. The enzyme, CouN7, will catalyze both the forward and back reaction on both arms of the coumermycin scaffold. This occurs via an O-acyl-Ser(101)-CouN7 intermediate, as shown by transient labeling of the enzyme with [(14)C]acetyl-S-CouN1 as donor and by inactivating mutation of the active site, Ser(101), to Ala. The intermediacy of the pyrrolyl-2-carbonyl-O-CouN7 allows net pyrrole transfer between distinct aminocoumarin scaffolds, for example, between the descarbamoylnovobiocin scaffold and coumermycin A(1) and vice versa. CouN7 also allows shuttling of surrogate acyl groups between noviosyl-aminocoumarin scaffolds to generate new antibiotic variants.	1
Title: Five gene products are required for assembly of the central pyrrole moiety of coumermycin A1 Abstract: Coumermycin A1 is an aminocoumarin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces rishiriensis. It exhibits potent antibacterial and anticancer activity. The coumermycin A1 molecule contains two terminal 5-methyl-pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid moieties and one central 3-methylpyrrole-2,4-dicarboxylic acid moiety (CPM). While the biosynthesis of the terminal moieties has been elucidated in detail, the pathway leading to the CPM remains poorly understood. In this work, the minimal set of genes required for the generation of the CPM scaffold was identified. It comprises the five genes couR1, couR2a, couR2b, couR3, and couR4 which are grouped together in a contiguous 4.7 kb region within the coumermycin A1 biosynthetic gene cluster. The DNA fragment containing these genes was cloned into an expression plasmid and heterologously expressed in Streptomyces coelicolor M1146. Thereupon, the formation of CPM could be shown by HPLC and by HPLC-MS/MS, in comparison to an authentic CPM standard. This proves that the genes couR1-couR4 are sufficient to direct the biosynthesis of CPM, and that the adjacent genes couR5 and couR6 are not required for this pathway. The enzyme CouR3 was expressed in Escherichia coli and purified to near homogeneity. The protein exhibited an ATPase activity similar to that reported for its close ortholog, the threonine kinase PduX. However, we could not show a threonine kinase activity of CouR3, and; therefore, the substrate of CouR3 in CPM biosynthesis is still unknown and may be different from threonine.	1
Title: Two pathways for pyrrole formation in coumermycin A(1) biosynthesis: the central pyrrole moiety is formed from L-threonine Abstract: Coumermycin A(1) is an aminocoumarin antibiotic produced by Streptomyces rishiriensis. It contains three pyrrole rings, that is, two terminal 5-methyl-pyrrole-2-carboxyl moieties and a central 3-methylpyrrole-2,4-dicarboxylic acid moiety. The biosynthesis of the terminal pyrrole moieties has been elucidated previously. However, the biosynthetic precursors of the central pyrrole moiety have remained unknown, and none of the genes or enzymes involved in its formation has been identified. We now show that five genes, contained in a contiguous 4.7 kb region within the coumermycin biosynthetic gene cluster, are required for the biosynthesis of this central pyrrole moiety. Each of these genes was deleted individually, resulting in a strong reduction or an abolishment of coumermycin production. External feeding of the central pyrrole moiety restored coumermycin production. One of these genes shows similarity to L-threonine kinase genes. Feeding of [U-(13)C,(15) N]L-threonine and (13)C NMR analysis of the resulting compound unequivocally proved that threonine was incorporated intact into the central pyrrole (19 % enrichment) to provide the heterocyclic nitrogen as well as four of the seven carbons of this moiety. Therefore, this pyrrole is formed via a new, hitherto unknown biosynthetic pathway. A hypothesis for the reaction sequence leading to the central pyrrole moiety of coumermycin A(1) is presented.	1
Title: Identification of the novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces spheroides NCIB 11891 Abstract: The novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces spheroides NCIB 11891 was cloned by using homologous deoxynucleoside diphosphate (dNDP)-glucose 4,6-dehydratase gene fragments as probes. Double-stranded sequencing of 25.6 kb revealed the presence of 23 putative open reading frames (ORFs), including the gene for novobiocin resistance, gyrB(r), and at least 11 further ORFs to which a possible role in novobiocin biosynthesis could be assigned. An insertional inactivation experiment with a dNDP-glucose 4, 6-dehydratase fragment resulted in abolishment of novobiocin production, since biosynthesis of the deoxysugar moiety of novobiocin was blocked. Heterologous expression of a key enzyme of novobiocin biosynthesis, i.e., novobiocic acid synthetase, in Streptomyces lividans TK24 further confirmed the involvement of the analyzed genes in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic.	1
Title: Cloning, overexpression, and purification of novobiocic acid synthetase from Streptomyces spheroides NCIMB 11891 Abstract: Novobiocic acid synthetase, a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic novobiocin, was cloned from the novobiocin producer Streptomyces spheroides NCIMB 11891. The enzyme is encoded by the gene novL, which codes for a protein of 527 amino acids with a calculated mass of 56,885 Da. The protein was overexpressed as a His(6) fusion protein in Escherichia coli and purified to apparent homogeneity by affinity chromatography and gel chromatography. The purified enzyme catalyzed the formation of an amide bond between 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoic acid (ring A of novobiocin) and 3-amino-4,7-dihydroxy-8-methyl coumarin (ring B of novobiocin) in an ATP-dependent reaction. NovL shows homology to the superfamily of adenylate-forming enzymes, and indeed the formation of an acyl adenylate from ring A and ATP was demonstrated by an ATP-PP(i) exchange assay. The purified enzyme exhibited both activation and transferase activity, i.e. it catalyzed both the activation of ring A as acyl adenylate and the subsequent transfer of the acyl group to the amino group of ring B. It is active as a monomer as determined by gel filtration chromatography. The reaction was specific for ATP as nucleotide triphosphate and dependent on the presence of Mg(2+) or Mn(2+). Apparent K(m) values for ring A and ring B were determined as 19 and 131 micrometer respectively. Of several analogues of ring A, only 3-geranyl-4-hydroxybenzoate and to a lesser extent 3-methyl-4-aminobenzoate were accepted as substrates.	1
Title: Novobiocin biosynthesis: inactivation of the putative regulatory gene novE and heterologous expression of genes involved in aminocoumarin ring formation Abstract: The left ends of the biosynthetic gene clusters of novobiocin ( nov), clorobiocin ( clo) and coumermycin A(1) ( cou) from Streptomyces spheroides (syn. S. caeruleus) NCIMB 11891, S. roseochromogenes var. oscitans DS 12.976 and S. rishiriensis DSM 40489 were cloned and sequenced. Sequence comparison suggested that novE, cloE and couE, respectively, represent the borders of these three clusters. Inactivation of novE proved that novE does not have an essential catalytic role in novobiocin biosynthesis, but is likely to have a regulatory function. The gene products of novF and cloF show sequence similarity to prephenate dehydrogenase and may produce 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate (4HPP) as a precursor of the substituted benzoate moiety of novobiocin and clorobiocin. Coumermycin A(1) does not contain this benzoate moiety, and correspondingly the coumermycin cluster was found not to contain a functional novF homologue. The coumermycin biosynthetic gene cluster apparently evolved from an ancestral cluster similar to those of novobiocin and clorobiocin, and parts of the ancestral novF homologue have been deleted in this process. No homologue to novC was identified in the gene clusters of clorobiocin and coumermycin, questioning the postulated involvement of novC in aminocoumarin biosynthesis. Heterologous expression of novDEFGHIJK in Streptomyces lividans resulted in the formation of 2,4-dihydroxy-alpha-oxy-phenylacetic acid, suggesting that at least one of the proteins encoded by these genes may participate in a hydroxylation reaction.	1
Title: NovG, a DNA-binding protein acting as a positive regulator of novobiocin biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin contains two putative regulatory genes, i.e. novE and novG. The predicted gene product of novG shows a putative helix-turn-helix DNA-binding motif and shares sequence similarity with StrR, a well-studied pathway-specific transcriptional activator of streptomycin biosynthesis. Here functional proof is provided, by genetic and biochemical approaches, for the role of NovG as a positive regulator of novobiocin biosynthesis. The entire novobiocin cluster of the producer organism Streptomyces spheroides was expressed in the heterologous host Streptomyces coelicolor M512, and additional strains were produced which lacked the novG gene within the heterologously expressed cluster. These Delta novG strains produced only 2% of the novobiocin formed by the S. coelicolor M512 strains carrying the intact novobiocin cluster. The production could be restored by introducing an intact copy of novG into the mutant. The presence of novG on a multicopy plasmid in the strain containing the intact cluster led to almost threefold overproduction of the antibiotic, suggesting that novobiocin biosynthesis is limited by the availability of NovG protein. Furthermore, purified N-terminal His(6)-tagged NovG showed specific DNA-binding activity for the novG-novH and the cloG-cloY intergenic regions of the novobiocin and clorobiocin biosynthetic gene clusters, respectively. By comparing the DNA sequences of the fragments binding NovG, conserved inverted repeats were identified in both fragments, similar to those identified as the binding sites for StrR. The consensus sequence for the StrR and the putative NovG binding sites was GTTCRACTG(N)(11)CRGTYGAAC. Therefore, NovG and StrR apparently belong to the same family of DNA-binding regulatory proteins.	1
Title: Functional characterizations of novWUS involved in novobiocin biosynthesis from Streptomyces spheroides Abstract: NovW, novU, and novS gene products represent dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose 3,5 epimarase, C-methyltransferase and dTDP-glucose-4-ketoreductase involved in noviose biosynthetic pathway, respectively. We have expressed three genes to elucidate the functions of NovW, NovU, and NovS in Escherichia coli. NovW and NovU catalyze the formation of dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-5-C-methyl-L-lyxo-hexose from dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose. NovS reduces the product formed from the reaction of NovW with dTDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose in the presence of NADH to result in dTDP-l-rhamnose. Furthermore, a pathway for the biosynthesis of noviose is proposed.	1
Title: Draft Genome Sequence of Streptomyces niveus NCIMB 11891, Producer of the Aminocoumarin Antibiotic Novobiocin Abstract: Streptomyces niveus NCIMB 11891 is the producer of the gyrase inhibitor novobiocin, which belongs to the aminocoumarin class of antibiotics. The genome sequence of this strain was found to contain, besides the gene cluster for novobiocin, a putative gene cluster for the macrolactam antibiotic BE-14106 and further secondary metabolite gene clusters.	1
Title: Transcriptional regulation of the novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: The aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin is a gyrase inhibitor formed by a Streptomyces strain. The biosynthetic gene cluster of novobiocin spans 23.4 kb and contains 20 coding sequences, among them the two regulatory genes novE and novG. We investigated the location of transcriptional promoters within this cluster by insertion of transcriptional terminator cassettes and RT-PCR analysis of the resulting mutants. The cluster was found to contain eight DNA regions with promoter activity. The regulatory protein NovG binds to a previously identified binding site within the promoter region located upstream of novH, but apparently not to any of the other seven promoters. Quantitative real-time PCR was used to compare the number of transcripts in a strain carrying an intact novobiocin cluster with strains carrying mutated clusters. Both in-frame deletion of the regulatory gene novG and insertion of a terminator cassette into the biosynthetic gene novH led to a strong reduction of the number of transcripts of the genes located between novH and novW. This suggested that these 16 biosynthetic genes form a single operon. Three internal promoters are located within this operon but appear to be of minor importance, if any, under our experimental conditions. Transcription of novG was found to depend on the presence of NovE, suggesting that the two regulatory genes, novE and novG, act in a cascade-like mechanism. The resistance gene gyrB(R), encoding an aminocoumarin-resistant gyrase B subunit, may initially be co-transcribed with the genes from novH to novW. However, when the gyrase inhibitor novobiocin accumulates in the cultures, gyrB(R) is transcribed from its own promoter. Previous work has suggested that this promoter is controlled by the superhelical density of chromosomal DNA.	1
Title: novE and novG act as positive regulators of novobiocin biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin contains two putative regulatory genes, i.e., novE and novG. Functional proof for the role of NovG as a positive regulator of novobiocin biosynthesis had been provided previously, and we now investigated the role of novE. Heterologous expression experiments with the novobiocin biosynthetic gene cluster showed that the entire putative promoter region of novE is required to achieve optimal novobiocin production. Overexpression of novE, using a replicative vector, resulted in an increase of novobiocin formation. In contrast, inactivation of novE by in frame deletion resulted in a strong reduction of novobiocin biosynthesis. Novobiocin production could be restored by an intact copy of novE, but also by the regulatory gene novG. These observations suggest that novE is a positive regulator of novobiocin biosynthesis. NovE was expressed in E. coli and purified. However, in contrast to parallel experiments with NovG, no DNA-binding properties could be shown for NovE. RT-PCR experiments showed that expression of novG was detectable in the absence of NovE, and also that expression of novE occurred in absence of NovG.	1
Title: Crystallization and preliminary X-ray analysis of the O-carbamoyltransferase NovN from the novobiocin-biosynthetic cluster of Streptomyces spheroides Abstract: Crystals of recombinant NovN, an O-carbamoyltransferase from Streptomyces spheroides, were grown by vapour diffusion. The protein crystallized in two different crystal forms. Crystal form I belonged to space group C2 and native data were collected to 2.9 A resolution in-house. Crystal form II had I-centred orthorhombic symmetry and native data were recorded to a resolution of 2.3 A at a synchrotron. NovN catalyses the final step in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin that targets the essential bacterial enzyme DNA gyrase.	1
Title: The crystal structure of the novobiocin biosynthetic enzyme NovP: the first representative structure for the TylF O-methyltransferase superfamily Abstract: NovP is an S-adenosyl-l-methionine-dependent O-methyltransferase that catalyzes the penultimate step in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin. Specifically, it methylates at 4-OH of the noviose moiety, and the resultant methoxy group is important for the potency of the mature antibiotic: previous crystallographic studies have shown that this group interacts directly with the target enzyme DNA gyrase, which is a validated drug target. We have determined the high-resolution crystal structure of NovP from Streptomyces spheroides as a binary complex with its desmethylated cosubstrate S-adenosyl-l-homocysteine. The structure displays a typical class I methyltransferase fold, in addition to motifs that are consistent with a divalent-metal-dependent mechanism. This is the first representative structure of a methyltransferase from the TylF superfamily, which includes a number of enzymes implicated in the biosynthesis of antibiotics and other therapeutics. The NovP structure reveals a number of distinctive structural features that, based on sequence conservation, are likely to be characteristic of the superfamily. These include a helical 'lid' region that gates access to the cosubstrate binding pocket and an active center that contains a 3-Asp putative metal binding site. A further conserved Asp likely acts as the general base that initiates the reaction by deprotonating the 4-OH group of the noviose unit. Using in silico docking, we have generated models of the enzyme-substrate complex that are consistent with the proposed mechanism. Furthermore, these models suggest that NovP is unlikely to tolerate significant modifications at the noviose moiety, but could show increasing substrate promiscuity as a function of the distance of the modification from the methylation site. These observations could inform future attempts to utilize NovP for methylating a range of glycosylated compounds.	1
Title: Crystallization and preliminary X-ray analysis of the O-methyltransferase NovP from the novobiocin-biosynthetic cluster of Streptomyces spheroides Abstract: Crystals of recombinant NovP (subunit MW = 29 967 Da; 262 amino acids), an S-adenosyl-L-methionine-dependent O-methyltransferase from Streptomyces spheroides, were grown by vapour diffusion. The protein crystallized in space group P2, with unit-cell parameters a = 51.81, b = 46.04, c = 61.22 A, beta = 104.97 degrees. Native data to a maximum resolution of 1.4 A were collected from a single crystal at the synchrotron. NovP is involved in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin that targets the essential bacterial enzyme DNA gyrase.	1
Title: Characterisation of Streptomyces spheroides NovW and revision of its functional assignment to a dTDP-6-deoxy-D-xylo-4-hexulose 3-epimerase Abstract: Characterisation of recombinant Streptomyces spheroides NovW in vitro suggests that it is not a kinetically competent dual action dTDP-6-deoxy-d-xylo-4-hexulose 3,5-epimerase, but possesses only significant 3-epimerase activity.	1
Title: Crystallization and preliminary X-ray studies on the putative dTDP sugar epimerase NovW from the novobiocin biosynthetic cluster of Streptomyces spheroides Abstract: Crystals of recombinant NovW (subunit MW = 22 289 Da), a putative dTDP sugar epimerase from Streptomyces spheroides, were grown by vapour diffusion. The protein crystallizes in space group P4(3)2(1)2, with unit-cell parameters a = b = 59.20, c = 109.23 A. Native data to a resolution of 2.0 A were collected from a single crystal at 100 K on a rotating-anode X-ray generator. Preliminary analysis of these data indicated that the asymmetric unit corresponded to a monomer, whilst dynamic light scattering (DLS) suggested that NovW was a dimer in solution. NovW is involved in the biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin, which targets the bacterial enzyme DNA gyrase, and represents the first enzyme to be crystallized from this biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Initial characterization of novobiocic acid noviosyl transferase activity of NovM in biosynthesis of the antibiotic novobiocin Abstract: The aminocoumarin class of antibiotics, exemplified by novobiocin, is composed of tripartite l-noviosylaminocoumarin prenylbenzoate natural products. The decorated noviosyl sugar component interacts with the target bacterial enzyme DNA gyrase. We have subcloned the putative 40 kDa l-noviosyl transferase from Streptomyces spheroides into Escherichia coli, expressed it in soluble form, and purified it to homogeneity as a C-terminal His(8) fusion protein. The aglycone novobiocic acid, obtained from selective degradation of novobiocin, and TDP-l-noviose, obtained by an 11-step chemical synthesis from l-rhamnose, were shown to be robust substrates for NovM to produce the desmethyldescarbamoyl novobiocin intermediate with a k(cat) of >300 min(-1). NovM displays activity with variant coumarin aglycones, suggesting it may be a promiscuous catalyst for noviosylation of a range of planar scaffolds. Conversely, NovM shows no activity with and is inhibited by TDP-l-rhamnose (K(i) = 83.5 +/- 5.5 microM), the sugar donor that most closely structurally resembles the natural substrate TDP-l-noviose. The NovM reaction products generated during the course of this work will serve as substrates for subsequent analysis of the NovP and NovN tailoring enzymes that impart the noviose decorations required for DNA gyrase binding and antibiotic activity.	1
Title: Coumarin formation in novobiocin biosynthesis: beta-hydroxylation of the aminoacyl enzyme tyrosyl-S-NovH by a cytochrome P450 NovI Abstract: Background:                       Coumarin group antibiotics, such as novobiocin, coumermycin A1 and clorobiocin, are potent inhibitors of DNA gyrase. These antibiotics have been isolated from various Streptomyces species and all possess a 3-amino-4-hydroxy-coumarin moiety as their structural core. Prior labeling experiments on novobiocin established that the coumarin moiety was derived from L-tyrosine, probably via a beta-hydroxy-tyrosine (beta-OH-Tyr) intermediate. Recently the novobiocin gene cluster from Streptomyces spheroides was cloned and sequenced and allows analysis of the biosynthesis of the coumarin at the biochemical level using overexpressed and purified proteins.                  Results:                       Two open reading frames (ORFs), NovH and NovI, from the novobiocin producer S. spheroides have been overexpressed in Escherichia coli, purified and characterized for tyrosine activation and oxygenation which are the initial steps in coumarin formation. The 65 kDa NovH has two predicted domains, an adenylation (A) and a peptidyl carrier protein (PCP), reminiscent of non-ribosomal peptide synthetases. Purified NovH catalyzes L-tyrosyl-AMP formation by its A domain, can be posttranslationally phosphopantetheinylated on the PCP domain, and accumulates the covalent L-tyrosyl-S-enzyme intermediate on the holo PCP domain. The second enzyme in the pathway, NovI, is a 45 kDa heme protein that functions as a cytochrome P450-type monooxygenase with specificity for the tyrosyl-S-NovH acyl enzyme. The product beta-OH-tyrosyl-S-NovH was detected by alkaline release and high performance liquid chromatography analysis of radioactive [3H]beta-OH-Tyr and by mass spectrometry. Also detected was 4-OH-benzaldehyde, a retro aldol breakdown product of beta-OH-Tyr. The amino acid released was (3R,2S)-3-OH-Tyr by comparison with authentic standards.                  Conclusions:                       This work establishes that NovH and NovI are responsible for the formation of a beta-OH-Tyr intermediate that is covalently tethered to NovH in novobiocin biosynthesis. Comparable A-PCP/P450 pairs for amino acid beta-hydroxylation are found in various biosynthetic gene clusters, such as ORF19/ORF20 in the chloroeremomycin cluster for tyrosine, CumC/CumD in the coumermycin A1 cluster for tyrosine, and NikP1/NikQ in the nikkomycin cluster for histidine. This phenomenon of covalent docking of the amino acid in a kinetically stable thioester linkage prior to chemical modification by downstream tailoring enzymes, could represent a common strategy for controlling the partitioning of the amino acid for incorporation into secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Insights into secondary metabolism from a global analysis of prokaryotic biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: Although biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) have been discovered for hundreds of bacterial metabolites, our knowledge of their diversity remains limited. Here, we used a novel algorithm to systematically identify BGCs in the extensive extant microbial sequencing data. Network analysis of the predicted BGCs revealed large gene cluster families, the vast majority uncharacterized. We experimentally characterized the most prominent family, consisting of two subfamilies of hundreds of BGCs distributed throughout the Proteobacteria; their products are aryl polyenes, lipids with an aryl head group conjugated to a polyene tail. We identified a distant relationship to a third subfamily of aryl polyene BGCs, and together the three subfamilies represent the largest known family of biosynthetic gene clusters, with more than 1,000 members. Although these clusters are widely divergent in sequence, their small molecule products are remarkably conserved, indicating for the first time the important roles these compounds play in Gram-negative cell biology.	1
Title: Novel features of the polysaccharide-digesting gliding bacterium Flavobacterium johnsoniae as revealed by genome sequence analysis Abstract: The 6.10-Mb genome sequence of the aerobic chitin-digesting gliding bacterium Flavobacterium johnsoniae (phylum Bacteroidetes) is presented. F. johnsoniae is a model organism for studies of bacteroidete gliding motility, gene regulation, and biochemistry. The mechanism of F. johnsoniae gliding is novel, and genome analysis confirms that it does not involve well-studied motility organelles, such as flagella or type IV pili. The motility machinery is composed of Gld proteins in the cell envelope that are thought to comprise the "motor" and SprB, which is thought to function as a cell surface adhesin that is propelled by the motor. Analysis of the genome identified genes related to sprB that may encode alternative adhesins used for movement over different surfaces. Comparative genome analysis revealed that some of the gld and spr genes are found in nongliding bacteroidetes and may encode components of a novel protein secretion system. F. johnsoniae digests proteins, and 125 predicted peptidases were identified. F. johnsoniae also digests numerous polysaccharides, and 138 glycoside hydrolases, 9 polysaccharide lyases, and 17 carbohydrate esterases were predicted. The unexpected ability of F. johnsoniae to digest hemicelluloses, such as xylans, mannans, and xyloglucans, was predicted based on the genome analysis and confirmed experimentally. Numerous predicted cell surface proteins related to Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron SusC and SusD, which are likely involved in binding of oligosaccharides and transport across the outer membrane, were also identified. Genes required for synthesis of the novel outer membrane flexirubin pigments were identified by a combination of genome analysis and genetic experiments. Genes predicted to encode components of a multienzyme nonribosomal peptide synthetase were identified, as were novel aspects of gene regulation. The availability of techniques for genetic manipulation allows rapid exploration of the features identified for the polysaccharide-digesting gliding bacteroidete F. johnsoniae.	1
Title: Initiation of the flexirubin biosynthesis in Chitinophaga pinensis Abstract: Bacteria from the Bacteroidetes phylum are known producers of the chemotaxonomic relevant flexirubins. These orange pigments comprise a non-isoprenoid aryl-polyene carboxylic acid esterified with a dialkylresorcinol. Herein, we report a gene cluster from Chitinophaga pinensis encoding the biosynthesis of the polyene moiety and the biochemical characterization of a tyrosine ammonia-lyase and a 4-coumarate-CoA ligase responsible for the initiation of the polyene biosynthesis. Additionally, the flexirubin of C. pinensis was characterized by a combination of feeding experiments, high-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry.	1
Title: Genetic locus encoding functions involved in biosynthesis and outer membrane localization of xanthomonadin in Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae Abstract: Xanthomonadins are membrane-bound, brominated, aryl-polyene pigments specific to the genus Xanthomonas. We have characterized a genetic locus (pig) from Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae which contains four open reading frames (ORFs) that are essential for xanthomonadin production. Three of these ORFs are homologous to acyl carrier proteins, dehydratases, and acyl transferases, suggesting a type II polyketide synthase pathway for xanthomonadin biosynthesis. The fourth ORF has no homologue in the database. For the first time, we report that a putative cytoplasmic membrane protein encoded in the pig locus is required for outer membrane localization of xanthomonadin in X. oryzae pv. oryzae. We also report the identification of a novel 145-bp palindromic Xanthomonas repetitive intergenic consensus element that is present in two places in the pig locus. We estimate that more than 100 copies of this element might be present in the genome of X. oryzae pv. oryzae and other xanthomonads.	1
Title: Enzymes catalyzing the early steps of clavulanic acid biosynthesis are encoded by two sets of paralogous genes in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Genes encoding the proteins required for clavulanic acid biosynthesis and for cephamycin biosynthesis are grouped into a "supercluster" in Streptomyces clavuligerus. Nine open reading frames (ORFs) associated with clavulanic acid biosynthesis were located in a 15-kb segment of the supercluster, including six ORFs encoding known biosynthetic enzymes or regulatory proteins, two ORFs that have been reported previously but whose involvement in clavulanic acid biosynthesis is unclear, and one ORF not previously reported. Evidence for the involvement of these ORFs in clavulanic acid production was obtained by generating mutants and showing that all were defective for clavulanic acid production when grown on starch asparagine medium. However, when five of the nine mutants, including mutants defective in known clavulanic acid biosynthetic enzymes, were grown in a soy-based medium, clavulanic acid-producing ability was restored. This ability to produce clavulanic acid when seemingly essential biosynthetic enzymes have been mutated suggests that paralogous genes encoding functionally equivalent proteins exist for each of the five genes but that these paralogues are expressed only in the soy-based medium. The five genes that have paralogues encode proteins involved in the early steps of the pathway common to the biosynthesis of both clavulanic acid and the other clavam metabolites produced by this organism. No evidence was seen for paralogues of the four remaining genes involved in late, clavulanic acid-specific steps in the pathway.	1
Title: The paralogous pairs of genes involved in clavulanic acid and clavam metabolite biosynthesis are differently regulated in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Carboxyethylarginine synthase, encoded by the paralogous ceaS1 and ceaS2 genes, catalyzes the first reaction in the shared biosynthetic pathway leading to clavulanic acid and the other clavam metabolites in Streptomyces clavuligerus. The nutritional regulation of ceaS1 and ceaS2 expression was analyzed by reverse transcriptase PCR and by the use of the enhanced green fluorescent protein-encoding gene (egfp) as a reporter. ceaS1 was transcribed in complex soy medium only, whereas ceaS2 was transcribed in both soy and defined starch-asparagine (SA) media. The transcriptional start points of the two genes were also mapped to a C residue 98 bp upstream of ceaS1 and a G residue 51 bp upstream of the ceaS2 start codon by S1 nuclease protection and primer extension analyses. Furthermore, transcriptional mapping of the genes encoding the beta-lactam synthetase (bls1) and proclavaminate amidinohydrolase (pah1) isoenzymes from the paralogue gene cluster indicated that a single polycistronic transcript of approximately 4.9 kb includes ceaS1, bls1, and pah1. The expression of ceaS1 and ceaS2 in a mutant strain defective in the regulatory protein CcaR was also examined. ceaS1 transcription was not affected in the ccaR mutant, whereas that of ceaS2 was greatly reduced compared to the wild-type strain. Overall, our results suggest that different mechanisms are involved in regulating the expression of ceaS1 and ceaS2, and presumably also of other paralogous genes that encode proteins involved in the early stages of clavulanic acid and clavam metabolite biosynthesis.	1
Title: 5S clavam biosynthetic genes are located in both the clavam and paralog gene clusters in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: The Streptomyces clavuligerus clavam gene cluster was examined to identify genes specifically involved in 5S clavam biosynthesis. A reduction/loss of 5S clavam production was seen in cvm2 and cvm5 gene mutants, and a clavam metabolite not previously observed, 2-carboxymethylideneclavam, accumulated in the cvm5 mutant. Disruption of additional genes from the region of the clavam cluster did not have any effect on 5S clavam production. Examination of the paralog gene cluster region for 5S clavam biosynthetic genes led to the identification of cvm6P and cvm7P, which encode a putative aminotransferase and a transcriptional regulator, respectively. Mutants defective in cvm6P and cvm7P were completely blocked in 5S clavam but not clavulanic acid production. The loss of 5S clavam production in cvm7P mutants suggests that this gene encodes a transcriptional regulator specific for 5S clavam metabolite biosynthesis.	1
Title: Carboxyethylarginine synthase genes show complex cross-regulation in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Carboxyethylarginine synthase is the first dedicated enzyme of clavam biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus and is present in two isoforms encoded by two separate genes. When grown on a liquid soy medium, strains with ceaS1 deleted showed only a mild reduction of clavam biosynthesis, while disruption of ceaS2 abolished all clavam biosynthesis. Creation of an in-frame ceaS2 deletion mutant to avoid polarity did not restore clavam production, nor did creation of a site-directed mutant altered only in a single amino acid residue important for activity. Reverse transcriptase PCR analyses of these mutants indicated that the failure to produce clavam metabolites could be traced to reduced or abolished transcription of ceaS1 in the ceaS2 mutants, despite the location of ceaS1 on a replicon completely separate from that of ceaS2. Western analyses further showed that the CeaS1 protein (as well as the CeaS2 protein) was absent from the ceaS2 mutants. Complementation experiments were able to restore clavam production partially, but only by virtue of restoring CeaS2 production. CeaS1 was still absent from the complemented strains. While this dependence of CeaS1 production on the expression of ceaS2 from its native chromosomal location was seen in all of the ceaS2 mutants, the effect was limited to growth in liquid medium. When the same mutants were grown on solid soy medium, clavam production was restored and CeaS1 was produced, albeit at low levels compared to the wild type.	1
Title: Two sets of paralogous genes encode the enzymes involved in the early stages of clavulanic acid and clavam metabolite biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Recently, a second copy of a gene encoding proclavaminate amidinohydrolase (pah1), an enzyme involved in the early stages of clavulanic acid and clavam metabolite biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus, was identified and isolated. Using Southern analysis, we have now isolated second copies of the genes encoding the carboxyethylarginine synthase (ceaS) and beta-lactam synthetase (bls) enzymes. These new paralogues are given the gene designations ceaS1 and bls1 and are located immediately upstream of pah1 on the chromosome. Furthermore, sequence analysis of the region downstream of pah1 revealed a second copy of a gene encoding ornithine acetyltransferase (oat1), thus indicating the presence of a cluster of paralogue genes. ceaS1, bls1, and oat1 display 73, 60, and 63% identities, respectively, at the nucleotide level to the original ceaS2, bls2, and oat2 genes from the clavulanic acid gene cluster. Single mutants defective in ceaS1, bls1, or oat1 were prepared and characterized and were found to be affected to variable degrees in their ability to produce clavulanic acid and clavam metabolites. Double mutants defective in both copies of the genes were also prepared and tested. The ceaS1/ceaS2 and the bls1/bls2 mutant strains were completely blocked in clavulanic acid and clavam metabolite biosynthesis. On the other hand, oat1/oat2 double mutants still produced some clavulanic acid and clavam metabolites. This may be attributed to the presence of the argJ gene in S. clavuligerus, which encodes yet another ornithine acetyltransferase enzyme that may be able to compensate for the lack of OAT1 and -2 in the double mutants.	1
Title: 5S clavam biosynthesis is controlled by an atypical two-component regulatory system in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Streptomyces clavuligerus produces a collection of five clavam metabolites, including the clinically important β-lactamase inhibitor clavulanic acid, as well as four structurally related metabolites called 5S clavams. The paralogue gene cluster of S. clavuligerus is one of three clusters of genes for the production of these clavam metabolites. A region downstream of the cluster was analyzed, and snk, res1, and res2, encoding elements of an atypical two-component regulatory system, were located. Mutation of any one of the three genes had no effect on clavulanic acid production, but snk and res2 mutants produced no 5S clavams, whereas res1 mutants overproduced 5S clavams. Reverse transcriptase PCR analyses showed that transcription of cvm7p (which encodes a transcriptional activator of 5S clavam biosynthesis) and 5S clavam biosynthetic genes was eliminated in snk and in res2 mutants but that snk and res2 transcription was unaffected in a cvm7p mutant. Both snk and res2 mutants could be complemented by introduction of cvm7p under the control of an independently regulated promoter. In vitro assays showed that Snk can autophosphorylate and transfer its phosphate group to both Res1 and Res2, and Snk-H365, Res1-D52, and Res2-D52 were identified as the phosphorylation sites for the system. Dephosphorylation assays indicated that Res1 stimulates dephosphorylation of Res2∼P. These results suggest a regulatory cascade in which Snk and Res2 form a two-component system controlling cvm7p transcription, with Res1 serving as a checkpoint to modulate phosphorylation levels. Cvm7P then activates transcription of 5S clavam biosynthetic genes.	1
Title: Streptomyces clavuligerus has a second copy of the proclavaminate amidinohydrolase gene Abstract: Past genetic studies have indicated that the genes encoding early enzymes of clavulanic acid biosynthesis may be duplicated in Streptomyces clavuligerus. We observed cross-hybridizing bands upon Southern analyses of proclavaminate amidinohydrolase (pah)-defective mutant strains of S. clavuligerus screened with a pah-specific probe. The DNA fragment responsible for this cross hybridization was cloned and sequenced and shown to encode a second copy of the pah gene. The new pah gene (pah1) was 1,056 bp in length, and its sequence was 72% identical to that of the original pah gene (pah2). Disruption mutants with defects in pah1 showed no significant effects on production of clavulanic acid or any of the clavam metabolites with stereochemistries opposite that of clavulanic acid (5S clavams) produced by S. clavuligerus when they were grown on starch asparagine or soy medium. However, double mutants with defects in both pah1 and pah2 were defective in the production of both clavulanic acid and all of the 5S clavam metabolites.	1
Title: Alanylclavam biosynthetic genes are clustered together with one group of clavulanic acid biosynthetic genes in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Streptomyces clavuligerus produces at least five different clavam metabolites, including clavulanic acid and the methionine antimetabolite, alanylclavam. In vitro transposon mutagenesis was used to analyze a 13-kb region upstream of the known paralogue gene cluster. The paralogue cluster includes one group of clavulanic acid biosynthetic genes in S. clavuligerus. Twelve open reading frames (ORFs) were found in this area, and mutants were generated in each using either in vitro transposon or PCR-targeted mutagenesis. Mutants with defects in any of the genes orfA, orfB, orfC, or orfD were unable to produce alanylclavam but could produce all of the other clavams, including clavulanic acid. orfA encodes a predicted hydroxymethyltransferase, orfB encodes a YjgF/YER057c/UK114-family regulatory protein, orfC encodes an aminotransferase, and orfD encodes a dehydratase. All of these types of proteins are normally involved in amino acid metabolism. Mutants in orfC or orfD also accumulated a novel clavam metabolite instead of alanylclavam, and a complemented orfC mutant was able to produce trace amounts of alanylclavam while still producing the novel clavam. Mass spectrometric analyses, together with consideration of the enzymes involved in its production, led to tentative identification of the novel clavam as 8-OH-alanylclavam, an intermediate in the proposed alanylclavam biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the carbapenem MM 4550 and its gene cluster in Streptomyces argenteolus ATCC 11009 Abstract: Nearly 50 naturally occurring carbapenem β-lactam antibiotics, most produced by Streptomyces, have been identified. The structural diversity of these compounds is limited to variance of the C-2 and C-6 side chains as well as the stereochemistry at C-5/C-6. These structural motifs are of interest both for their antibiotic effects and their biosynthesis. Although the thienamycin gene cluster is the only active gene cluster publically available in this group, more comparative information is needed to understand the genetic basis of these structural differences. We report here the identification of MM 4550, a member of the olivanic acids, as the major carbapenem produced by Streptomyces argenteolus ATCC 11009. Its gene cluster was also identified by degenerate PCR and targeted gene inactivation. Sequence analysis revealed that the genes encoding the biosynthesis of the bicyclic core and the C-6 and C-2 side chains are well conserved in the MM 4550 and thienamycin gene clusters. Three new genes, cmmSu, cmm17 and cmmPah were found in the new cluster, and their putative functions in the sulfonation and epimerization of MM 4550 are proposed. Gene inactivation showed that, in addition to cmmI, two new genes, cmm22 and -23, encode a two-component response system thought to regulate the production of MM 4550. Overexpression of cmmI, cmm22 and cmm23 promoted MM 4550 production in an engineered strain. Finally, the involvement and putative roles of all genes in the MM 4550 cluster are proposed based on the results of bioinformatics analysis, gene inactivation, and analysis of disruption mutants. Overall, the differences between the thienamycin and MM 4550 gene clusters are reflected in characteristic structural elements and provide new insights into the biosynthesis of the complex carbapenems.	1
Title: Intraspecies comparison of Streptomyces pratensis genomes reveals high levels of recombination and gene conservation between strains of disparate geographic origin Abstract: Background:                       Streptomyces are widespread bacteria that contribute to the terrestrial carbon cycle and produce the majority of clinically useful antibiotics. While interspecific genomic diversity has been investigated among Streptomyces, information is lacking on intraspecific genomic diversity. Streptomyces pratensis has high rates of homologous recombination but the impact of such gene exchange on genome evolution and the evolution of natural product gene clusters remains uncharacterized.                  Results:                       We report draft genome sequences of four S. pratensis strains and compare to the complete genome of Streptomyces flavogriseus IAF-45-CD (=ATCC 33331), a strain recently reclassified to S. pratensis. Despite disparate geographic origins, the genomes are highly similar with 85.9% of genes present in the core genome and conservation of all natural product gene clusters. Natural products include a novel combination of carbapenem and beta-lactamase inhibitor gene clusters. While high intraspecies recombination rates abolish the phylogenetic signal across the genome, intraspecies recombination is suppressed in two genomic regions. The first region is centered on an insertion/deletion polymorphism and the second on a hybrid NRPS-PKS gene. Finally, two gene families accounted for over 25% of the divergent genes in the core genome. The first includes homologs of bldB (required for spore development and antibiotic production) while the second includes homologs of an uncharacterized protein with a helix-turn-helix motif (hpb). Genes from these families co-occur with fifteen pairs spread across the genome. These genes have evidence for co-evolution of co-localized pairs, supporting previous assertions that these genes may function akin to a toxin-antitoxin system.                  Conclusions:                       S. pratensis genomes are highly similar with exceptional levels of recombination which erase phylogenetic signal among strains of the species. This species has a large core genome and variable terminal regions that are smaller than those found in interspecies comparisons. There is no geographic differentiation between these strains, but there is evidence for local linkage disequilibrium affecting two genomic regions. We have also shown further observational evidence that the DUF397-HTH (bldB and hpb) are a novel toxin-antitoxin pair.	1
Title: A comparison of the clavam biosynthetic gene clusters in Streptomyces antibioticus Tü1718 and Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: The production of clavam metabolites has been studied previously in Streptomyces clavuligerus , a species that produces clavulanic acid as well as 4 other clavam compounds, but the late steps of the pathway leading to the specific end products are unclear. The present study compared the clavam biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces antibioticus , chosen because it produces only 2 clavam metabolites and no clavulanic acid, with that of S. clavuligerus. A cosmid library of S. antibioticus genomic DNA was screened with a clavaminate synthase-specific probe based on the corresponding genes from S. clavuligerus, and 1 of the hybridizing cosmids was sequenced in full. A clavam gene cluster was identified that shows similarities to that of S. clavuligerus but also contains a number of novel genes. Knock-out mutation of the clavaminate synthase gene abolished clavam production in S. antibioticus, confirming the identity of the gene cluster. Knock-out mutation of a novel gene encoding an apparent oxidoreductase also abolished clavam production. A potential clavam biosynthetic pathway consistent with the genes in the cluster and the metabolites produced by S. antibioticus, and correspondingly different from that of S. clavuligerus, is proposed.	1
Title: Two isozymes of clavaminate synthase central to clavulanic acid formation: cloning and sequencing of both genes from Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Clavaminate synthase (CS) is an alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenase central to the biosynthesis of clavulanic acid, a potent inhibitor of beta-lactamases. CS catalyzes the oxidative cyclization/desaturation of proclavaminic acid to clavaminic acid in a two-step process involving the intermediacy of dihydroclavaminic acid [Salowe, S. P., Krol, W. J., Iwata-Reuyl, D., & Townsend, C. A. (1991) Biochemistry 30, 2281-2292]. During the purification of CS to homogeneity from Streptomyces clavuligerus [Salowe, S. P., Marsh, E. N., & Townsend, C. A. (1990) Biochemistry 29, 6499-6508], two forms of the enzyme capable of carrying out the complete reaction having very similar molecular weights and kinetic properties were isolated by Mono-Q chromatography. The gene for each has been cloned, sequenced, and found to be significantly homologous (87% identity). The two genes so isolated, cs1 and cs2, have open reading frames of 975 and 978 nucleotides, respectively, encoding proteins of M(r) 35,347 and 35,774. These genes are located in different loci of the genome separated by > 20 kbp. This separation is large for a natural product biosynthetic pathway in bacteria where gene duplication and limited divergence are typically observed to occur within narrower confines of a gene cluster. Sequence comparisons made between cs1/cs2 and other genes encoding iron-dependent proteins involved in penicillin and cephalosporin biosynthesis in the same organism show minimal homology. Further sequence alignments made to other non-heme iron oxygenases reveal unexpected dissimilarity within the alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent class itself. The limited data available suggests evolutionary convergence among these proteins.	1
Title: Genes specific for the biosynthesis of clavam metabolites antipodal to clavulanic acid are clustered with the gene for clavaminate synthase 1 in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Portions of the Streptomyces clavuligerus chromosome flanking cas1, which encodes the clavaminate synthase 1 isoenzyme (CAS1), have been cloned and sequenced. Mutants of S. clavuligerus disrupted in cvm1, the open reading frame located immediately upstream of cas1, were constructed by a gene replacement procedure. Similar techniques were used to generate S. clavuligerus mutants carrying a deletion that encompassed portions of the two open reading frames, cvm4 and cvm5, located directly downstream of cas1. Both classes of mutants still produced clavulanic acid and cephamycin C but lost the ability to synthesize the antipodal clavam metabolites clavam-2-carboxylate, 2-hydroxymethyl-clavam, and 2-alanylclavam. These results suggested that cas1 is clustered with genes essential and specific for clavam metabolite biosynthesis. When a cas1 mutant of S. clavuligerus was constructed by gene replacement, it produced lower levels of both clavulanic acid and most of the antipodal clavams except for 2-alanylclavam. However, a double mutant of S. clavuligerus disrupted in both cas1 and cas2 produced neither clavulanic acid nor any of the antipodal clavams, including 2-alanylclavam. This outcome was consistent with the contribution of both CAS1 and CAS2 to a common pool of clavaminic acid that is shunted toward clavulanic acid and clavam metabolite biosynthesis.	1
Title: Purification and characterization of clavaminate synthase from Streptomyces clavuligerus: an unusual oxidative enzyme in natural product biosynthesis Abstract: A pivotal step in the biosynthetic pathway to the beta-lactamase inhibitor clavulanic acid is the conversion of proclavaminic acid to clavaminic acid in a reaction requiring Fe2+, alpha-ketoglutarate, and oxygen [Elson, S. W., Baggaley, K. H., Gillett, J., Holland, S., Nicholson, N. H., Sime, J. T., & Woroniecki, S. R. (1987) J. Chem. Soc., Chem. Commun., 1736-1738]. Clavaminate synthase, the enzyme that catalyzes this oxidative cyclization/desaturation, has been purified to homogeneity from clavulanic acid producing cells of Streptomyces clavuligerus (ATCC 27064). The enzyme behaved as a monomer during gel filtration and migrated with Mr 47,000 during denaturing gel electrophoresis. After ion-exchange FPLC two active forms of the protein were resolved that differed slightly in kinetic constants and apparent molecular weight. Kinetic comparisons with the four possible diastereomers of proclavaminate confirmed the absolute configuration of the substrate to be 2S,3R. The stoichiometry of the overall transformation was determined to be proclavaminate + 2(alpha-ketoglutarate) + 2O2----clavaminate + 2(succinate) + 2CO2 + 2H2O. In the absence of proclavaminate a slow decarboxylation of alpha-ketoglutarate to succinate and CO2 was observed in an uncoupled reaction which resulted in enzyme inactivation. Steady-state kinetic studies were undertaken for an initial description of the enzyme's catalytic cycle. The double-reciprocal plot with alpha-ketoglutarate as the variable substrate was linear; this supports the proposal that two stepwise oxidations of proclavaminate occur, each with the consumption of alpha-ketoglutarate and oxygen and the release of succinate, CO2, and H2O. The intersecting initial velocity plots obtained from pairwise variation of substrate concentrations were consistent with a sequential kinetic mechanism for the first oxidation. Similarities observed between clavaminate synthase and alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenases argue for a common mechanism of oxygen activation. However, the nature of the interactions of the substrates in the active site of clavaminate synthase apparently redirects the conventional hydroxylase activity of dioxygenases to the construction of a strained bicyclic skeleton driven by the overall reduction of dioxygen.	1
Title: Three unlinked gene clusters are involved in clavam metabolite biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: In Streptomyces clavuligerus, three groups of genes are known to be involved in the biosynthesis of the clavam metabolites. Since antibiotic biosynthetic genes are invariably clustered on the chromosome in prokaryotes, chromosome walking was undertaken in an attempt to show that the three groups of clavam genes would resolve into a single super-cluster when analyzed at larger scale. However, no evidence of linkage between the three groups was obtained. Furthermore, Southern analysis of macro-restriction fragments of genomic DNA separated by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis also indicated that the three groups of genes are not linked. Despite the structural and biosynthetic relatedness of the clavam metabolites, our results suggest that the genes involved in their production lie in three unlinked gene clusters. We believe that this represents the first instance in bacteria of genes involved in the biosynthesis of a single family of antibiotics sharing a common biosynthetic pathway and yet residing in three separate locations on the chromosome.	1
Title: Five additional genes are involved in clavulanic acid biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: An approximately 12.5-kbp region of DNA sequence from beyond the end of the previously described clavulanic acid gene cluster was analyzed and found to encode nine possible open reading frames (ORFs). Involvement of these ORFs in clavulanic acid biosynthesis was assessed by creating mutants with defects in each of the ORFs. orf12 and orf14 had been previously reported to be involved in clavulanic acid biosynthesis. Now five additional ORFs are shown to play a role, since their mutation results in a significant decrease or total absence of clavulanic acid production. Most of these newly described ORFs encode proteins with little similarity to others in the databases, and so their roles in clavulanic acid biosynthesis are unclear. Mutation of two of the ORFs, orf15 and orf16, results in the accumulation of a new metabolite, N-acetylglycylclavaminic acid, in place of clavulanic acid. orf18 and orf19 encode apparent penicillin binding proteins, and while mutations in these genes have minimal effects on clavulanic acid production, their normal roles as cell wall biosynthetic enzymes and as targets for beta-lactam antibiotics, together with their clustered location, suggest that they are part of the clavulanic acid gene cluster.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing and disruption of a gene from Streptomyces clavuligerus involved in clavulanic acid biosynthesis Abstract: During the purification of delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine synthetase (ACVS) from Streptomyces clavuligerus, a small protein (CLA) involved in clavulanic acid production co-purified with ACVS. A 24-mer mixed-DNA probe based on the N-terminal amino-acid sequence of CLA was used to isolate the corresponding gene (cla), located near one end of the known cluster of penicillin and cephamycin biosynthetic genes, 5.7 kb downstream from the pcbC gene which encodes isopenicillin-N synthase. The sequence of cla would encode a protein of 313 aa with a high degree of similarity to amidinohydrolase enzymes. The cla gene is located immediately upstream from the previously described clavaminate synthase 2-encoding gene (cs2), and cla homologs were only present in streptomycetes which produced clavam compounds. Replacement of cla with a disrupted copy of the gene blocked the production of clavulanic acid in starch asparagine medium (SA).	1
Title: A pathway-specific transcriptional activator regulates late steps of clavulanic acid biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: A Streptomyces clavuligerus gene (designated claR) located downstream from the gene encoding clavaminate synthase in the clavulanic acid biosynthetic gene cluster is involved in regulation of the late steps in clavulanic acid biosynthesis. Nucleotide sequence analysis and database searching of ClaR identified a significant similarity to the helix-turn-helix motif (HTH) region of LysR transcriptional regulators. A gene replacement mutant disrupted in claR was unable to produce clavulanic acid, suggesting that claR is essential for clavulanic acid biosynthesis. Furthermore, the accumulation of clavaminic acid in the claR mutant suggested that ClaR regulates the late steps in the clavulanic acid pathway, i.e. those involved in the conversion of clavaminic acid to clavulanic acid. Transcriptional analysis using RNA isolated from the wild type and the claR mutant showed that the expression of the putative late genes, but not the early genes, was regulated by ClaR. High-resolution S1 nuclease analysis of claR suggested that it is expressed as a monocistronic transcript and also as a bicistronic transcript along with the late gene orf-9. The transcription start site of the monocistronic claR transcript was identified as a C residue 155 nucleotides upstream from the claR start codon.	1
Title: Applications of gene replacement technology to Streptomyces clavuligerus strain development for clavulanic acid production Abstract: Cephamycin C production was blocked in wild-type cultures of the clavulanic acid-producing organism Streptomyces clavuligerus by targeted disruption of the gene (lat) encoding lysine epsilon-aminotransferase. Specific production of clavulanic acid increased in the lat mutants derived from the wild-type strain by 2- to 2.5-fold. Similar beneficial effects on clavulanic acid production were noted in previous studies when gene disruption was used to block the production of the non-clavulanic acid clavams produced by S. clavuligerus. Therefore, mutations in lat and in cvm1, a gene involved in clavam production, were introduced into a high-titer industrial strain of S. clavuligerus to create a double mutant with defects in production of both cephamycin C and clavams. Production of both cephamycin C and non-clavulanic acid clavams was eliminated in the double mutant, and clavulanic acid titers increased about 10% relative to those of the parental strain. This represents the first report of the successful use of genetic engineering to eliminate undesirable metabolic pathways in an industrial strain used for the production of an antibiotic important in human medicine.	1
Title: Expression of ccaR, encoding the positive activator of cephamycin C and clavulanic acid production in Streptomyces clavuligerus, is dependent on bldG Abstract: In Streptomyces coelicolor, bldG encodes a putative anti-anti-sigma factor that regulates both aerial hypha formation and antibiotic production, and a downstream transcriptionally linked open reading frame (orf3) encodes a putative anti-sigma factor protein. A cloned DNA fragment from Streptomyces clavuligerus contained an open reading frame that encoded a protein showing 92% identity to the S. coelicolor BldG protein and 91% identity to the BldG ortholog in Streptomyces avermitilis. Sequencing of the region downstream of bldG in S. clavuligerus revealed the presence of an open reading frame encoding a protein showing 72 and 69% identity to the ORF3 proteins in S. coelicolor and S. avermitilis, respectively. Northern analysis indicated that, as in S. coelicolor, the S. clavuligerus bldG gene is expressed as both a monocistronic and a polycistronic transcript, the latter including the downstream orf3 gene. High-resolution S1 nuclease mapping of S. clavuligerus bldG transcripts revealed the presence of three bldG-specific promoters, and analysis of expression of a bldGp-egfp reporter indicated that the bldG promoter is active at various stages of development and in both substrate and aerial hyphae. A bldG null mutant was defective in both morphological differentiation and in the production of secondary metabolites, such as cephamycin C, clavulanic acid, and the 5S clavams. This inability to produce cephamycin C and clavulanic acid was due to the absence of the CcaR transcriptional regulator, which controls the expression of biosynthetic genes for both secondary metabolites as well as the expression of a second regulator of clavulanic acid biosynthesis, ClaR. This makes bldG the first regulatory protein identified in S. clavuligerus that functions upstream of CcaR and ClaR in a regulatory cascade to control secondary metabolite production.	1
Title: Functional effects of increased copy number of the gene encoding proclavaminate amidino hydrolase on clavulanic acid production in Streptomyces clavuligerus ATCC 27064 Abstract: The effect of increasing levels of proclavaminate amidino hydrolase (Pah) on the rate of clavulanic acid production in Streptomyces clavuligerus ATCC 27064 was evaluated by knock-in a gene (pah2) encoding Pah. A strain (SMF5703) harboring a multicopy plasmid containing the pah2 gene showed significantly retarded cell growth and reduced clavulanic acid production, possibly attributable to the deleterious effects of the multicopy plasmid. In contrast, a strain (SMF5704) carrying a single additional copy of pah2 introduced into chromosome via an integrative plasmid showed enhanced production of clavulanic acid and increased levels of pah2 transcripts. Analysis of transcripts of other genes involved in the clavulanic acid biosynthetic pathway revealed a pattern similar to that seen in the parent. From these results, it appears that clavulanic acid production can be enhanced by duplication of pah2 through integration of a second copy of the gene into chromosome. However, increasing the copy number of only one gene, such as pah2, does not affect the expression of other pathway genes, and so only modest improvements in clavulanic acid production can be expected. Flux controlled by Pah did increase when the copy number of pah2 was doubled, suggesting that under these growth conditions, Pah levels may be a limiting factor regulating the rate of clavulanic acid biosynthesis in S. clavuligerus.	1
Title: A gene located downstream of the clavulanic acid gene cluster in Streptomyces clavuligerus ATCC 27064 encodes a putative response regulator that affects clavulanic acid production Abstract: Three open reading frames denoted as orf21, orf22, and orf23 were identified from downstream of the currently recognized gene cluster for clavulanic acid biosynthesis in Streptomyces clavuligerus ATCC 27064. The new orfs were annotated after in silico analysis as genes encoding a putative sigma factor, a sensor kinase, and a response regulator. The roles of the individual genes were explored by disruption of the corresponding orfs, and the morphological and antibiotic production phenotypes of the resulting mutants were compared. In orf21 and orf22 mutants, no growth or morphological differences were noted, but modest reduction of cephamycin C (orf21), or both cephamycin C and clavulanic acid production (orf22) compared with wild-type, were observed. In orf23 mutant, cell growth and sporulation was retarded, and clavulanic acid and cephamycin C production were reduced to 40 and 47% of wild-type levels, respectively. Conversely, overexpression of orf23 caused precocious hyperproduction of spores on solid medium, and antibiotic production was increased above the levels seen in plasmid control cultures. Transcriptional analyses were also carried out on orf23 and showed that mutation had little effect on transcription of genes associated with the early stages of cephamycin C or clavulanic acid production but transcription of claR, which regulates the late stages of clavulanic acid production, was reduced in orf23 mutants. These observations suggest that the orf23 product may enable S. clavuligerus to respond to environmental changes by altering cell growth and differentiation. In addition, the effects of ORF23 on growth might indirectly regulate the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites such as clavulanic acid and cephamycin C.	1
Title: Crystal structures of an oligopeptide-binding protein from the biosynthetic pathway of the beta-lactamase inhibitor clavulanic acid Abstract: Clavulanic acid (CA) is a clinically important beta-lactamase inhibitor that is produced by fermentation of Streptomyces clavuligerus. The CA biosynthesis pathway starts from arginine and glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate and proceeds via (3S,5S)-clavaminic acid, which is converted to (3R,5R)-clavaldehyde, the immediate precursor of (3R,5R)-CA. Open reading frames 7 (orf7) and 15 (orf15) of the CA biosynthesis cluster encode oligopeptide-binding proteins (OppA1 and OppA2), which are essential for CA biosynthesis. OppA1/2 are proposed to be involved in the binding and/or transport of peptides across the S. clavuligerus cell membrane. Peptide binding assays reveal that recombinant OppA1 and OppA2 bind di-/tripeptides containing arginine and certain nonapeptides including bradykinin. Crystal structures of OppA2 in its apo form and in complex with arginine or bradykinin were solved to 1.45, 1.7, and 1.7 A resolution, respectively. The overall fold of OppA2 consists of two lobes with a deep cavity in the center, as observed for other oligopeptide-binding proteins. The large cavity creates a peptide/arginine binding cleft. The crystal structures of OppA2 in complex with arginine or bradykinin reveal that the C-terminal arginine of bradykinin binds similarly to arginine. The results are discussed in terms of the possible roles of OppA1/2 in CA biosynthesis.	1
Title: Clavulanic acid biosynthesis and genetic manipulation for its overproduction Abstract: Clavulanic acid, a β-lactamase inhibitor, is used together with β-lactam antibiotics to create drug mixtures possessing potent antimicrobial activity. In view of the clinical and industrial importance of clavulanic acid, identification of the clavulanic acid biosynthetic pathway and the associated gene cluster(s) in the main producer species, Streptomyces clavuligerus, has been an intriguing research question. Clavulanic acid biosynthesis was revealed to involve an interesting mechanism common to all of the clavam metabolites produced by the organism, but different from that of other β-lactam compounds. Gene clusters involved in clavulanic acid biosynthesis in S. clavuligerus occupy large regions of nucleotide sequence in three loci of its genome. In this review, clavulanic acid biosynthesis and the associated gene clusters are discussed, and clavulanic acid improvement through genetic manipulation is explained.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the beta-lactam antibiotic tabtoxin in Pseudomonas syringae Abstract: DNA sequence analysis revealed that the biosynthetic genes of the unusual beta-lactam antibiotic tabtoxin reside at the att site adjacent to the lysC tRNA gene in Pseudomonas syringae BR2. ORFs encoded within the region included ones with similarity to beta-lactam synthase and clavaminic acid synthase, as well as amino acid synthesis enzymes. Novel ORFs were present in a portion of the biosynthetic region associated with a toxin hypersensitivity phenotype. Tabtoxin resistance was associated with a fragment containing a major facilitator superfamily (MFS) transporter gene.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the beta-lactam carbapenem thienamycin in Streptomyces cattleya Abstract: beta-lactam ring formation in carbapenem and clavam biosynthesis proceeds through an alternative mechanism to the biosynthetic pathway of classic beta-lactam antibiotics. This involves the participation of a beta-lactam synthetase. Using available information from beta-lactam synthetases, we generated a probe for the isolation of the thienamycin cluster from Streptomyces cattleya. Genes homologous to carbapenem and clavulanic acid biosynthetic genes have been identified. They would participate in early steps of thienamycin biosynthesis leading to the formation of the beta-lactam ring. Other genes necessary for the biosynthesis of thienamycin have also been identified in the cluster (methyltransferases, cysteinyl transferases, oxidoreductases, hydroxylase, etc.) together with two regulatory genes, genes involved in exportation and/or resistance, and a quorum sensing system. Involvement of the cluster in thienamycin biosynthesis was demonstrated by insertional inactivation of several genes generating thienamycin nonproducing mutants.	1
Title: Characterization of gamma-butyrolactone autoregulatory signaling gene homologs in the angucyclinone polyketide WS5995B producer Streptomyces acidiscabies Abstract: Organisms belonging to the genus Streptomyces produce numerous important secondary metabolites and undergo a sophisticated morphological differentiation program. In many instances these processes are under the control of gamma-butyrolactone (GBL) autoregulatory systems. Streptomyces acidiscabies strain 84.104 produces the secondary metabolite aromatic angucyclinone polyketide WS5995B. In order to explore the role of GBL regulatory circuitry in WS5995B production and morphogenesis in S. acidiscabies, a gene cluster encoding GBL autoregulatory signaling homologs was identified and characterized. Two GBL receptor homologs, sabR and sabS, were found flanking a GBL synthase homolog sabA. Strains carrying mutations in sabS produced elevated levels of WS5995B and displayed conditional morphological defects reminiscent of defects seen in Streptomyces bldA mutants. Notably, sabS possesses a TTA codon predicted to be recognized by tRNA(leu). sabA mutants produced higher levels of WS5995B than the wild-type strain but to a lesser extent than the levels of WS5995B seen in sabS mutants. Purified recombinant SabR and SabS were tested for their abilities to bind predicted AT-rich autoregulatory element (ARE) boxes within the sabRAS region. SabS did not bind any DNA sequences in this region, while SabR bound an ARE box in the region upstream of sabS. Quantitative reverse transcription-PCR analysis revealed higher levels of sabS transcript in sabR mutants than in the wild-type strain, suggesting that sabS expression is repressed by SabR. Based on these data, we propose that the S. acidiscabies sabRAS genes encode components of a signaling pathway which participates in the regulation of WS5995B production and morphogenesis.	1
Title: The albonoursin gene Cluster of S noursei biosynthesis of diketopiperazine metabolites independent of nonribosomal peptide synthetases Abstract: Albonoursin [cyclo(deltaPhe-DeltaLeu)], an antibacterial peptide produced by Streptomyces noursei, is one of the simplest representatives of the large diketopiperazine (DKP) family. Formation of alpha,beta unsaturations was previously shown to occur on cyclo(L-Phe-L-Leu), catalyzed by the cyclic dipeptide oxidase (CDO). We used CDO peptide sequence information to isolate a 3.8 kb S. noursei DNA fragment that directs albonoursin biosynthesis in Streptomyces lividans. This fragment encompasses four complete genes: albA and albB, necessary for CDO activity; albC, sufficient for cyclic dipeptide precursor formation, although displaying no similarity to non ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes; and albD, encoding a putative membrane protein. This first isolated DKP biosynthetic gene cluster should help to elucidate the mechanism of DKP formation, totally independent of NRPS, and to characterize novel DKP biosynthetic pathways that could be engineered to increase the molecular diversity of DKP derivatives.	1
Title: Osmotically regulated synthesis of the compatible solute ectoine in Bacillus pasteurii and related Bacillus spp Abstract: By using natural-abundance (13)C-nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis we have investigated the types of compatible solutes that are synthesized de novo in a variety of Bacillus species under high-osmolality growth conditions. Five different patterns of compatible solute production were found among the 13 Bacillus species we studied. Bacillus subtilis, B. licheniformis, and B. megaterium produced proline; B. cereus, B. circulans, B. thuringiensis, Paenibacillus polymyxa, and Aneurinibacillus aneurinilyticus synthesized glutamate; B. alcalophilus, B. psychrophilus, and B. pasteurii synthesized ectoine; and Salibacillus (formerly Bacillus) salexigens produced both ectoine and hydroxyectoine, whereas Virgibacillus (formerly Bacillus) pantothenticus synthesized both ectoine and proline. Hence, the ability to produce the tetrahydropyrimidine ectoine under hyperosmotic growth conditions is widespread within the genus Bacillus and closely related taxa. To study ectoine biosynthesis within the group of Bacillus species in greater detail, we focused on B. pasteurii. We cloned and sequenced its ectoine biosynthetic genes (ectABC). The ectABC genes encode the diaminobutyric acid acetyltransferase (EctA), the diaminobutyric acid aminotransferase (EctB), and the ectoine synthase (EctC). Together these proteins constitute the ectoine biosynthetic pathway, and their heterologous expression in B. subtilis led to the production of ectoine. Northern blot analysis demonstrated that the ectABC genes are genetically organized as an operon whose expression is strongly enhanced when the osmolality of the growth medium is raised. Primer extension analysis allowed us to pinpoint the osmoregulated promoter of the B. pasteurii ectABC gene cluster. HPLC analysis of osmotically challenged B. pasteurii cells revealed that ectoine production within this bacterium is finely tuned and closely correlated with the osmolality of the growth medium. These observations together with the osmotic control of ectABC transcription suggest that the de novo synthesis of ectoine is an important facet in the cellular adaptation of B. pasteurii to high-osmolarity surroundings.	1
Title: Functional expression of the ectoine hydroxylase gene (thpD) from Streptomyces chrysomallus in Halomonas elongata Abstract: The formation of hydroxyectoine in the industrial ectoine producer Halomonas elongata was improved by the heterologous expression of the ectoine hydroxylase gene, thpD, from Streptomyces chrysomallus. The efficient conversion of ectoine to hydroxyectoine was achieved by the concerted regulation of thpD by the H. elongata ectA promoter.	1
Title: Characterization of the ectoine biosynthesis genes of haloalkalotolerant obligate methanotroph "Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum 20Z" Abstract: The genes involved in biosynthesis of the major compatible solute ectoine (1,4,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methylpyrimidine carboxylic acid) in halotolerant obligate methanotroph "Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum 20Z" were studied. The complete nucleotide sequences of the structural genes encoding L: -aspartokinase (Ask), L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid transaminase (EctB), L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid acetyltransferase (EctA), and L-ectoine synthase (EctC) were defined and shown to be transcribed as a single operon ectABCask. Phylogenetic analysis revealed high sequence identities (34-63%) of the Ect proteins to those from halophilic heterotrophs with the highest amino acid identities being to Vibrio cholerae enzymes. The chromosomal DNA fragment from "M. alcaliphilum 20Z" containing ectABC genes and putative promoter region was expressed in Escherichia coli. Recombinant cells could grow in the presence of 4% NaCl and synthesize ectoine. The data obtained suggested that despite the ectoine biosynthesis pathway being evolutionary well conserved with respect to the genes and enzymes involved, some differences in their organization and regulation could occur in various halophilic bacteria.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of EctR1, a new transcriptional regulator of the ectoine biosynthesis genes in the halotolerant methanotroph Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum 20Z Abstract: Genes encoding key enzymes of the ectoine biosynthesis pathway in the halotolerant obligate methanotroph Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum 20Z have been shown to be organized into an ectABC-ask operon. Transcription of the ect operon is initiated from two promoters, ectAp(1) and ectAp(2) (ectAp(1)p(2)), similar to the sigma(70)-dependent promoters of Escherichia coli. Upstream of the gene cluster, an open reading frame (ectR1) encoding a MarR-like transcriptional regulator was identified. Investigation of the influence of EctR1 on the activity of the ectAp(1)p(2) promoters in wild-type M. alcaliphilum 20Z and ectR1 mutant strains suggested that EctR1 is a negative regulator of the ectABC-ask operon. Purified recombinant EctR1-His(6) specifically binds as a homodimer to the putative -10 motif of the ectAp(1) promoter. The EctR1 binding site contains a pseudopalindromic sequence (TATTTAGT-GT-ACTATATA) composed of 8-bp half-sites separated by 2 bp. Transcription of the ectR1 gene is initiated from a single sigma(70)-like promoter. The location of the EctR1 binding site between the transcriptional and translational start sites of the ectR1 gene suggests that EctR1 may regulate its own expression. The data presented suggest that in Methylomicrobium alcaliphilum 20Z, EctR1-mediated control of the transcription of the ect genes is not the single mechanism for the regulation of ectoine biosynthesis.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the eicosapentaenoic acid biosynthesis gene cluster from Shewanella sp. BR-2 Abstract: Forty-four eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA)-producing microbial strains were isolated from the intestines of marine fishes. Among them, one strain showing a maximum level of EPA (4.78%of total fatty acids) was identified as Shewanella sp. BR-2 on the basis of its 16S rRNA sequence. The EPA content reached a maximum level during the mid-exponential phase of cell growth, and gradually decreased with further growth of the cells. A cosmid DNA including the EPA biosynthesis gene cluster consisting of pfaA-E was isolated from a cosmid library of genomic DNA of Shewanella sp. BR-2, named pCosEPA-BR2. An E. coli clone harboring pCosEPA-BR2 produced EPA at a maximum level of 7.5%of total fatty acids, confirming the EPA biosynthesis activity of the cloned gene cluster.	1
Title: Expression of the eicosapentaenoic acid synthesis gene cluster from Shewanella sp. in a transgenic marine cyanobacterium, Synechococcus sp Abstract: The eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) synthesis gene cluster isolated from a marine bacterium, Shewanella putrefaciens strain SCRC-2738, was cloned and expressed in the marine cyanobacterium Synechococcus sp. A broad-host-range cosmid vector, pJRD215 (10.2 kb, Smr Kmr), was used to clone a 38 kb insert, pEPA, containing the EPA synthesis gene cluster, creating plasmid pJRDEPA (approx. 48 kb). This plasmid was transferred to the cyanobacterial host at a frequency of 2.2 x 10(-7). Cyanobacterial transconjugants grown at 29 degrees C produced 0.12 mg EPA (g dry weight)-1, whereas those grown at 23 degrees C produced 0.56 mg EPA (g dry weight)-1. The yield was further improved to 0.64 mg (g dry weight)-1 by incubation for 1 d at 17 degrees C. This is believed to be the first successful cloning and expression of such a large heterologous gene cluster in a marine cyanobacterium.	1
Title: pfaB products determine the molecular species produced in bacterial polyunsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis Abstract: When pDHA4, a vector carrying all five pfaA-pfaE genes responsible for docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6) biosynthesis in Moritella marina MP-1, was coexpressed in Escherichia coli with the individual pfaA-pfaD genes for eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5) biosynthesis from Shewanella pneumatophori SCRC-2738, both polyunsaturated fatty acids were synthesized only in the recombinant carrying pfaB for EPA synthesis. Escherichia coli coexpressing a deleted construct comprising pfaA, pfaC, pfaD and pfaE for EPA and pfaB for DHA produced EPA and DHA. Both EPA and DHA were detected in bacteria that inherently contained pfa genes for DHA. These results suggest that PfaB is the key enzyme determining the final product in EPA or DHA biosynthesis.	1
Title: A phosphopantetheinyl transferase gene essential for biosynthesis of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from Moritella marina strain MP-1 Abstract: A phosphopantetheinyl transferase (PPTase) gene (pfaE), cloned from the docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)-producing bacterium Moritella marina strain MP-1, has an open reading frame of 861 bp encoding a 287-amino acid protein. When the pfaE gene was expressed with pfaA-D, which are four out of five essential genes for biosynthesis of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) derived from Shewanella pneumatophori SCRC-2738 in Escherichia coli, the recombinant produced 12% EPA of total fatty acids. This suggests that pfaE encodes a PPTase required for producing n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, which is probably involved in the synthesis of DHA in M. marina strain MP-1.	1
Title: Structure and regulation of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid synthase genes from the deep-sea bacterium Photobacterium profundum strain SS9 Abstract: Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as eicosapentaenoic acid (20:5n-3; EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3; DHA) have been shown to be of major importance in the promotion of cardiovascular health, proper human development and the prevention of some cancers. A high proportion of bacterial isolates from low-temperature and high-pressure marine environments produce EPA or DHA. This paper presents the sequence of a 33 kbp locus from the deep-sea bacterium Photobacterium profundum strain SS9 which includes four of the five genes required for EPA biosynthesis. As with other bacterial pfa (polyunsaturated fatty acid) genes, the deduced amino acid sequences encoded by the SS9 genes reveal large multidomain proteins that are likely to catalyse EPA biosynthesis by a novel polyketide synthesis mechanism. RNase protection experiments separated the SS9 pfa genes into two transcriptional units, pfaA-C and pfaD. The pfaA transcriptional start site was identified. Cultivation at elevated hydrostatic pressure or reduced temperature did not increase pfa gene expression despite the resulting increase in percentage composition of EPA under these conditions. However, a regulatory mutant was characterized which showed both increased expression of pfaA-D and elevated EPA percentage composition. This result suggests that a regulatory factor exists which coordinates pfaA-D transcription. Additional consideration regarding the activities required for PUFA synthesis is provided together with comparative analyses of bacterial pfa genes and gene products.	1
Title: Polyhydroxyalkanoate accumulation in Burkholderia sp.: a molecular approach to elucidate the genes involved in the formation of two homopolymers consisting of short-chain-length 3-hydroxyalkanoic acids Abstract: Burkholderia sp. accumulates polyhydrox-yalkanoates (PHAs) containing 3-hydroxybutyrate and 3-hydroxy-4-pentenoic acid when grown on mineral media under limited phosphate or nitrogen, and using sucrose or gluconate as a carbon and energy source. Solvent fractionation and NMR spectroscopic characterization of these polyesters revealed the simultaneous accumulation of two homopolyesters rather than a co-polyester with random sequence distribution of the monomers [Valentin HE, Berger PA, Gruys KJ, Rodrigues MFA, Steinbuchel A, Tran M, Asrar J (1999) Macromolecules 32: 7389-7395]. To understand the genetic requirements for such unusual polyester accumulation, we probed total genomic DNA from Burkholderia sp. by Southern hybridization experiments using phaC-specific probes. These experiments indicated the presence of more than one PHA synthase gene within the genome of Burkholderia sp. However, when total genomic DNA from Burkholderia sp. was used to complement a PHA-negative mutant of Ralstonia eutropha for PHA accumulation, only one PHA synthase gene was obtained resembling the R. eutropha type of PHA synthases, based on amino acid sequence similarity. In addition to the PHA synthase gene, based on high sequence homology, genes encoding a beta-ketothiolase and acetoacetyl-CoA reductase were identified in a gene cluster with the PHA synthase gene. The arrangement of the three genes is quite similar to the R. eutropha poly-beta-hydroxybutyrate biosynthesis operon.	1
Title: Poly(hydroxyalkanoic acid) Biosynthesis in Ectothiorhodospirashaposhnikovii: Characterization and Reactivity of a Type III PHA Synthase Abstract: Ectothiorhodospira shaposhnikovii is able to accumulate polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB) photoautotrophically during nitrogen-limited growth. The activity of polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) synthase in the cells correlates with PHB accumulation. PHA synthase samples collected during the light period do not show a lag phase during in vitro polymerization. Synthase samples collected in the dark period displays a significant lag phase during in vitro polymerization. The lag phase can be eliminated by reacting the PHA synthase with the monomer, 3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA (3HBCoA). The PHA synthase genes (phaC and phaE) were cloned by screening a genomic library for PHA accumulation in E. coli cells. The PHA synthase expressed in the recombinant E. coli cells was purified to homogeneity. Both sequence analysis and biochemical studies indicated that this PHA synthase consists of two subunits, PhaE and PhaC and, therefore, belongs to the type III PHA synthases. Two major complexes were identified in preparations of purified PHA synthase. The large complex appears to be composed of 12 PhaC subunits and 12 PhaE subunits (dodecamer), whereas the small complex appears to be composed of 6 PhaC and 6 PhaE subunits (hexamer). In dilute aqueous solution, the synthase is predominantly composed of hexamer and has low activity accompanied with a significant lag period at the initial stage of reaction. The percentage of dodecameric complex increases with increasing salt concentration. The dodecameric complex has a greatly increased specific activity for the polymerization of 3HBCoA and a negligible lag period. The results from in vitro polymerizations of 3HBCoA suggest that the PHA synthase from E. shaposhnikovii may catalyze a living polymerization and demonstrate that two PhaC and two PhaE subunits comprise a single catalytic site in the synthase complex.	1
Title: Teichuronic acid operon of Bacillus subtilis 168 Abstract: Sequence analysis reveals that the Bacillus subtilis 168 tuaABCDEFGH operon encodes enzymes required for the polymerization of teichuronic acid as well as for the synthesis of one of its precursors, the UDP-glucuronate. Mutants deficient in any of the tua genes, grown in batch cultures under conditions of phosphate limitation, were characterized by reduced amounts of uronate in their cell walls. The teichuronic acid operon belongs to the Pho regulon, as phosphate limitation induces its transcription. Placing the tuaABCDEFGH operon under the control of the inducible Pspac promoter allowed its constitutive expression independently of the phosphate concentration in the medium; the level of uronic acid in cell walls was dependent on the concentration of the inducer. Apparently, owing to an interdependence between teichoic and teichuronic acid incorporation into the cell wall, in examined growth conditions, the balance between the two polymers is maintained in order to insure a constant level of the wall negative charge.	1
Title: Metagenomic natural product discovery in lichen provides evidence for a family of biosynthetic pathways in diverse symbioses Abstract: Bacteria are a major source of natural products that provide rich opportunities for both chemical and biological investigation. Although the vast majority of known bacterial metabolites derive from free-living organisms, increasing evidence supports the widespread existence of chemically prolific bacteria living in symbioses. A strategy based on bioinformatic prediction, symbiont cultivation, isotopic enrichment, and advanced analytics was used to characterize a unique polyketide, nosperin, from a lichen-associated Nostoc sp. cyanobacterium. The biosynthetic gene cluster and the structure of nosperin, determined from 30 μg of compound, are related to those of the pederin group previously known only from nonphotosynthetic bacteria associated with beetles and marine sponges. The presence of this natural product family in such highly dissimilar associations suggests that some bacterial metabolites may be specific to symbioses with eukaryotes and encourages exploration of other symbioses for drug discovery and better understanding of ecological interactions mediated by complex bacterial metabolites.	1
Title: The genetics of cell wall biosynthesis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis Abstract: Despite an available vaccine and effective antibiotics, Mycobacterium tuberculosis is still the causative agent of almost 2 million deaths every year. The cell wall of M. tuberculosis is composed of sugars and lipids of exotic structure, many of which contribute to its pathogenicity. The majority of the enzymes responsible for building this structure are essential. However, they share very little homology with well-characterized enzymes, which makes their identification in the genome difficult. Despite this, our knowledge of the structure of the cell wall of M. tuberculosis is fairly complete and an increasing number of genes have been identified that are involved in its biosynthesis. By contrast, data concerning regulation of the expression of these genes and control of the cell wall composition are restricted. This review summarizes current information on the genetics of cell wall biosynthesis in M. tuberculosis, incorporating available data on gene organization and regulation.	1
Title: A multifunctional enzyme is involved in bacterial ether lipid biosynthesis Abstract: Fatty acid-derived ether lipids are present not only in most vertebrates but also in some bacteria. Here we describe what is to our knowledge the first gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of such lipids in myxobacteria that encodes the multifunctional enzyme ElbD, which shows similarity to polyketide synthases. Initial characterization of elbD mutants in Myxococcus xanthus and Stigmatella aurantiaca showed the importance of these ether lipids for fruiting body formation and sporulation.	1
Title: The ard1 gene from Streptomyces capreolus encodes a polypeptide of the ABC-transporters superfamily which confers resistance to the aminonucleoside antibiotic A201A Abstract: A gene (ard1) encoding resistance to the aminonucleoside antibiotic A201A was cloned from Streptomyces capreolus NRRL 3817, the producing organism, and expressed in Streptomyces lividans. The gene ard1 induced antibiotic resistance that was highly specific for A201A. The nucleotide sequence of ard1 contains an open reading frame of 1677 bp. Transcription initiation was found to take place approximately 86 nucleotides preceding the ATG translation-initiation codon, indicating that ard1 is transcribed from its own promoter. The deduced protein sequence (Ard1, 558 amino acids) presents two ATP-binding domains with significant similarities to those of the ATP-binding cassette transporters (ABC-transporters) superfamily, including some that confer drug resistance in a variety of antibiotic-producing Streptomyces, other Gram-positive bacteria and eukaryotic cells. As is probably the case for most of these proteins, the mechanism of A201A resistance conferred by Ard1 is an active efflux energized by ATP hydrolysis.	1
Title: The aminonucleoside antibiotic A201A is inactivated by a phosphotransferase activity from Streptomyces capreolus NRRL 3817, the producing organism. Isolation and molecular characterization of the relevant encoding gene and its DNA flanking regions Abstract: A novel resistance determinant (ard2) to the aminonucleoside antibiotic A201A was cloned from Streptomyces capreolus NRRL 3817, the producing organism, and expressed in Streptomyces lividans. Sequencing and subcloning experiments of a 3-kb fragment localized ard2 to an ORF of 591 nucleotides. Cell-free extracts from both S. capreolus and S. lividans (ard2) were shown to phosphorylate A201A in an ATP-dependent reaction. The resulting product (P-A201A) was purified and shown to lack any detectable biological activity against a gram-positive indicator organism. Phosphorylation by Ard2 takes place on the hydroxyl group at C2 of the unsaturated hexofuranose moiety of A201A, as shown by 1H-NMR analysis of purified P-A201A. The expression of ard2 appears to be developmentally controlled. In addition to ard2, the sequenced DNA fragment contained two incomplete ORFs (2 and 5) and one complete ORF (4), which appear to determine enzymes of the A201A biosynthetic pathway. Whereas the deduced product of ORF2 did not show any similarity to proteins in data banks, those of ORF5 and ORF4 encode putative glycosyltransferase and ketoreductase activities, respectively. ard2 and these three ORFs seem to be transcribed in a single polycistronic transcript, which supports the notion that they are a part of an A201A biosynthetic gene cluster.	1
Title: Identification of a set of genes involved in the biosynthesis of the aminonucleoside moiety of antibiotic A201A from Streptomyces capreolus Abstract: A novel cosmid (pABC6.5) whose DNA insert from Streptomyces capreolus, the A201A antibiotic producer, overlaps the inserts of the previously reported pCAR11 and pCAR13 cosmids, has been isolated. These two latter cosmids were known to contain the aminonucleoside antibiotic A201A resistance determinants ard2 and ard1, respectively. Together, these three cosmids have permitted the identification of a DNA stretch of 19 kb between ard1 and ard2, which should comprise a large region of a putative A201A biosynthetic (ata) gene cluster. The sequence of the 7 kb upstream of ard1 towards ard2 reveals seven consecutive open reading frames: ataP3, ataP5, ataP4, ataP10, ataP7, ata12 and ataPKS1. Except for the last two, their deduced products present high similarities to an identical number of counterparts from the pur cluster of Streptomyces alboniger that were either known or proposed to be implicated in the biosynthesis of the N6,N6-dimethyl-3'-amino-3'-deoxyadenosine moiety of puromycin. Because A201A contains this chemical moiety, these ataP genes are most likely implicated in its biosynthesis. Accordingly, the ataP4, ataP5 and ataP10 genes complemented specific puromycin nonproducing Deltapur4, Deltapur5 and Deltapur10 mutants of S. alboniger, respectively. Amino acid sequence comparisons suggest that ata12 and ataPKS1 could be implicated in the biosynthesis of the d-rhamnose and alpha-p-coumaric acid moieties of A201A. Further sequencing of 2 kb of DNA downstream of ard1 has disclosed a region which might contain one end of the ata cluster.	1
Title: The blasticidin S biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces griseochromogenes: sequence analysis, organization, and initial characterization Abstract: Blasticidin S is a potent antifungal and cytotoxic peptidyl nucleoside antibiotic from Streptomyces griseochromogenes. The mixed biosynthesis of the compound is evident from the three distinct structural components: a cytosine base, an amino deoxyglucuronic acid, and N-methyl beta-arginine. The blasticidin S biosynthesis gene cluster was cloned from S. griseochromogenes and the pathway heterologously expressed in S. lividans from a cosmid harboring a 36.7-kb fragment of S. griseochromogenes DNA. The complete DNA sequence of this insert has now been determined and evidence suggests a contiguous 20-kb section defines the blasticidin S biosynthesis cluster. The predicted functions of several open reading frames are consistent with the expected biochemistry and include an arginine 2,3-aminomutase, a cytosylglucuronic acid synthase, and a guanidino N-methyltransferase. Insight into other steps in the assembly of blasticidin S was evident from sequence homology with proteins of known function and heterologous expression of fragments of the cluster. Additionally, the gene that directs the production of free cytosine, blsM, was subcloned and expressed in Escherichia coli. Characterization of BlsM revealed that cytidine monophosphate serves as the precursor to cytosine.	1
Title: Identification and manipulation of the caprazamycin gene cluster lead to new simplified liponucleoside antibiotics and give insights into the biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Caprazamycins are potent anti-mycobacterial liponucleoside antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces sp. MK730-62F2 and belong to the translocase I inhibitor family. Their complex structure is derived from 5'-(beta-O-aminoribosyl)-glycyluridine and comprises a unique N-methyldiazepanone ring. The biosynthetic gene cluster has been identified, cloned, and sequenced, representing the first gene cluster of a translocase I inhibitor. Sequence analysis revealed the presence of 23 open reading frames putatively involved in export, resistance, regulation, and biosynthesis of the caprazamycins. Heterologous expression of the gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M512 led to the production of non-glycosylated bioactive caprazamycin derivatives. A set of gene deletions validated the boundaries of the cluster and inactivation of cpz21 resulted in the accumulation of novel simplified liponucleoside antibiotics that lack the 3-methylglutaryl moiety. Therefore, Cpz21 is assigned to act as an acyltransferase in caprazamycin biosynthesis. In vivo and in silico analysis of the caprazamycin biosynthetic gene cluster allows a first proposal of the biosynthetic pathway and provides insights into the biosynthesis of related uridyl-antibiotics.	1
Title: A new arylsulfate sulfotransferase involved in liponucleoside antibiotic biosynthesis in streptomycetes Abstract: Sulfotransferases are involved in a variety of physiological processes and typically use 3'-phosphoadenosine 5'-phosphosulfate (PAPS) as the sulfate donor substrate. In contrast, microbial arylsulfate sulfotransferases (ASSTs) are PAPS-independent and utilize arylsulfates as sulfate donors. Yet, their genuine acceptor substrates are unknown. In this study we demonstrate that Cpz4 from Streptomyces sp. MK730-62F2 is an ASST-type sulfotransferase responsible for the formation of sulfated liponucleoside antibiotics. Gene deletion mutants showed that cpz4 is required for the production of sulfated caprazamycin derivatives. Cloning, overproduction, and purification of Cpz4 resulted in a 58-kDa soluble protein. The enzyme catalyzed the transfer of a sulfate group from p-nitrophenol sulfate (K(m) 48.1 microM, k(cat) 0.14 s(-1)) and methyl umbelliferone sulfate (K(m) 34.5 microM, k(cat) 0.15 s(-1)) onto phenol (K(m) 25.9 and 29.7 mM, respectively). The Cpz4 reaction proceeds by a ping pong bi-bi mechanism. Several structural analogs of intermediates of the caprazamycin biosynthetic pathway were synthesized and tested as substrates of Cpz4. Des-N-methyl-acyl-caprazol was converted with highest efficiency 100 times faster than phenol. The fatty acyl side chain and the uridyl moiety seem to be important for substrate recognition by Cpz4. Liponucleosides, partially purified from various mutant strains, were readily sulfated by Cpz4 using p-nitrophenol sulfate. No product formation could be observed with PAPS as the donor substrate. Sequence homology of Cpz4 to the previously examined ASSTs is low. However, numerous orthologs are encoded in microbial genomes and represent interesting subjects for future investigations.	1
Title: Formation and attachment of the deoxysugar moiety and assembly of the gene cluster for caprazamycin biosynthesis Abstract: Caprazamycins are antimycobacterials produced by Streptomyces sp. MK730-62F2. Previously, cosmid cpzLK09 was shown to direct the biosynthesis of caprazamycin aglycones, but not of intact caprazamycins. Sequence analysis of cpzLK09 identified 23 genes involved in the formation of the caprazamycin aglycones and the transfer and methylation of the sugar moiety, together with genes for resistance, transport, and regulation. In this study, coexpression of cpzLK09 in Streptomyces coelicolor M512 with pRHAM, containing all the required genes for dTDP-l-rhamnose biosynthesis, led to the production of intact caprazamycins. In vitro studies showed that Cpz31 is responsible for the attachment of the l-rhamnose to the caprazamycin aglycones, generating a rare acylated deoxyhexose. An l-rhamnose gene cluster was identified elsewhere on the Streptomyces sp. MK730-62F2 genome, and its involvement in caprazamycin formation was demonstrated by insertional inactivation of cpzDIII. The l-rhamnose subcluster was assembled with cpzLK09 using Red/ET-mediated recombination. Heterologous expression of the resulting cosmid, cpzEW07, led to the production of caprazamycins, demonstrating that both sets of genes are required for caprazamycin biosynthesis. Knockouts of cpzDI and cpzDV in the l-rhamnose subcluster confirmed that four genes, cpzDII, cpzDIII, cpzDIV, and cpzDVI, are sufficient for the biosynthesis of the deoxysugar moiety. The presented recombineering strategy may provide a useful tool for the assembly of biosynthetic building blocks for heterologous production of microbial compounds.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of the biosynthetic gene clusters of coumermycin A(1), clorobiocin and caprazamycins in genetically modified Streptomyces coelicolor strains Abstract: The biosynthetic gene clusters of the aminocoumarin antibiotics clorobiocin and coumermycin A(1) and of the liponucleoside antibiotic caprazamycin were stably integrated into the genomes of different host strains derived from Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). For the heterologous expression of clorobiocin derivatives in a chemically defined medium, inclusion of 0.6% of the siloxylated ethylene oxide/propylene oxide copolymer Q2-5247 into the growth medium proved to result in a 4.8-fold increase of productivity. Presumably, this copolymer acts as an oxygen carrier. The additional inclusion of cobalt chloride (0.2-2 mg l(-1)) dramatically increased the percentage of the desired compound clorobiocin within the total produced clorobiocin derivatives. This is very likely due to a stimulation of a cobalamin-dependent methylation reaction catalyzed by the enzyme CloN6 of clorobiocin biosynthesis. All three investigated host strains (S. coelicolor M512, M1146 and M1154) gave similar production rates of total clorobiocin derivatives (on average, 158 mg l(-1) in the presence of 0.6% Q2-5247 and 0.2 mg l(-1) CoCl(2)). In contrast, heterologous production of caprazamycin derivatives was optimal in strain M1154 (amounts of 152 mg l(-1) on average).	1
Title: A two-step sulfation in antibiotic biosynthesis requires a type III polyketide synthase Abstract: Caprazamycins (CPZs) belong to a group of liponucleoside antibiotics inhibiting the bacterial MraY translocase, an essential enzyme involved in peptidoglycan biosynthesis. We have recently identified analogs that are decorated with a sulfate group at the 2″-hydroxy of the aminoribosyl moiety, and we now report an unprecedented two-step sulfation mechanism during the biosynthesis of CPZs. A type III polyketide synthase (PKS) known as Cpz6 is used in the biosynthesis of a group of new triketide pyrones that are subsequently sulfated by an unusual 3'-phosphoadenosine-5'-phosphosulfate (PAPS)-dependent sulfotransferase (Cpz8) to yield phenolic sulfate esters, which serve as sulfate donors for a PAPS-independent arylsulfate sulfotransferase (Cpz4) to generate sulfated CPZs. This finding is to our knowledge the first demonstration of genuine sulfate donors for an arylsulfate sulfotransferase and the first report of a type III PKS to generate a chemical reagent in bacterial sulfate metabolism.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of two genes from Streptomyces tendae Tü901 required for the formation of the 4-formyl-4-imidazolin-2-one-containing nucleoside moiety of the peptidyl nucleoside antibiotic nikkomycin Abstract: The genes nikQ and nikR were identified by sequencing DNA of the nikkomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces tendae Tü901/8c. The nikQ gene encodes a P450 cytochrome, and the predicted NikR gene product shows 48-56% sequence identity with uracil phosphoribosyltransferases from eukaryotic organisms. The nikQ and nikR genes were inactivated separately by insertion of a kanamycin-resistance cassette. Inactivation of the nikQ gene abolished synthesis of nikkomycins containing 4-formyl-4-imidazolin-2-one as the base (nikkomycins X and I), whereas production of nikkomycins containing uracil (nikkomycins Z and J) was not affected. Nikkomycin X and I production could be restored by feeding 4-formyl-4-imidazolin-2-one to the nikQ mutants, indicating that NikQ is responsible for its formation from L-histidine. Disruption of the nikR gene resulted in formation of decreased amounts of nikkomycins X and I, whereas nikkomycins Z and J were synthesized at wild-type levels. A fluorouracil-resistant nikR mutant lacking uracil phosphoribosyltransferase (UPRTase) activity did not synthesize nikkomycins X and I and accumulated 4-formyl-4-imidazolin-2-one in its culture filtrate, whereas formation of nikkomycins Z and J was unimpaired. The mutant was complemented to nikkomycin X and I production by nikR expressed from the mel promoter of plasmid pIJ702. The nikR gene expressed in Escherichia coli led to the production of UPRTase activity. Our results indicate that NikR converts 4-formyl-4-imidazolin-2-one to yield 5'-phosphoribosyl-4-formyl-4-imidazolin-2-one, the precursor of nikkomycins containing this base.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of co-transcribed genes from Streptomyces tendae Tü901 involved in the biosynthesis of the peptidyl moiety and assembly of the peptidyl nucleoside antibiotic nikkomycin Abstract: Six genes (nikP1, nikP2, nikS, nikT, nikU, and nikV) from Streptomyces tendae Tu901 were identified by analysis of the nucleotide sequence of the nikkomycin gene cluster. These genes, together with the previously described nikQ and nikR, span 9.39 kb and are transcribed as a polycistronic mRNA in a growth-phase-dependent manner. The nikP1 gene encodes a non-ribosomal peptide synthase consisting of an adenylation domain, a thiolation domain, and an N-terminal 70-residue segment of unknown function. The amino acid sequence encoded by the nikP2 gene displays similarity to the sequences of thioesterases, and the nikS product belongs to a superfamily of proteins characterized by a specific ATP-binding fold. The N-terminal 70 amino acids of the predicted nikT gene product show significant sequence similarity to acyl carrier proteins, and the C-terminal 330 amino acids to aminotransferases. The sequences of the deduced proteins NikU and NikV exhibit similarity to components S and E, respectively, of glutamate mutase from Clostridium. Disruption of the nikP1, nikS, nikT, or nikV gene by insertion of a kanamycin resistance cassette abolished formation of nikkomycins I, J, X, and Z, all of which contain hydroxypyridylhomothreonine as the peptidyl moiety. The nikP1 mutants, and the nikS and nikT mutants accumulated the nucleoside moieties nikkomycin Cz, and nikkomycins Cx and Cz, respectively. The nikV mutants formed nikkomycins Ox and Oz, which contain 2-amino-4-hydroxy-4-(3'-hydroxy-6'-pyridyl) butanoic acid as the peptidyl moiety. The nikP2 mutants synthesized nikkomycins I, J, X, and Z, but amounts of nikkomycins I and X, which contain formylimidazolone as the base, were lower. Feeding formylimidazolone to nikP2 mutants restored the ability to form nikkomycins I and X. Our results indicate that nikU and nikV are required for the synthesis of hydroxypyridylhomothreonine, the genes nikP1, nikP2 and nikS are required for the assembly of nikkomycins, and nikT is required for both pathways. The putative activities of each of their products are discussed.	1
Title: Characterization of the polyoxin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces cacaoi and engineered production of polyoxin H Abstract: A gene cluster (pol) essential for the biosynthesis of polyoxin, a nucleoside antibiotic widely used for the control of phytopathogenic fungi, was cloned from Streptomyces cacaoi. A 46,066-bp region was sequenced, and 20 of 39 of the putative open reading frames were defined as necessary for polyoxin biosynthesis as evidenced by its production in a heterologous host, Streptomyces lividans TK24. The role of PolO and PolA in polyoxin synthesis was demonstrated by in vivo experiments, and their functions were unambiguously characterized as O-carbamoyltransferase and UMP-enolpyruvyltransferase, respectively, by in vitro experiments, which enabled the production of a modified compound differing slightly from that proposed earlier. These studies should provide a solid foundation for the elucidation of the molecular mechanisms for polyoxin biosynthesis, and set the stage for combinatorial biosynthesis using genes encoding different pathways for nucleoside antibiotics.	1
Title: polR, a pathway-specific transcriptional regulatory gene, positively controls polyoxin biosynthesis in Streptomyces cacaoi subsp. asoensis Abstract: The polyoxin (POL) biosynthetic gene cluster (pol) was recently cloned from Streptomyces cacaoi subsp. asoensis. A 3.3 kb DNA fragment carrying an obvious open reading frame (polR), whose deduced product shows sequence similarity to SanG of Streptomyces ansochromogenes and PimR of Streptomyces natalensis, was revealed within the pol gene cluster. Disruption of polR abolished POL production, which could be complemented by the integration of a single copy of polR into the chromosome of the non-producing mutant. The introduction of an extra copy of polR in the wild-type strain resulted in increased production of POLs. The transcription start point (tsp) of polR was determined by S1 mapping. Reverse transcriptase PCR experiments showed that PolR is required for the transcription of 18 structural genes in the pol gene cluster. Furthermore, we showed that polC and polB, the respective first genes of two putative operons (polC-polQ2 and polA-polB) consisting of 16 and 2 of these 18 genes, have similar promoter structures. Gel retardation assays indicated that PolR has specific DNA-binding activity for the promoter regions of polC and polB. Our data suggest that PolR acts in a positive manner to regulate POL production by activating the transcription of at least two putative operons in the pol gene cluster.	1
Title: The biosynthetic pathway of the aminonucleoside antibiotic puromycin, as deduced from the molecular analysis of the pur cluster of Streptomyces alboniger Abstract: The pur cluster which encodes the puromycin biosynthetic pathway from Streptomyces alboniger was subcloned as a 13-kilobase fragment in plasmid pIJ702 and expressed in an apparently regulated manner in the heterologous host Streptomyces lividans. The sequencing of a 9.1-kilobase DNA fragment completed the sequence of pur. This permitted identification of seven new open reading frames in the order: napH, pur7, pur10, pur6, pur4, pur5, and pur3. The latter is followed by the known pac, dmpM, and pur8 genes. Nine open reading frames are transcribed rightward as a unit in opposite direction to that of the pur8 gene which is expressed as a monocistronic transcript from the right-most end. napH encodes the known N-acetylpuromycin N-acetylhydrolase. The deduced products from other open reading frames present similarities to: NTP pyrophosphohydrolases (pur7), several oxidoreductases (pur10), the putative LmbC protein of the lincomycin biosynthetic pathway from Streptomyces lincolnensis (pur6), S-adenosylmethionine-dependent methyltransferases (pur5), a variety of presumed aminotransferases (pur4), and several monophosphatases (pur3). According to these similarities and to previous biochemical work, a puromycin biosynthetic pathway has been deduced. No cluster-associated regulatory gene was found. However, both pur10 and pur6 genes contain a TTA codon, which suggests that they are translationally controlled by the bldA gene product, a specific tRNA(Leu).	1
Title: Deciphering deazapurine biosynthesis: pathway for pyrrolopyrimidine nucleosides toyocamycin and sangivamycin Abstract: Pyrrolopyrimidine nucleosides analogs, collectively referred to as deazapurines, are an important class of structurally diverse compounds found in a wide variety of biological niches. In this report, a cluster of genes from Streptomyces rimosus (ATCC 14673) involved in production of the deazapurine antibiotics sangivamycin and toyocamycin was identified. The cluster includes toyocamycin nitrile hydratase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of toyocamycin to sangivamycin. In addition to this rare nitrile hydratase, the cluster encodes a GTP cyclohydrolase I, linking the biosynthesis of deazapurines to folate biosynthesis, and a set of purine salvage/biosynthesis genes, which presumably convert the guanine moiety from GTP to the adenine-like deazapurine base found in toyocamycin and sangivamycin. The gene cluster presented here could potentially serve as a model to allow identification of deazapurine biosynthetic pathways in other bacterial species.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the tunicamycin antibiotics proceeds via unique exo-glycal intermediates Abstract: The tunicamycins are archetypal nucleoside antibiotics targeting bacterial peptidoglycan biosynthesis and eukaryotic protein N-glycosylation. Understanding the biosynthesis of their unusual carbon framework may lead to variants with improved selectivity. Here, we demonstrate in vitro recapitulation of key sugar-manipulating enzymes from this pathway. TunA is found to exhibit unusual regioselectivity in the reduction of a key α,β-unsaturated ketone. The product of this reaction is shown to be the preferred substrate for TunF--an epimerase that converts the glucose derivative to a galactose. In Streptomyces strains in which another gene (tunB) is deleted, the biosynthesis is shown to stall at this exo-glycal product. These investigations confirm the combined TunA/F activity and delineate the ordering of events in the metabolic pathway. This is the first time these surprising exo-glycal intermediates have been seen in biology. They suggest that construction of the aminodialdose core of tunicamycin exploits their enol ether motif in a mode of C-C bond formation not previously observed in nature, to create an 11-carbon chain.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Streptomyces griseochromogenes ATCC 14511T, a producer of nucleoside compounds and diverse secondary metabolites Abstract: ATCC 14511T (=DSM 40499, =NBRC 13413) is a type strain of Streptomyces griseochromogenes. It is known as a producer of nucleoside antibiotic, blasticidin S. In this report we present the complete genome sequence of S. griseochromogenes ATCC 14511T, which consists of 10,764,674bp with a linear chromosome, 9822 protein-coding genes, 6 rRNA operons, 74 tRNA and 3 sRNA. The genomic analysis revealed that 52 putative gene clusters are involved in the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites, including four gene clusters of nucleoside antibiotics. These gene clusters provide a beneficial source for production of bioactive natural compounds.	1
Title: The mildiomycin biosynthesis: initial steps for sequential generation of 5-hydroxymethylcytidine 5'-monophosphate and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in Streptoverticillium rimofaciens ZJU5119 Abstract: Mildiomycin (MIL) is a peptidyl nucleoside antibiotic with strong activity against powdery mildew disease of plants. We have cloned the MIL biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptoverticillum rimofaciens ZJU5119 and shown that this organism also produces the related antifungal compound, deshydroxymethyl mildiomycin (dHM-MIL). A cosmid genomic library was screened for a putative nucleotide hydrolase gene that is related to blsM from the blasticidin S cluster. Six cosmids were identified that contained a 3.5 kb DNA fragment that harbors a homologue of blsM. The sequence of the fragment revealed two open-reading frames that are likely to function in MIL formation: milA is a CMP hydroxymethylase gene and milB is the homologue of the CMP hydrolase gene blsM. Insertional disruption of milA abolished the production of MIL but not dHM-MIL, whereas a milB knockout strain did not produce either of the peptidyl nucleosides. Recombinant MilA was produced in E. coli and shown to specifically introduce a C-5 hydroxymethyl group on CMP, but it did not accept cytosine or dCMP as a substrate. MilB was also expressed and purified from E. coli and shown to efficiently hydrolyze both hydroxymethyl-CMP (HMCMP) and could accept CMP as an alternative substrate. The ratio of free HMC and cytosine released by MilB was ca. 9:1 in in vitro assays, and is consistent with the higher levels of MIL compared to dHM-MIL that are produced by Streptoverticillum rimofaciens.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the β-methylarginine residue of peptidyl nucleoside arginomycin in Streptomyces arginensis NRRL 15941 Abstract: The peptidyl nucleoside arginomycin is active against Gram-positive bacteria and fungi but displays much lower toxicity to mice than its analog blasticidin S. It features a rare amino acid, β-methylarginine, which is attached to the deoxyhexose moiety via a 4'-aminoacyl bond. We here report cloning of the complete biosynthetic gene cluster for arginomycin from Streptomyces arginensis NRRL 15941. Among the 14 putative essential open reading frames, argM, encoding an aspartate aminotransferase (AAT), and adjacent argN, encoding an S-adenosyl methionine (SAM)-dependent methyltransferase, are coupled to catalyze arginine and yield β-methylarginine in Escherichia coli. Purified ArgM can transfer the α-amino group of l-arginine to α-ketoglutaric acid to give glutamate and thereby converts l-arginine to 5-guanidino-2-oxopentanoic acid, which is methylated at the C-3 position by ArgN to form 5-guanidino-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoic acid. Iteratively, ArgM specifically catalyzes transamination from the donor l-aspartate to the resulting 5-guanidino-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoic acid, generating β-methylarginine. The complete and concise biosynthetic pathway for the rare and bioactive amino acid revealed by this study may pave the way for the production of β-methylarginine either by enzymatic conversion or by engineered living cells.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster for 3-methylarginine, a toxin produced by Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae 22d/93 Abstract: The epiphyte Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae 22d/93 (Pss22d) produces the rare amino acid 3-methylarginine (MeArg), which is highly active against the closely related soybean pathogen Pseudomonas syringae pv. glycinea. Since these pathogens compete for the same habitat, Pss22d is a promising candidate for biocontrol of P. syringae pv. glycinea. The MeArg biosynthesis gene cluster codes for the S-adenosylmethionine (SAM)-dependent methyltransferase MrsA, the putative aminotransferase MrsB, and the amino acid exporter MrsC. Transfer of the whole gene cluster into Escherichia coli resulted in heterologous production of MeArg. The methyltransferase MrsA was overexpressed in E. coli as a His-tagged protein and functionally characterized (K(m), 7 mM; k(cat), 85 min(-1)). The highly selective methyltransferase MrsA transfers the methyl group from SAM into 5-guanidino-2-oxo-pentanoic acid to yield 5-guanidino-3-methyl-2-oxo-pentanoic acid, which then only needs to be transaminated to result in the antibiotic MeArg.	1
Title: A copper-containing oxidase catalyzes C-nitrosation in nitrosobenzamide biosynthesis Abstract: Although C-nitroso aromatic compounds have several bioactivities of medicinal interest, the biosynthetic enzymes involved in C-nitrosation have remained unknown until now. Here, we report the entire biosynthesis pathway of 4-hydroxy-3-nitrosobenzamide in Streptomyces murayamaensis, in which a tyrosinase-like copper-containing monooxygenase is responsible for the C-nitrosation. This finding indicates diverse catalytic functions of tyrosinase-like copper-containing monooxygenases in nature.	1
Title: Origin of the allyl group in FK506 biosynthesis Abstract: FK506 (tacrolimus) is a secondary metabolite with a potent immunosuppressive activity, currently registered for use as immunosuppressant after organ transplantation. FK506 and FK520 are biogenetically related natural products that are synthesized by combined polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase systems. The entire gene cluster for biosynthesis of FK520 from Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. ascomyceticus has been cloned and sequenced. On the other hand, the FK506 gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. MA6548 (ATCC55098) was sequenced only partially, and it was reasonable to expect that additional genes would be required for the provision of substrate supply. Here we report the identification of a previously unknown region of the FK506 gene cluster from Streptomyces tsukubaensis NRRL 18488 containing genes encoding the provision of unusual building blocks for FK506 biosynthesis as well as a regulatory gene. Among others, we identified a group of genes encoding biosynthesis of the extender unit that forms the allyl group at carbon 21 of FK506. Interestingly, we have identified a small independent diketide synthase system involved in the biosynthesis of the allyl group. Inactivation of one of these genes, encoding an unusual ketosynthase domain, resulted in an FK506 nonproducing strain, and the production was restored when a synthetic analog of the allylmalonyl-CoA extender unit was added to the cultivation medium. Based on our results, we propose a biosynthetic pathway for the provision of an unusual five-carbon extender unit, which is carried out by a novel diketide synthase complex.	1
Title: Characterisation of the paralytic shellfish toxin biosynthesis gene clusters in Anabaena circinalis AWQC131C and Aphanizomenon sp. NH-5 Abstract: Background:                       Saxitoxin and its analogues collectively known as the paralytic shellfish toxins (PSTs) are neurotoxic alkaloids and are the cause of the syndrome named paralytic shellfish poisoning. PSTs are produced by a unique biosynthetic pathway, which involves reactions that are rare in microbial metabolic pathways. Nevertheless, distantly related organisms such as dinoflagellates and cyanobacteria appear to produce these toxins using the same pathway. Hypothesised explanations for such an unusual phylogenetic distribution of this shared uncommon metabolic pathway, include a polyphyletic origin, an involvement of symbiotic bacteria, and horizontal gene transfer.                  Results:                       We describe the identification, annotation and bioinformatic characterisation of the putative paralytic shellfish toxin biosynthesis clusters in an Australian isolate of Anabaena circinalis and an American isolate of Aphanizomenon sp., both members of the Nostocales. These putative PST gene clusters span approximately 28 kb and contain genes coding for the biosynthesis and export of the toxin. A putative insertion/excision site in the Australian Anabaena circinalis AWQC131C was identified, and the organization and evolution of the gene clusters are discussed. A biosynthetic pathway leading to the formation of saxitoxin and its analogues in these organisms is proposed.                  Conclusion:                       The PST biosynthesis gene cluster presents a mosaic structure, whereby genes have apparently transposed in segments of varying size, resulting in different gene arrangements in all three sxt clusters sequenced so far. The gene cluster organizational structure and sequence similarity seems to reflect the phylogeny of the producer organisms, indicating that the gene clusters have an ancient origin, or that their lateral transfer was also an ancient event. The knowledge we gain from the characterisation of the PST biosynthesis gene clusters, including the identity and sequence of the genes involved in the biosynthesis, may also afford the identification of these gene clusters in dinoflagellates, the cause of human mortalities and significant financial loss to the tourism and shellfish industries.	1
Title: Production of lipopeptides in Bacillus sp. CS93 isolated from Pozol Abstract: Bacillus sp. strain CS93, which was previously isolated from Pozol, was previously shown to produce iturin A, bacilysin and chlorotetaine. To investigate the biosynthetic mechanism of chlorotetaine production, the bac genes were amplified from genomic DNA of Bacillus sp. CS93 by PCR and sequenced. The genes bacABCDE were determined, but no gene that might code for a halogenating enzyme was detected either within the gene cluster or in the flanking sequences. Following further analysis of culture supernatants that were active against bacteria by liquid chromatography-MS, it was not possible to detect bacilysin/chlorotetaine. However, in methanolic fractions containing antibacterial activity, molecular ions characteristic of surfactins and fengycin were detectable by electrospray MS. Using primers complementary for conserved regions of nonribosomal peptide synthase, it was possible to amplify gene fragments that had a high degree of homology with known surfactin and fengycin biosynthetic genes. Thus, in addition to the known antimicrobial compounds, we have shown that this strain produces other bioactive lipopeptides, which might account for some of the medicinal properties of Pozol.	1
Title: Characterization of the bagremycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. Tü 4128 Abstract: Bagremycin A and bagremycin B isolated from Streptomyces sp. Tü 4128 have activities against Gram-positive bacteria, fungi and also have a weak antitumor activity, which make them have great potential for development of novel antibiotics. Here, we report a draft genome 8,424,112 bp in length of S. sp. Tü 4128 by Illumina Hiseq2000, and identify the bagremycins biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) by bioinformatics analysis. The putative bagremycins BGC includes 16 open reading frames (ORFs) with the functions of biosynthesis, resistance and regulation. Disruptions of relative genes and HPLC analysis of bagremycins production demonstrated that not all the genes within the BGC are responsible for the biosynthesis of bagremycins. In addition, the biosynthetic pathways of bagremycins are proposed for deeper inquiries into their intriguing biosynthetic mechanism.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of polybrominated aromatic organic compounds by marine bacteria Abstract: Polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) and polybrominated bipyrroles are natural products that bioaccumulate in the marine food chain. PBDEs have attracted widespread attention because of their persistence in the environment and potential toxicity to humans. However, the natural origins of PBDE biosynthesis are not known. Here we report marine bacteria as producers of PBDEs and establish a genetic and molecular foundation for their production that unifies paradigms for the elaboration of bromophenols and bromopyrroles abundant in marine biota. We provide biochemical evidence of marine brominases revealing decarboxylative-halogenation enzymology previously unknown among halogenating enzymes. Biosynthetic motifs discovered in our study were used to mine sequence databases to discover unrealized marine bacterial producers of organobromine compounds.	1
Title: Pseudilins: halogenated, allosteric inhibitors of the non-mevalonate pathway enzyme IspD Abstract: The enzymes of the non-mevalonate pathway for isoprenoid biosynthesis have been identified as attractive targets with novel modes of action for the development of herbicides for crop protection and agents against infectious diseases. This pathway is present in many pathogenic organisms and plants, but absent in mammals. By using high-throughput screening, we identified highly halogenated marine natural products, the pseudilins, to be inhibitors of the third enzyme, IspD, in the pathway. Their activity against the IspD enzymes from Arabidopsis thaliana and Plasmodium vivax was determined in photometric and NMR-based assays. Cocrystal structures revealed that pseudilins bind to an allosteric pocket by using both divalent metal ion coordination and halogen bonding. The allosteric mode of action for preventing cosubstrate (CTP) binding at the active site was elucidated. Pseudilins show herbicidal activity in plant assays and antiplasmodial activity in cell-based assays.	1
Title: The molecular basis of conjugated polyyne biosynthesis in phytopathogenic bacteria Abstract: Polyynes (polyacetylenes), which are produced by a variety of organisms, play important roles in ecology. Whereas alkyne biosynthesis in plants, fungi, and insects has been studied, the biogenetic origin of highly unstable bacterial polyynes has remained a riddle. Transposon mutagenesis and genome sequencing unveiled the caryoynencin (cay) biosynthesis gene cluster in the plant pathogen B. caryophylli, and homologous gene clusters were found in various other bacteria by comparative genomics. Gene inactivation and phylogenetic analyses revealed that novel desaturase/acetylenase genes mediate bacterial polyyne assembly. A cytochrome P450 monooxygenase is involved in the formation of the allylic alcohol moiety, as evidenced by analysis of a fragile intermediate, which was stabilized by an in situ click reaction. This work not only grants first insight into bacterial polyyne biosynthesis but also demonstrates that the click reaction can be employed to trap fragile polyynes from crude mixtures.	1
Title: Biosynthetic genes and activity spectrum of antifungal polyynes from Collimonas fungivorans Ter331 Abstract: The antifungal activity of bacteria from the genus Collimonas has been well documented, but the chemistry and gene functions that underlie this phenotype are still poorly understood. Screening of a random plasposon insertion library of Collimonas fungivorans Ter331 for loss-of-function mutants revealed the importance of gene cluster K, which is annotated to code for the biosynthesis of a secondary metabolite and which features genes for fatty acid desaturases and polyketide synthases. Mutants in gene cluster K had lost the ability to inhibit hyphal growth of the fungus Aspergillus niger and were no longer able to produce and secrete several metabolites that after extraction and partial purification from wildtype strain Ter331 were shown to share a putative ene-triyne moiety. Some but not all of these metabolites were able to inhibit growth of A. niger, indicating functional variation within this group of Collimonas-produced polyyne-like 'collimomycins'. Polymerase chain reaction analysis of isolates representing different Collimonas species indicated that the possession of cluster K genes correlated positively with antifungal ability, further strengthening the notion that this cluster is involved in collimomycin production. We discuss our findings in the context of other bacterially produced polyynes and the potential use of collimomycins for the control of harmful fungi.	1
Title: The gene cluster for chloramphenicol biosynthesis in Streptomyces venezuelae ISP5230 includes novel shikimate pathway homologues and a monomodular non-ribosomal peptide synthetase gene Abstract: Regions of the Streptomyces venezuelae ISP5230 chromosome flanking pabAB, an amino-deoxychorismate synthase gene needed for chloramphenicol (Cm) production, were examined for involvement in biosynthesis of the antibiotic. Three of four ORFs in the sequence downstream of pabAB resembled genes involved in the shikimate pathway. BLASTX searches of GenBank showed that the deduced amino acid sequences of ORF3 and ORF4 were similar to proteins encoded by monofunctional genes for chorismate mutase and prephenate dehydrogenase, respectively, while the sequence of the ORF5 product resembled deoxy-arabino-heptulosonate-7-phosphate (DAHP) synthase, the enzyme that initiates the shikimate pathway. A relationship to Cm biosynthesis was indicated by sequence similarities between the ORF6 product and membrane proteins associated with Cm export. BLASTX searches of GenBank for matches with the translated sequence of ORF1 in chromosomal DNA immediately upstream of pabAB did not detect products relevant to Cm biosynthesis. However, the presence of Cm biosynthesis genes in a 7.5 kb segment of the chromosome beyond ORF1 was inferred when conjugal transfer of the DNA into a blocked S. venezuelae mutant restored Cm production. Deletions in the 7.5 kb segment of the wild-type chromosome eliminated Cm production, confirming the presence of Cm biosynthesis genes in this region. Sequencing and analysis located five ORFs, one of which (ORF8) was deduced from BLAST searches of GenBank, and from characteristic motifs detected in alignments of its deduced amino acid sequence, to be a monomodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase. GenBank searches did not identify ORF7, but matched the translated sequences of ORFs 9, 10 and 11 with short-chain ketoreductases, the ATP-binding cassettes of ABC transporters, and coenzyme A ligases, respectively. As has been shown for ORF2, disrupting ORF3, ORF7, ORF8 or ORF9 blocked Cm production.	1
Title: New insights into chloramphenicol biosynthesis in Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 10712 Abstract: Comparative genome analysis revealed seven uncharacterized genes, sven0909 to sven0915, adjacent to the previously identified chloramphenicol biosynthetic gene cluster (sven0916-sven0928) of Streptomyces venezuelae strain ATCC 10712 that was absent in a closely related Streptomyces strain that does not produce chloramphenicol. Transcriptional analysis suggested that three of these genes might be involved in chloramphenicol production, a prediction confirmed by the construction of deletion mutants. These three genes encode a cluster-associated transcriptional activator (Sven0913), a phosphopantetheinyl transferase (Sven0914), and a Na(+)/H(+) antiporter (Sven0915). Bioinformatic analysis also revealed the presence of a previously undetected gene, sven0925, embedded within the chloramphenicol biosynthetic gene cluster that appears to encode an acyl carrier protein, bringing the number of new genes likely to be involved in chloramphenicol production to four. Microarray experiments and synteny comparisons also suggest that sven0929 is part of the biosynthetic gene cluster. This has allowed us to propose an updated and revised version of the chloramphenicol biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Para-position derivatives of fungal anthelmintic cyclodepsipeptides engineered with Streptomyces venezuelae antibiotic biosynthetic genes Abstract: PF1022A, a cyclooctadepsipeptide possessing strong anthelmintic properties and produced by the filamentous fungus Rosellinia sp. PF1022, consists of four alternating residues of N-methyl-L-leucine and four residues of D-lactate or D-phenyllactate. PF1022A derivatives obtained through modification of their benzene ring at the para-position with nitro or amino groups act as valuable starting materials for the synthesis of compounds with improved anthelmintic activities. Here we describe the production of such derivatives by fermentation through metabolic engineering of the PF1022A biosynthetic pathway in Rosellinia sp. PF1022. Three genes cloned from Streptomyces venezuelae, and required for the biosynthesis of p-aminophenylpyruvate from chorismate in the chloramphenicol biosynthetic pathway, were expressed in a chorismate mutase-deficient strain derived from Rosellinia sp. PF1022. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and NMR analyses confirmed that this approach facilitated the production of PF1022A derivatives specifically modified at the para-position. This fermentation method is environmentally safe and can be used for the industrial scale production of PF1022A derivatives.	1
Title: A family of diiron monooxygenases catalyzing amino acid beta-hydroxylation in antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthesis of chloramphenicol requires a beta-hydroxylation tailoring reaction of the precursor L-p-aminophenylalanine (L-PAPA). Here, it is shown that this reaction is catalyzed by the enzyme CmlA from an operon containing the genes for biosynthesis of L-PAPA and the nonribosomal peptide synthetase CmlP. EPR, Mössbauer, and optical spectroscopies reveal that CmlA contains an oxo-bridged dinuclear iron cluster, a metal center not previously associated with nonribosomal peptide synthetase chemistry. Single-turnover kinetic studies indicate that CmlA is functional in the diferrous state and that its substrate is L-PAPA covalently bound to CmlP. Analytical studies show that the product is hydroxylated L-PAPA and that O(2) is the oxygen source, demonstrating a monooxygenase reaction. The gene sequence of CmlA shows that it utilizes a lactamase fold, suggesting that the diiron cluster is in a protein environment not previously known to effect monooxygenase reactions. Notably, CmlA homologs are widely distributed in natural product biosynthetic pathways, including a variety of pharmaceutically important beta-hydroxylated antibiotics and cytostatics.	1
Title: CmlI is an N-oxygenase in the biosynthesis of chloramphenicol Abstract: The N-oxygenation of an amine group is one of the steps in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic chloramphenicol. The non-heme di-iron enzyme CmlI was identified as the enzyme catalyzing this reaction through bioinformatics studies and reconstitution of enzymatic activity. In vitro reconstitution was achieved using phenazine methosulfate and NADH as electron mediators, while in vivo activity was demonstrated in Escherichia coli using two substrates. Kinetic analysis showed a biphasic behavior of the enzyme. Oxidized hydroxylamine and nitroso compounds in the reaction were detected both in vitro and in vivo based on LC-MS. The active site metal was confirmed to be iron based on a ferrozine assay. These findings provide new insights into the biosynthesis of chloramphenicol and could lead to further development of CmlI as a useful biocatalyst.	1
Title: Expression, purification and preliminary diffraction studies of CmlS Abstract: CmlS, a flavin-dependent halogenase (FDH) present in the chloramphenicol-biosynthetic pathway in Streptomyces venezuelae, directs the dichlorination of an acetyl group. The reaction mechanism of CmlS is of considerable interest as it will help to explain how the FDH family can halogenate a wide range of substrates through a common mechanism. The protein has been recombinantly expressed in Escherichia coli and purified to homogeneity. The hanging-drop vapour-diffusion method was used to produce crystals that were suitable for X-ray diffraction. Data were collected to 2.0 A resolution. The crystal belonged to space group C2, with unit-cell parameters a = 208.1, b = 57.7, c = 59.9 A, beta = 97.5 degrees .	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the dichloroacetyl component of chloramphenicol in Streptomyces venezuelae ISP5230: genes required for halogenation Abstract: Five ORFs were detected in a fragment from the Streptomyces venezuelae ISP5230 genomic DNA library by hybridization with a PCR product amplified from primers representing a consensus of known halogenase sequences. Sequencing and functional analyses demonstrated that ORFs 11 and 12 (but not ORFs 13-15) extended the partially characterized gene cluster for chloramphenicol (Cm) biosynthesis in the chromosome. Disruption of ORF11 (cmlK) or ORF12 (cmlS) and conjugal transfer of the insertionally inactivated genes to S. venezuelae gave mutant strains VS1111 and VS1112, each producing a similar series of Cm analogues in which unhalogenated acyl groups replaced the dichloroacetyl substituent of Cm. 1H-NMR established that the principal metabolite in the disrupted strains was the alpha-N-propionyl analogue. The sequence of CmlK implicated the protein in adenylation, and involvement in halogenation was inferred from biosynthesis of analogues by the cmlK-disrupted mutant. A role in generating the dichloroacetyl substituent was supported by partial restoration of Cm biosynthesis when a cloned copy of cmlK was introduced in trans into VS1111. Complementation of the mutant also indicated that inactivation of cmlK rather than a polar effect of the disruption on cmlS expression had interfered with dichloroacetyl biosynthesis. The deduced CmlS sequence resembled sequences of FADH2-dependent halogenases. Conjugal transfer of cmlK or cmlS into S. venezuelae cml-2, a chlorination-deficient strain with a mutation mapped genetically to the Cm biosynthesis gene cluster, did not complement the cml-2 lesion, suggesting that one or more genes in addition to cmlK and cmlS is needed to assemble the dichloroacetyl substituent. Insertional inactivation of ORF13 did not affect Cm production, and the products of ORF14 and ORF15 matched Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) proteins lacking plausible functions in Cm biosynthesis. Thus cmlS appears to mark the downstream end of the gene cluster.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the citrinin biosynthetic gene cluster from Monascus aurantiacus Abstract: Monascus aurantiacus produces high amounts of citrinin which is a mycotoxin with nephrotoxic activity. Six putative citrinin biosynthesis genes have been discovered in M. purpureus and at least 10 genes are responsible for its biosynthesis. However, the sequence of citrinin pathway gene cluster in M. aurantiacus has not been reported. Here, the putative sequence of citrinin biosynthetic gene cluster was obtained by a PCR-based strategy for screening a genome fosmid library of M. aurantiacus. A sequence of 43 kb revealed 16 ORFs including the six putative biosynthetic genes reported previous. The putative gene cluster consists of a polytekide synthetase encoding one PKS module, an oxidoreductase gene, three dehydrogenase genes, an acyl-coenzyme A synthetase gene, a membrane transport protein gene, a transcriptional activator gene as well as genes encoding proteins of undefined function.	1
Title: Arginine biosynthesis and regulation in Lactobacillus plantarum: the carA gene and the argCJBDF cluster are divergently transcribed Abstract: A cluster of citrulline biosynthetic genes has been cloned and sequenced from a fragment of Lactobacillus plantarum CCM 1904 (ATCC 8014) DNA isolated as complementing a Bacillus subtilis argF mutation. The gene order was carA-argCJBDF, with carA transcribed divergently from the arg cluster. Although other gram-positive bacteria show similar arg clusters, this arrangement for carA is thus far unprecedented. Downstream from the arg cluster, two open reading frames (ORF7 and ORF8) having unknown functions were found. Sequence analysis of the end of a 10.5-kb cloned DNA fragment showed that argF was 3.5 kb from the ldhL gene coding for L-(+)-lactate dehydrogenase. A tree representation of amino acid sequence clustering relationships of 31 ornithine carbamoyltransferases (OTCases) from various organisms revealed two prokaryotic groups: one with ArgF of L. plantarum and one with ArgF of B. subtilis, which are paralogous. This divergence was not observed in vivo because an L. plantarum argF mutant (AM 1215) harboring no OTCase activity was complemented by the argF genes of L. plantarum and B. subtilis. No OTCase activity was detectable when L. plantarum was grown in the presence of saturating amounts of arginine or citrulline. Arginine may repress the citrulline biosynthetic genes in L. plantarum by using 11 identified DNA motifs which resemble the Escherichia coli ARG box consensus and which are in most cases separated by multiples of 11 bp, corresponding to a DNA helical turn. The carA and argCJBDF genes are divergently transcribed. Their putative promoters are 6 bp apart and are partially overlapped by putative ARG boxes, suggesting concerted transcription regulation.	1
Title: In Lactobacillus plantarum, carbamoyl phosphate is synthesized by two carbamoyl-phosphate synthetases (CPS): carbon dioxide differentiates the arginine-repressed from the pyrimidine-regulated CPS Abstract: Carbamoyl phosphate (CP) is an intermediate in pyrimidine and arginine biosynthesis. Carbamoyl-phosphate synthetase (CPS) contains a small amidotransferase subunit (GLN) that hydrolyzes glutamine and transfers ammonia to the large synthetase subunit (SYN), where CP biosynthesis occurs in the presence of ATP and CO(2). Lactobacillus plantarum, a lactic acid bacterium, harbors a pyrimidine-inhibited CPS (CPS-P; Elagöz et al., Gene 182:37-43, 1996) and an arginine-repressed CPS (CPS-A). Sequencing has shown that CPS-A is encoded by carA (GLN) and carB (SYN). Transcriptional studies have demonstrated that carB is transcribed both monocistronically and in the carAB arginine-repressed operon. CP biosynthesis in L. plantarum was studied with three mutants (DeltaCPS-P, DeltaCPS-A, and double deletion). In the absence of both CPSs, auxotrophy for pyrimidines and arginine was observed. CPS-P produced enough CP for both pathways. In CO(2)-enriched air but not in ordinary air, CPS-A provided CP only for arginine biosynthesis. Therefore, the uracil sensitivity observed in prototrophic wild-type L. plantarum without CO(2) enrichment may be due to the low affinity of CPS-A for its substrate CO(2) or to regulation of the CP pool by the cellular CO(2)/bicarbonate level.	1
Title: Lactobacillus plantarum ccl gene is non-essential, arginine-repressed and codes for a conserved protein in Firmicutes Abstract: Among proteins specifically found in most gram-positive bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes, conserved proteins of the family pfam06177-DUF988-COG4708 are of unknown function. The citrulline cluster-linked (ccl) gene of Lactobacillus plantarum codes one such protein and is adjacent to the citrulline biosynthesis operon argCJBDF, a situation also found in Lactococcus lactis. This gene is well conserved among L. plantarum species, and 1 isolate out of 24 harbored two ccl copies. Northern hybridization with a ccl probe revealed two arginine-repressed transcripts with sizes corresponding to the predicted argCJBDF-ccl operon and the ccl gene alone. Transcription start sites of both transcripts were characterized. Four different 5' ends were mapped at the argF-ccl intergenic region, resulting from either regulated transcription initiation or maturation of the transcripts. Transcriptional ccl-gusA gene fusion confirmed the promoter activity of the argF-ccl intergenic region. Thus, the ccl gene is arginine-repressed and transcribed both monocistronically and polycistronically in the argCJBDF-ccl operon. The ccl gene is not essential in L. plantarum, because a ccl gene deletion was obtained in strain CCM 1904. Although no functions were found in the tested laboratory conditions, the Ccl-like proteins may play a role in environmental conditions of life.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and heterologous expression of a biosynthetic gene cluster for the antitubercular agent D-cycloserine produced by Streptomyces lavendulae Abstract: In the present study, we successfully cloned a 21-kb DNA fragment containing a d-cycloserine (DCS) biosynthetic gene cluster from a DCS-producing Streptomyces lavendulae strain, ATCC 11924. The putative gene cluster consists of 10 open reading frames (ORFs), designated dcsA to dcsJ. This cluster includes two ORFs encoding D-alanyl-D-alanine ligase (dcsI) and a putative membrane protein (dcsJ) as the self-resistance determinants of the producer organism, indicated by our previous work. When the 10 ORFs were introduced into DCS-nonproducing Streptomyces lividans 66 as a heterologous host cell, the transformant acquired DCS productivity. This reveals that the introduced genes are responsible for the biosynthesis of DCS. As anticipated, the disruption of dcsG, seen in the DCS biosynthetic gene cluster, made it possible for the strain ATCC 11924 to lose its DCS production. We here propose the DCS biosynthetic pathway. First, L-serine is O acetylated by a dcsE-encoded enzyme homologous to homoserine O-acetyltransferase. Second, O-acetyl-L-serine accepts hydroxyurea via an O-acetylserine sulfhydrylase homolog (dcsD product) and forms O-ureido-L-serine. The hydroxyurea must be supplied by the catalysis of a dcsB-encoded arginase homolog using the L-arginine derivative, N(G)-hydroxy-L-arginine. The resulting O-ureido-L-serine is then racemized to O-ureido-D-serine by a homolog of diaminopimelate epimerase. Finally, O-ureido-D-serine is cyclized to form DCS with the release of ammonia and carbon dioxide. The cyclization must be done by the dcsG or dcsH product, which belongs to the ATP-grasp fold family of protein.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and heterologous expression of the dehydrophos biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Dehydrophos is a vinyl phosphonate tripeptide produced by Streptomyces luridus with demonstrated broad-spectrum antibiotic activity. To identify genes necessary for biosynthesis of this unusual compound we screened a fosmid library of S. luridus for the presence of the phosphoenolpyruvate mutase gene, which is required for biosynthesis of most phosphonates. Integration of one such fosmid clone into the chromosome of S. lividans led to heterologous production of dehydrophos. Deletion analysis of this clone allowed identification of the minimal contiguous dehydrophos cluster, which contained 17 open reading frames (ORFs). Bioinformatic analyses of these ORFs are consistent with a proposed biosynthetic pathway that generates dehydrophos from phosphoenolpyruvate. The early steps of this pathway are supported by analysis of intermediates accumulated by blocked mutants and in vitro biochemical experiments.	1
Title: Genome mining and functional genomics for siderophore production in Aspergillus niger Abstract: Iron is an essential metal for many organisms, but the biologically relevant form of iron is scarce because of rapid oxidation resulting in low solubility. Simultaneously, excessive accumulation of iron is toxic. Consequently, iron uptake is a highly controlled process. In most fungal species, siderophores play a central role in iron handling. Siderophores are small iron-specific chelators that can be secreted to scavenge environmental iron or bind intracellular iron with high affinity. A second high-affinity iron uptake mechanism is reductive iron assimilation (RIA). As shown in Aspergillus fumigatus and Aspergillus nidulans, synthesis of siderophores in Aspergilli is predominantly under control of the transcription factors SreA and HapX, which are connected by a negative transcriptional feedback loop. Abolishing this fine-tuned regulation corroborates iron homeostasis, including heme biosynthesis, which could be biotechnologically of interest, e.g. the heterologous production of heme-dependent peroxidases. Aspergillus niger genome inspection identified orthologues of several genes relevant for RIA and siderophore metabolism, as well as sreA and hapX. Interestingly, genes related to synthesis of the common fungal extracellular siderophore triacetylfusarinine C were absent. Reverse-phase high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) confirmed the absence of triacetylfusarinine C, and demonstrated that the major secreted siderophores of A. niger are coprogen B and ferrichrome, which is also the dominant intracellular siderophore. In A. niger wild type grown under iron-replete conditions, the expression of genes involved in coprogen biosynthesis and RIA was low in the exponential growth phase but significantly induced during ascospore germination. Deletion of sreA in A. niger resulted in elevated iron uptake and increased cellular ferrichrome accumulation. Increased sensitivity toward phleomycin and high iron concentration reflected the toxic effects of excessive iron uptake. Moreover, SreA-deficiency resulted in increased accumulation of heme intermediates, but no significant increase in heme content. Together with the upregulation of several heme biosynthesis genes, these results reveal a complex heme regulatory mechanism.	1
Title: Biochemical characterization of a type III polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces toxytricini Abstract: A type III polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster has been discovered in the industrially important strain Streptomyces toxytricini NRRL 15443, including four genes stp450-1, stts, stp450-2, and stmo. The stts gene encodes a putative type III polyketide synthase that is homologous to RppA, a 1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxynaphthalene (THN) synthase from Streptomyces griseus. The deduced protein product of stmo resembles the cupin-containing monooxygenase MomA from Streptomyces antibioticus that oxidizes THN into flaviolin. Two cytochrome P450s (CYPs), StP450-1 and StP450-2, are present in the gene cluster. StTS was overexpressed in Escherichia coli BL21(DE3) and identified as a THN synthase. The synthesized THN can be easily oxidized into flaviolin by air. Both CYPs were reconstituted in E. coli BL21(DE3) and can oxidize flaviolin to form oligomers. The k(cat)/K(m) values for StP450-1 and StP450-2 were 0.28 and 0.71 min⁻¹ mM⁻¹, respectively. UV irradiation test showed that expression of StTS in E. coli BL21(DE3) significantly protects the cells from UV radiation, and coexpression of StTS and StP450-1 provides even stronger protection.	1
Title: The gene cluster for fluorometabolite biosynthesis in Streptomyces cattleya: a thioesterase confers resistance to fluoroacetyl-coenzyme A Abstract: A genomic library of Streptomyces cattleya was screened to isolate a gene cluster encoding enzymes responsible for the production of fluorine-containing metabolites. In addition to the previously described fluorinase FlA which catalyzes the formation of 5'-fluoro-5'-deoxyadenosine from S-adenosylmethionine and fluoride, 11 other putative open reading frames have been identified. Three of the proteins encoded by these genes have been characterized. FlB was determined to be the second enzyme in the pathway, catalyzing the phosphorolytic cleavage of 5'-fluoro-5'-deoxyadenosine to produce 5-fluoro-5-deoxy-D-ribose-1-phosphate. The enzyme FlI was found to be an S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase, which may act to relieve S-adenosylhomocysteine inhibition of the fluorinase. Finally, flK encodes a thioesterase which catalyzes the selective breakdown of fluoroacetyl-CoA but not acetyl-CoA, suggesting that it provides the producing strain with a mechanism for resistance to fluoroacetate.	1
Title: Cloning, expression, and biochemical characterization of Streptomyces rubellomurinus genes required for biosynthesis of antimalarial compound FR900098 Abstract: The antibiotics fosmidomycin and FR900098 are members of a unique class of phosphonic acid natural products that inhibit the nonmevalonate pathway for isoprenoid biosynthesis. Both are potent antibacterial and antimalarial compounds, but despite their efficacy, little is known regarding their biosynthesis. Here we report the identification of the Streptomyces rubellomurinus genes required for the biosynthesis of FR900098. Expression of these genes in Streptomyces lividans results in production of FR900098, demonstrating their role in synthesis of the antibiotic. Analysis of the putative gene products suggests that FR900098 is synthesized by metabolic reactions analogous to portions of the tricarboxylic acid cycle. These data greatly expand our knowledge of phosphonate biosynthesis and enable efforts to overproduce this highly useful therapeutic agent.	1
Title: Insight into the haem d1 biosynthesis pathway in heliobacteria through bioinformatics analysis Abstract: Haem d(1) is a unique tetrapyrrole molecule that serves as a prosthetic group of cytochrome cd(1), which reduces nitrite to nitric oxide during the process of denitrification. Very little information is available regarding the biosynthesis of haem d(1). The extreme difficulty in studying the haem d(1) biosynthetic pathway can be partly attributed to the lack of a theoretical basis for experimental investigation. We report here a gene cluster encoding enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of haem d(1) in two heliobacterial species, Heliobacillus mobilis and Heliophilum fasciatum. The gene organization of the cluster is conserved between the two species, and contains a complete set of genes that lead to the biosynthesis of uroporphyrinogen III and genes thought to be involved in the late steps of haem d(1) biosynthesis. Detailed bioinformatics analysis of some of the proteins encoded in the gene cluster revealed important clues to the precise biochemical roles of the proteins in the biosynthesis of haem d(1), as well as the membrane transport and insertion of haem d(1) into an apocytochrome during the maturation of cytochrome cd(1).	1
Title: Sequence analysis and heterologous expression of the lincomycin biosynthetic cluster of the type strain Streptomyces lincolnensis ATCC 25466 Abstract: A cosmid bearing an insert of 38 217 bp covering the gene cluster and its flanking regions of type strain Streptomyces lincolnensis ATCC 25466 was sequenced. Two relatively extensive sequence changes and several hundred point mutations were identified if compared with the previously published sequence of the lincomycin (Lin) industrial strain S. lincolnensis 78-11. Analysis of the cluster-flanking regions revealed its localization within the genome of the ATCC 25466 strain. The cluster-bearing cosmid was integrated into the chromosome of Lin non-producing strains S. coelicolor CH 999 and S. coelicolor M 145. The modified strains heterologously produced Lin but the level dropped to approximately 1-3% of the production in the ATCC 25466 strain.	1
Title: Role of menaquinone biosynthesis genes in selenate reduction by Enterobacter cloacae SLD1a-1 and Escherichia coli K12 Abstract: In this study, we investigated the role of menaquinone biosynthesis genes in selenate reduction by Enterobacter cloacae SLD1a-1 and Escherichia coli K12. A mini-Tn5 transposon mutant of E. cloacae SLD1a-1, designated as 4E6, was isolated that had lost the ability to reduce Se(VI) to Se(0). Genetic analysis of mutant strain 4E6 showed that the transposon was inserted within a menD gene among a menFDHBCE gene cluster that encodes for proteins required for menaquinone biosynthesis. A group of E. coli K12 strains with single mutations in the menF, menD, menC and menE genes were tested for loss of selenate reduction activity. The results showed that E. coli K12 carrying a deletion of either the menD, menC or menE gene was unable to reduce selenate. Complementation using wild-type sequences of the E. cloacae SLD1a-1 menFDHBCE sequence successfully restored the selenate reduction activity in mutant strain 4E6, and E. coli K12 menD and menE mutants. Selenate reduction activity in 4E6 was also restored by chemical complementation using the menaquinone precursor compound 1,4-dihydroxy-2-nathphoic acid. The results of this work suggest that menaquinones are an important source of electrons for the selenate reductase, and are required for selenate reduction activity in E. cloacae SLD1a-1 and E. coli K12.	1
Title: Extracellular signalling, translational control, two repressors and an activator all contribute to the regulation of methylenomycin production in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: Bioinformatic analysis of the plasmid-linked gene cluster associated with biosynthesis of methylenomycin (Mm) suggested that part of the cluster directs synthesis of a gamma-butyrolactone-like autoregulator. Autoregulator activity could be extracted from culture fluids, but differed from gamma-butyrolactones in being alkali resistant. The activity has recently been shown to comprise a series of novel autoregulator molecules, the methylenomycin furans (termed MMF). MMF autoregulator activity is shown to account for the ability of certain Mm non-producing mutants to act as 'secretors' in cosynthesis with other 'convertor' mutants. Three genes implicated in MMF biosynthesis are flanked by two regulatory genes, which are related to genes for gamma-butyrolactone-binding proteins. Genetic evidence suggests that these two genes encode components of a hetero-oligomeric repressor of MMF and Mm biosynthesis. The Mm biosynthetic genes themselves depend on the activator gene mmyB, which appears to be repressed by the putative MmyR/MmfR complex until enough MMF accumulates to release repression. The presence of TTA codons in mmyB and the main MMF biosynthetic gene causes Mm production to be dependent on the pleiotropically acting bldA gene, which encodes the tRNA for the rarely used UUA codon.	1
Title: 2-Alkyl-4-hydroxymethylfuran-3-carboxylic acids, antibiotic production inducers discovered by Streptomyces coelicolor genome mining Abstract: All of the genetic elements necessary for the production of the antibiotic methylenomycin (Mm) and its regulation are contained within the 22-kb mmy-mmf gene cluster, which is located on the 356-kb linear plasmid SCP1 of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). A putative operon of 3 genes within this gene cluster, mmfLHP, was proposed to direct the biosynthesis of an A-factor-like signaling molecule, which could play a role in the regulation of Mm biosynthesis. The mmfLHP operon was expressed under the control of its native promoter in S. coelicolor M512, a host lacking the SCP1 plasmid, and the ability to produce prodiginine and actinorhodin antibiotics. Comparative metabolic profiling led to the identification and structure elucidation of a family of 5 new 2-alkyl-4-hydroxymethylfuran-3-carboxylic acids (AHFCAs), collectively termed Mm furans (MMFs), as the products of the mmfLHP genes. MMFs specifically induce the production of the Mm antibiotics in S. coelicolor. Comparative genomics analyses and searches of the natural product chemistry literature indicated that other streptomycetes may produce AHFCAs, suggesting that they could form a general class of antibiotic biosynthesis inducers in Streptomyces species, with analogous functions to the better known gamma-butyrolactone regulatory molecules.	1
Title: Cloning and physical mapping of the EcoRI fragments of the giant linear plasmid SCP1 Abstract: A cosmid library was constructed for the 350-kb giant linear plasmid SCP1 and aligned on a successive linear map. Only a 0.8-kb gap has remained uncloned in the terminal inverted repeats close to both ends. Partial digestion of the aligned cosmids with EcoRI and hybridization with the flanking fragments of the vector enabled physical mapping of all of the EcoRI fragments. On this map, the methylenomycin biosynthetic gene cluster, the insertion sequence IS466, and the sapCDE genes coding for spore-associated proteins were localized.	1
Title: Molecular characterization and analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the antitumor antibiotic mitomycin C from Streptomyces lavendulae NRRL 2564 Abstract: Background:                       The mitomycins are natural products that contain a variety of functional groups, including aminobenzoquinone- and aziridine-ring systems. Mitomycin C (MC) was the first recognized bioreductive alkylating agent, and has been widely used clinically for antitumor therapy. Precursor-feeding studies showed that MC is derived from 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid (AHBA), D-glucosamine, L-methionine and carbamoyl phosphate. A genetically linked AHBA biosynthetic gene and MC resistance genes were identified previously in the MC producer Streptomyces lavendulae NRRL 2564. We set out to identify other genes involved in MC biosynthesis.                  Results:                       A cluster of 47 genes spanning 55 kilobases of S. lavendulae DNA governs MC biosynthesis. Fourteen of 22 disruption mutants did not express or overexpressed MC. Seven gene products probably assemble the AHBA intermediate through a variant of the shikimate pathway. The gene encoding the first presumed enzyme in AHBA biosynthesis is not, however, linked within the MC cluster. Candidate genes for mitosane nucleus formation and functionalization were identified. A putative MC translocase was identified that comprises a novel drug-binding and export system, which confers cellular self-protection on S. lavendulae. Two regulatory genes were also identified.                  Conclusions:                       The overall architecture of the MC biosynthetic gene cluster in S. lavendulae has been determined. Targeted manipulation of a putative MC pathway regulator led to a substantial increase in drug production. The cloned genes should help elucidate the molecular basis for creation of the mitosane ring system, as well efforts to engineer the biosynthesis of novel natural products.	1
Title: Characterization of moeB--part of the molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis gene cluster in Staphylococcus carnosus Abstract: Transposon mutagenesis of Staphylococcus carnosus led to the identification of a gene cluster comprising nine genes that are important for molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis. Two nitrate-reductase-negative Tn917-insertion mutants were defective in MoeB. In cell-free extracts of an moeB mutant, the molybdenum-cofactor-deficient nitrate reductase could be reconstituted with a low-molecular-mass component (most likely free molybdenum cofactor) from an S. carnosus mutant that is defective in the nitrate reductase structural genes. The expression of moeB was studied in response to oxygen and nitrate. Primer-extension studies indicated that anaerobiosis and nitrate each enhance transcription of moeB.	1
Title: Characterization of a molybdenum cofactor biosynthetic gene cluster in Rhodobacter capsulatus which is specific for the biogenesis of dimethylsulfoxide reductase Abstract: The DMSO reductase of Rhodobacter capsulatus contains a pterin molybdenum cofactor (Moco) and is located in the periplasm. DNA sequence analysis identified four genes involved in the biosynthesis of the Moco (moaA, moaD, moeB and moaC) immediately downstream of the dor (DMSO respiratory) gene cluster. Rhodobacter capsulatus MoaA was expressed in Escherichia coli as a His6-tagged protein. Although, the expressed protein formed inclusion bodies, EPR spectroscopy showed that MoaA contains a [3Fe-4S] cluster. A moaA mutant was constructed and its phenotype indicates that the Moco biosynthetic gene cluster downstream of the dor operon is specific for the biogenesis of DMSO reductase. Two forms of DMSO reductase were purified by immunoaffinity chromatography from the moaA mutant. A mature form of DMSO reductase was located in the periplasm and a precursor form was found in the cytoplasm.	1
Title: The phtE locus in the phaseolotoxin gene cluster has ORFs with homologies to genes encoding amino acid transferases, the AraC family of transcriptional factors, and fatty acid desaturases Abstract: A cluster of genes involved in the production of phaseolotoxin, a phytotoxin produced by Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola, contains eight (phtA through phtH) complementation groups (Y. X. Zhang, K. B. Rowley, and S. S. Patil, J. Bacteriol., 175:6451-6458, 1993). In this study, sequencing of the region encompassing the phtE locus revealed six putative open reading frames (ORFs), each preceded by a putative ribosomal binding site, and all oriented in the same direction. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction suggested that the phtE locus is transcribed as one large (6.4 kb) transcript, indicating that the ORFs constitute an operon. Primer extension analysis showed that the transcript begins at a T, located 31 bp upstream of the ATG codon of ORF1. Comparison of the sequences of the putative ORFs with the sequences of known genes revealed that ORF3, encoding a protein containing 395 amino acids, has 55% similarity to the acetylornithine aminotransferase gene from Escherichia coli, and the ornithine aminotransferase genes from other organisms. A lysine residue that is a binding site for pyridoxal phosphate and an arginine residue that is a binding site for the alpha-carboxylate group of the substrate are conserved in ORF3. These data suggest that ORF3 encodes a protein involved in the biosynthesis of ornithine, a constituent of phaseolotoxin. ORF5, encoding a peptide of 378 amino acid residues, possesses a helix-turn-helix motif at the C-terminal end that is characteristic of the AraC family of transcriptional factors, and there is a possible leucine zipper at the N-terminal end of this peptide. ORF6, encoding a protein of 327 amino acids, has about 40% similarity with the fatty acid desaturase gene, desA, of Synechocystis Pcc6803 and considerable similarity with fatty acid desaturase genes from other organisms. ORF6 and desA show very similar hydropathy profiles and both contain a copper binding signature. Computer searches did not discover significant homologies in the data base for the other ORFs, but hydropathy analysis showed that all of them contain one to several hydrophobic domains, suggesting that the gene products of these ORFs may be membrane associated.	1
Title: Functional characterization of the gene cluster from Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola NPS3121 involved in synthesis of phaseolotoxin Abstract: Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola is the causal agent of halo blight disease of beans (Phaseolus vulgaris L.), which is characterized by water-soaked lesions surrounded by a chlorotic halo resulting from the action of a non-host-specific toxin known as phaseolotoxin. This phytotoxin inhibits the enzyme ornithine carbamoyltransferase involved in arginine biosynthesis. Different evidence suggested that genes involved in phaseolotoxin production were clustered. Two genes had been previously identified in our laboratory within this cluster: argK, which is involved in the immunity of the bacterium to its own toxin, and amtA, which is involved in the synthesis of homoarginine. We sequenced the region around argK and amtA in P. syringae pv. phaseolicola NPS3121 to determine the limits of the putative phaseolotoxin gene cluster and to determine the transcriptional pattern of the genes comprising it. We report that the phaseolotoxin cluster (Pht cluster) is composed of 23 genes and is flanked by insertion sequences and transposases. The mutation of 14 of the genes within the cluster lead to a Tox(-) phenotype for 11 of them, while three mutants exhibited low levels of toxin production. The analysis of fusions of selected DNA fragments to uidA, Northern probing, and reverse transcription-PCR indicate the presence of five transcriptional units, two monocistronic and three polycistronic; one is internal to a larger operon. The site for transcription initiation has been determined for each promoter, and the putative promoter regions were identified. Preliminary results also indicate that the gene product of phtL is involved in the regulation of the synthesis of phaseolotoxin.	1
Title: Polyhydroxyalkanoates in Gram-positive bacteria: insights from the genera Bacillus and Streptomyces Abstract: Gram-positive bacteria, notably Bacillus and Streptomyces, have been used extensively in industry. However, these microorganisms have not yet been exploited for the production of the biodegradable polymers, polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHAs). Although PHAs have many potential applications, the cost of production means that medical applications are currently the main area of use. Gram-negative bacteria, currently the only commercial source of PHAs, have lipopolysaccharides (LPS) which co-purify with the PHAs and cause immunogenic reactions. On the other hand, Gram- positive bacteria lack LPS, a positive feature which justifies intensive investigation into their production of PHAs. This review summarizes currently available knowledge on PHA production by Gram- positive bacteria especially Bacillus and Streptomyces. We hope that this will form the basis of further research into developing either or both as a source of PHAs for medical applications.	1
Title: Promysalin, a salicylate-containing Pseudomonas putida antibiotic, promotes surface colonization and selectively targets other Pseudomonas Abstract: Under control of the Gac regulatory system, Pseudomonas putida RW10S1 produces promysalin to promote its own swarming and biofilm formation, and to selectively inhibit many other pseudomonads, including the opportunistic pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa. This amphipathic antibiotic is composed of salicylic acid and 2,8-dihydroxymyristamide bridged by a unique 2-pyrroline-5-carboxyl moiety. In addition to enzymes for salicylic acid synthesis and activation, the biosynthetic gene cluster encodes divergent type II fatty acid biosynthesis components, unusual fatty acid-tailoring enzymes (two Rieske-type oxygenases and an amidotransferase), an enzyme resembling a proline-loading module of nonribosomal peptide synthetases, and the first prokaryotic member of the BAHD family of plant acyltransferases. Identification of biosynthetic intermediates enabled to propose a pathway for synthesis of this bacterial colonization factor.	1
Title: Functions required for extracellular quinolone signaling by Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: A set of 30 mutants exhibiting reduced production of the phenazine poison pyocyanin were isolated following transposon mutagenesis of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1. The mutants could be subdivided into those with defects in the primary phenazine biosynthetic pathway and those with more pleiotropic defects. The largest set of pleiotropic mutations blocked the production of the extracellular Pseudomonas quinolone signal (PQS), a molecule required for the synthesis of secondary metabolites and extracellular enzymes. Most of these pqs mutations affected genes which appear to encode PQS biosynthetic functions, although a transcriptional regulator and an apparent response effector were also represented. Two of the genes required for PQS synthesis (phnA and phnB) had previously been assumed to encode phenazine biosynthetic functions. The transcription of one of the genes required for PQS synthesis (PA2587/pqsH) was regulated by the LasI/R quorum-sensing system, thereby linking quorum sensing and PQS regulation. Others of the pleiotropic phenazine-minus mutations appear to inactivate novel components of the quorum-sensing regulatory network, including one regulator (np20) previously shown to be required for virulence in neutropenic mice.	1
Title: Paerucumarin, a new metabolite produced by the pvc gene cluster from Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: The pvc gene cluster from Pseudomonas aeruginosa has been linked to the biosynthesis of both the pyoverdine chromophore and pseudoverdine. Our reinvestigation of the role this gene cluster plays in P. aeruginosa secondary metabolite biosynthesis shows that its major product is actually paerucumarin, a novel isonitrile functionalized cumarin.	1
Title: Three-dimensional structures of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PvcA and PvcB, two proteins involved in the synthesis of 2-isocyano-6,7-dihydroxycoumarin Abstract: The pvcABCD operon of Pseudomonas aeruginosa encodes four proteins (PA2254, PA2255, PA2256, and PA2257) that form a cluster that is responsible for the synthesis of a cyclized isocyano derivative of tyrosine. These proteins, which were identified originally as being responsible for a step in the maturation of the chromophore of the peptide siderophore pyoverdine, have been identified recently as belonging to a family of proteins that produce small organic isonitriles. We report that strains harboring a disruption in the pvcA or pvcB genes are able to grow in iron-depleted conditions and to produce pyoverdine. Additionally, we have determined the three-dimensional crystal structures of PvcA and PvcB. The structure of PvcA demonstrates a novel enzyme architecture that is built upon a Rossmann fold. We have analyzed the sequence conservation of enzymes within this family and identified six conserved motifs. These regions of the protein cluster around a putative active site cavity. The structure of the PvcB protein confirms it is a member of the Fe2+/alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenase family of enzymes. The active site of PvcB is compared to the structures of other family members and suggests that a conformational change to order several loops will accompany the binding of ligands.	1
Title: Phenazines are not essential for Pseudomonas chlororaphis PA23 biocontrol of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, but do play a role in biofilm formation Abstract: Pseudomonas chlororaphis strain PA23 is a biocontrol agent capable of suppressing disease caused by the fungal pathogen Sclerotinia sclerotiorum. This bacterium produces the diffusible antibiotics phenazine-1-carboxylic acid, 2-hydroxyphenazine and pyrrolnitrin (PRN). Because the individual contribution of these antibiotics to PA23 biocontrol has not been defined, mutants deficient in the production of phenazine (PHZ), PRN or both antibiotics were created. Analysis of the PHZ mutant revealed enhanced antifungal activity in vitro and wild-type levels of Sclerotinia disease suppression. Conversely, the PRN- and the PRN/PHZ-deficient strains exhibited decreased antifungal activity in vitro and markedly reduced the ability to control Sclerotinia infection of canola in the greenhouse. These findings suggest that PRN is the primary antibiotic mediating biocontrol of this pathogen. Analysis of prnA-lacZ and phzA-lacZ transcriptional fusions revealed that PRN and PHZ are not subject to autoregulation; moreover, they do not cross-regulate each other. However, HPLC showed a twofold increase in PRN levels in the PHZ(-) background. Finally, PHZ, but not PRN production, is involved in biofilm development in P. chlororaphis PA23.	1
Title: The Pseudomonas siderophore quinolobactin is synthesized from xanthurenic acid, an intermediate of the kynurenine pathway Abstract: To cope with iron deficiency fluorescent pseudomonads produce pyoverdines which are complex peptidic siderophores that very efficiently scavenge iron. In addition to pyoverdine some species also produce other siderophores. Recently, it was shown that Pseudomonas fluorescens ATCC 17400 produces the siderophore quinolobactin, an 8-hydroxy-4-methoxy-2-quinoline carboxylic acid (Mossialos, D., Meyer, J.M., Budzikiewicz, H., Wolff, U., Koedam, N., Baysse, C., Anjaiah, V., and Cornelis, P. (2000) Appl Environ Microbiol 66: 487-492). The entire quinolobactin biosynthetic, transport and uptake gene cluster, consisting out of two operons comprising 12 open reading frames, was cloned and sequenced. Based on the genes present and physiological complementation assays a biosynthetic pathway for quinolobactin is proposed. Surprisingly, this pathway turned out to combine genes derived from the eukaryotic tryptophan-xanthurenic acid branch of the kynurenine pathway and from the pathway for the biosynthesis of pyridine-2,6-bis(thiocarboxylic acid) from P. stutzeri, PDTC. These results clearly show the involvement of the tryptophan-kynurenine-xanthurenic acid pathway in the synthesis of an authentic quinoline siderophore.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of rhizocticins, antifungal phosphonate oligopeptides produced by Bacillus subtilis ATCC6633 Abstract: Rhizocticins are phosphonate oligopeptide antibiotics containing the C-terminal nonproteinogenic amino acid (Z)-l-2-amino-5-phosphono-3-pentenoic acid (APPA). Here we report the identification and characterization of the rhizocticin biosynthetic gene cluster (rhi) in Bacillus subtilis ATCC6633. Rhizocticin B was heterologously produced in the nonproducer strain Bacillus subtilis 168. A biosynthetic pathway is proposed on the basis of bioinformatics analysis of the rhi genes. One of the steps during the biosynthesis of APPA is an unusual aldol reaction between phosphonoacetaldehyde and oxaloacetate catalyzed by an aldolase homolog RhiG. Recombinant RhiG was prepared, and the product of an in vitro enzymatic conversion was characterized. Access to this intermediate allows for biochemical characterization of subsequent steps in the pathway.	1
Title: Genome sequence of the bacterium Streptomyces davawensis JCM 4913 and heterologous production of the unique antibiotic roseoflavin Abstract: Streptomyces davawensis JCM 4913 synthesizes the antibiotic roseoflavin, a structural riboflavin (vitamin B(2)) analog. Here, we report the 9,466,619-bp linear chromosome of S. davawensis JCM 4913 and a 89,331-bp linear plasmid. The sequence has an average G+C content of 70.58% and contains six rRNA operons (16S-23S-5S) and 69 tRNA genes. The 8,616 predicted protein-coding sequences include 32 clusters coding for secondary metabolites, several of which are unique to S. davawensis. The chromosome contains long terminal inverted repeats of 33,255 bp each and atypical telomeres. Sequence analysis with regard to riboflavin biosynthesis revealed three different patterns of gene organization in Streptomyces species. Heterologous expression of a set of genes present on a subgenomic fragment of S. davawensis resulted in the production of roseoflavin by the host Streptomyces coelicolor M1152. Phylogenetic analysis revealed that S. davawensis is a close relative of Streptomyces cinnabarinus, and much to our surprise, we found that the latter bacterium is a roseoflavin producer as well.	1
Title: Identification of deoxynivalenol- and nivalenol-producing chemotypes of Gibberella zeae by using PCR Abstract: Gibberella zeae, a major cause of cereal scab, may be divided into two chemotypes based on production of the trichothecenes deoxynivalenol (DON) and nivalenol (NIV). We cloned and sequenced the gene cluster for trichothecene biosynthesis from each chemotype. G. zeae H-11 is a DON producer isolated from corn, and G. zeae 88-1 is a NIV producer from barley. We sequenced a 23-kb gene cluster from H-11 and a 26-kb cluster from 88-1, along with the unlinked Tri101 genes. Each gene cluster contained 10 Tri gene homologues in the same order and transcriptional directions as those of Fusarium sporotrichioides. Between H-11 and 88-1 all of the Tri homologues except Tri7 were conserved, with identities ranging from 88 to 98% and 82 to 99% at the nucleotide and amino acid levels, respectively. The Tri7 sequences were only 80% identical at the nucleotide level. We aligned the Tri7 genes and found that the Tri7 open reading frame of H-11 carried several mutations and an insertion containing 10 copies of an 11-bp tandem repeat. The Tri7 gene from 88-1 carried neither the repeat nor the mutations. We assayed 100 G. zeae isolates of both chemotypes by PCR amplification with a primer pair derived from the Tri7 gene and could differentiate the chemotypes by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. The PCR-based method developed in this study should provide a simple and reliable diagnostic tool for differentiating the two chemotypes of G. zeae.	1
Title: Tri13 and Tri7 determine deoxynivalenol- and nivalenol-producing chemotypes of Gibberella zeae Abstract: Gibberella zeae, a major cause of cereal scab, can be divided into two chemotypes based on production of the 8-ketotrichothecenes deoxynivalenol (DON) and nivalenol (NIV). We cloned and sequenced a Tri13 homolog from each chemotype. The Tri13 from a NIV chemotype strain (88-1) is located in the trichothecene gene cluster and carries an open reading frame similar to that of Fusarium sporotrichioides, whereas the Tri13 from a DON chemotype strain (H-11) carries several mutations. To confirm the roles of the Tri13 and Tri7 genes in trichothecene production by G. zeae, we genetically altered toxin production in 88-1 and H-11. In transgenic strains, the targeted deletion of Tri13 from the genome of 88-1 caused production of DON rather than NIV. Heterologous expression of the 88-1 Tri13 gene alone or in combination with the 88-1 Tri7 gene conferred on H-11 the ability to synthesize NIV; in the latter case, 4-acetylnivalenol (4-ANIV) also was produced. These results suggest that Tri13 and Tri7 are required for oxygenation and acetylation of the oxygen at C-4 during synthesis of NIV and 4-ANIV in G. zeae. These functional analyses of the Tri13 and Tri7 genes provide the first clear evidence for the genetic basis of the DON and NIV chemotypes in G. zeae.	1
Title: TRI6 and TRI10 play different roles in the regulation of deoxynivalenol (DON) production by cAMP signalling in Fusarium graminearum Abstract: The biosynthesis of mycotoxin deoxynivalenol (DON) in Fusarium graminearum is regulated by two pathway-specific transcription factors Tri6 and Tri10 and affected by various host and environmental factors. In this study, we showed that cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) treatment induced DON production by stimulating TRI gene expression and DON-associated cellular differentiation in F. graminearum. Interestingly, exogenous cAMP had no effects on the tri6 mutant but partially recovered the defect of tri10 mutant in DON biosynthesis. Although the two cAMP phosphodiesterase genes PDE1 and PDE2 had overlapping functions in vegetative growth, conidiation, sexual reproduction and plant infection, deletion of PDE2 but not PDE1 activated intracellular PKA activities and increased DON production. Whereas the tri6 pde2 mutant failed to produce DON, the tri10 pde2 double mutant produced a significantly higher level of DON than the tri10 mutant. Cellular differentiation associated with DON production was stimulated by exogenous cAMP or deletion of PDE2 in both tri10 and tri6 mutants. These data indicate that TRI6 is essential for the regulation of DON biosynthesis by cAMP signalling but elevated PKA activities could partially bypass the requirement of TRI10 for TRI gene-expression and DON production, and Pde2 is the major cAMP phosphodiesterase to negatively regulate DON biosynthesis in F. graminearum.	1
Title: Evolution of structural diversity of trichothecenes, a family of toxins produced by plant pathogenic and entomopathogenic fungi Abstract: Trichothecenes are a family of terpenoid toxins produced by multiple genera of fungi, including plant and insect pathogens. Some trichothecenes produced by the fungus Fusarium are among the mycotoxins of greatest concern to food and feed safety because of their toxicity and frequent occurrence in cereal crops, and trichothecene production contributes to pathogenesis of some Fusarium species on plants. Collectively, fungi produce over 150 trichothecene analogs: i.e., molecules that share the same core structure but differ in patterns of substituents attached to the core structure. Here, we carried out genomic, phylogenetic, gene-function, and analytical chemistry studies of strains from nine fungal genera to identify genetic variation responsible for trichothecene structural diversity and to gain insight into evolutionary processes that have contributed to the variation. The results indicate that structural diversity has resulted from gain, loss, and functional changes of trichothecene biosynthetic (TRI) genes. The results also indicate that the presence of some substituents has arisen independently in different fungi by gain of different genes with the same function. Variation in TRI gene duplication and number of TRI loci was also observed among the fungi examined, but there was no evidence that such genetic differences have contributed to trichothecene structural variation. We also inferred ancestral states of the TRI cluster and trichothecene biosynthetic pathway, and proposed scenarios for changes in trichothecene structures during divergence of TRI cluster homologs. Together, our findings provide insight into evolutionary processes responsible for structural diversification of toxins produced by pathogenic fungi.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the antibiotic tropodithietic acid by the marine bacterium Phaeobacter inhibens Abstract: The biosynthesis of tropodithietic acid was investigated using a combinatorial approach of feeding experiments, gene knockouts and bioinformatic analyses. The mechanism of sulfur introduction is distinct from known mechanisms in holomycin, thiomarinol A and gliotoxin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Investigation of the Genetics and Biochemistry of Roseobacticide Production in the Roseobacter Clade Bacterium Phaeobacter inhibens Abstract: Roseobacterclade bacteria are abundant in surface waters and are among the most metabolically diverse and ecologically significant species. This group includes opportunistic symbionts that associate with micro- and macroalgae. We have proposed that one representative member,Phaeobacter inhibens, engages in a dynamic symbiosis with the microalgaEmiliania huxleyi In one phase, mutualistically beneficial molecules are exchanged, including theRoseobacter-produced antibiotic tropodithietic acid (TDA), which is thought to protect the symbiotic interaction. In an alternative parasitic phase, triggered by algal senescence, the bacteria produce potent algaecides, the roseobacticides, which kill the algal host. Here, we employed genetic and biochemical screens to identify the roseobacticide biosynthetic gene cluster. By using a transposon mutagenesis approach, we found that genes required for TDA synthesis-thetdaoperon andpaacatabolon-are also necessary for roseobacticide production. Thus, in contrast to the one-cluster-one-compound paradigm, thetdagene cluster can generate two sets of molecules with distinct structures and bioactivities. We further show that roseobacticide production is quorum sensing regulated via anN-acyl homoserine lactone signal (3-OH-C10-HSL). To ensure tight regulation of algaecide production, and thus of a lifestyle switch from mutualism to parasitism, roseobacticide biosynthesis necessitates the presence of both an algal senescence molecule and a quorum sensing signal.IMPORTANCEMarineRoseobacterspecies are abundant in the oceans and engage in symbiotic interactions with microscopic algae. One member,P. inhibens, produces the antibiotic TDA and a growth hormone thought to protect and promote algal growth. However, in the presence of molecules released by senescing algae, the bacteria produce potent algaecides, the roseobacticides, which kill the host. We examined the regulatory networks and biosynthetic genes required for roseobacticide production. We found thatP. inhibensuses largely the same set of genes for production of both TDA and roseobacticides, thus providing a rare case in which one gene cluster synthesizes two structurally and functionally distinct molecules. Moreover, we found roseobacticide production to be regulated by quorum sensing. Thus, two small molecules, the algal metabolite and the quorum-sensing signal, ensure tight control in the production of roseobacticides. These results highlight the role of small molecules in regulating microbial symbioses.	1
Title: Characterization of the xiamenmycin biosynthesis gene cluster in Streptomyces xiamenensis 318 Abstract: Xiamenmycin (1) is a prenylated benzopyran derivative with anti-fibrotic activity. To investigate the genetic basis of xiamenmycin biosynthesis, we performed genome mining in the xiamenmycin-producing Streptomyces xiamenensis wild-type strain 318 to identify a candidate gene cluster. The complete gene cluster, consisting of five genes, was confirmed by a series of gene inactivations and heterologous expression. Based on bioinformatics analyses of each gene and feeding experiments, we found that the structure of an intermediate xiamenmycin B (3) accumulated in a ximA inactivation mutant, allowing us to propose a biosynthetic pathway. All five of the genes in the pathway were genetically and biochemically characterized. XimA was biochemically characterized as an ATP-dependent amide synthetase, catalyzing an amide bond formation in the presence of ATP as the final step in Xiamenmycin biosynthesis. The Km value of XimA was determined to be 474.38 µM for the substrate xiamenmycin B. These studies provide opportunities to use genetic and chemo-enzymatic methods to create new benzopyran derivatives as potential therapeutic agents.	1
Title: Genomics-guided discovery of endophenazines from Kitasatospora sp. HKI 714 Abstract: In this study we report on the genomics-guided exploration of the metabolic potential of the newly discovered strain Kitasatospora sp. HKI 714. The bioinformatics analysis of the whole genome sequence revealed the presence of a biosynthetic gene cluster presumably responsible for the biosynthesis of formerly unknown endophenazine derivatives. A 200 L cultivation combined with bioactivity-guided isolation techniques revealed four new natural products belonging to the endophenazines and the 5,10-dihydrophenazines. Detailed descriptions of their biological effects, mainly focused on antimicrobial properties against several mycobacteria, are given.	1
Title: A gene cluster for prenylated naphthoquinone and prenylated phenazine biosynthesis in Streptomyces cinnamonensis DSM 1042 Abstract: Streptomyces cinnamonensis DSM 1042 produces two classes of secondary metabolites of mixed isoprenoid/nonisoprenoid origin: the polyketide-isoprenoid compound furanonaphthoquinone I (FNQ I) and several prenylated phenazines, predominantly endophenazine A. We now report the cloning and sequence analysis of a 55 kb gene cluster required for the biosynthesis of these compounds. Several inactivation experiments confirmed the involvement of this gene cluster in the biosynthesis of FNQ I and endophenazine A. The six identified genes for endophenazine biosynthesis showed close similarity to phenazine biosynthetic genes from Pseudomonas. Of the 28 open reading frames identified in the adjacent FNQ I cluster, 13 showed close similarity to genes contained in the cluster for furaquinocin-a structurally similar metabolite from another Streptomyces strain. These genes included a type III polyketide synthase sequence, a momA-like monooxygenase gene, and two cloQ-like prenyltransferase genes designated fnq26 and fnq28. Inactivation experiments confirmed the involvement of fnq26 in FNQ I biosynthesis, whereas no change in secondary-metabolite formation was observed after fnq28 inactivation. The FNQ I cluster contains a contiguous group of five genes, which together encode all the enzymatic functions required for the recycling of S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) to S-adenosylmethionine (SAM). Two SAM-dependent methyltransferases are encoded within the cluster. Inactivation experiments showed that fnq9 is responsible for the 7-O-methylation and fnq27 for the 6-C-methylation reaction in FNQ I biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the isoprenoid moieties of furanonaphthoquinone I and endophenazine A in Streptomyces cinnamonensis DSM 1042 Abstract: Streptomyces cinnamonensis DSM 1042 produces the polyketide-isoprenoid compound furanonaphthoquinone I (FNQ I) and isoprenylated phenazines, predominantly endophenazine A. However, the recently identified biosynthetic gene cluster for these compounds only contains a single gene for a mevalonate pathway enzyme, that is, a putative mevalonate kinase gene. This is in strong contrast to all Streptomyces strains examined so far, where all six genes encoding the mevalonate pathway enzymes are clustered in a single operon of 6.8 kb and, thus, raised the question about the biosynthetic origin of the isoprenoid moieties of FNQ I and endophenazine A. In this study, we investigated the incorporation of [13C2]acetate and [2-13C]glycerol into FNQ I and endophenazine A. The results unequivocally prove that the isoprenoid building blocks of both compounds are predominantly formed via the mevalonate pathway (approximately 80%) but that the MEP pathway (approximately 20%) contributes to the biosynthesis of these molecules, too. In actinomycetes, this is the first experimentally proven example of the utilization of both biosynthetic routes for the formation of one single secondary metabolite. The incorporation pattern of [2-13C]glycerol was consistent with a "reverse" prenyl transfer, that is, with the formation of a C-C bond from C-3 of GPP to the polyketide nucleus of FNQ I.	1
Title: Insights into a divergent phenazine biosynthetic pathway governed by a plasmid-born esmeraldin gene cluster Abstract: Phenazine-type metabolites arise from either phenazine-1-carboxylic acid (PCA) or phenazine-1,6-dicarboxylic acid (PDC). Although the biosynthesis of PCA has been studied extensively, PDC assembly remains unclear. Esmeraldins and saphenamycin, the PDC originated products, are antimicrobial and antitumor metabolites isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 2706. Herein, the esmeraldin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified on a dispensable giant plasmid. Twenty-four putative esm genes were characterized by bioinformatics, mutagenesis, genetic complementation, and functional protein expressions. Unlike enzymes involved in PCA biosynthesis, EsmA1 and EsmA2 together decisively promoted the PDC yield. The resulting PDC underwent a series of conversions to give 6-acetylphenazine-1-carboxylic acid, saphenic acid, and saphenamycin through a unique one-carbon extension by EsmB1-B5, a keto reduction by EsmC, and an esterification by EsmD1-D3, the atypical polyketide sythases, respectively. Two transcriptional regulators, EsmT1 and EsmT2, are required for esmeraldin production.	1
Title: Functional analysis of genes for biosynthesis of pyocyanin and phenazine-1-carboxamide from Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 Abstract: Two seven-gene phenazine biosynthetic loci were cloned from Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1. The operons, designated phzA1B1C1D1E1F1G1 and phzA2B2C2D2E2F2G2, are homologous to previously studied phenazine biosynthetic operons from Pseudomonas fluorescens and Pseudomonas aureofaciens. Functional studies of phenazine-nonproducing strains of fluorescent pseudomonads indicated that each of the biosynthetic operons from P. aeruginosa is sufficient for production of a single compound, phenazine-1-carboxylic acid (PCA). Subsequent conversion of PCA to pyocyanin is mediated in P. aeruginosa by two novel phenazine-modifying genes, phzM and phzS, which encode putative phenazine-specific methyltransferase and flavin-containing monooxygenase, respectively. Expression of phzS alone in Escherichia coli or in enzymes, pyocyanin-nonproducing P. fluorescens resulted in conversion of PCA to 1-hydroxyphenazine. P. aeruginosa with insertionally inactivated phzM or phzS developed pyocyanin-deficient phenotypes. A third phenazine-modifying gene, phzH, which has a homologue in Pseudomonas chlororaphis, also was identified and was shown to control synthesis of phenazine-1-carboxamide from PCA in P. aeruginosa PAO1. Our results suggest that there is a complex pyocyanin biosynthetic pathway in P. aeruginosa consisting of two core loci responsible for synthesis of PCA and three additional genes encoding unique enzymes involved in the conversion of PCA to pyocyanin, 1-hydroxyphenazine, and phenazine-1-carboxamide.	1
Title: Glutamic acid is a carrier for hydrazine during the biosyntheses of fosfazinomycin and kinamycin Abstract: Fosfazinomycin and kinamycin are natural products that contain nitrogen-nitrogen (N-N) bonds but that are otherwise structurally unrelated. Despite their considerable structural differences, their biosynthetic gene clusters share a set of genes predicted to facilitate N-N bond formation. In this study, we show that for both compounds, one of the nitrogen atoms in the N-N bond originates from nitrous acid. Furthermore, we show that for both compounds, an acetylhydrazine biosynthetic synthon is generated first and then funneled via a glutamyl carrier into the respective biosynthetic pathways. Therefore, unlike other pathways to N-N bond-containing natural products wherein the N-N bond is formed directly on a biosynthetic intermediate, during the biosyntheses of fosfazinomycin, kinamycin, and related compounds, the N-N bond is made in an independent pathway that forms a branch of a convergent route to structurally complex natural products.	1
Title: New Insights into the Biosynthesis of Fosfazinomycin Abstract: The biosynthetic origin of a unique hydrazide moiety in the phosphonate natural product fosfazinomycin is unknown. This study presents the activities of five proteins encoded in its gene cluster. The flavin dependent oxygenase FzmM catalyses the oxidation of L-Asp to N-hydroxy-Asp. When FzmL is added, fumarate is produced in addition to nitrous acid. The adenylosuccinate lyase homolog FzmR eliminates acetylhydrazine from N-acetylhydrazinosuccinate, which in turn is the product of FzmQ-catalysed acetylation of hydrazinosuccinate. Collectively, these findings suggest a path to N-acetylhydrazine from L-Asp. The incorporation of nitrogen from L-Asp into fosfazinomycin was confirmed by isotope labelling studies. Installation of the N-terminal Val of fosfazinomycin is catalysed by FzmI in a Val-tRNA dependent process.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of fosfazinomycin is a convergent process Abstract: Fosfazinomycin A is a phosphonate natural product in which the C-terminal carboxylate of a Val-Arg dipeptide is connected to methyl 2-hydroxy-2-phosphono-acetate (Me-HPnA) via a unique hydrazide linkage. We report here that Me-HPnA is generated from phosphonoacetaldehyde (PnAA) in three biosynthetic steps through the combined action of an O-methyltransferase (FzmB) and an α-ketoglutarate (α-KG) dependent non-heme iron dioxygenase (FzmG). Unexpectedly, the latter enzyme is involved in two different steps, oxidation of the PnAA to phosphonoacetic acid as well as hydroxylation of methyl 2-phosphonoacetate. The N-methyltransferase (FzmH) was able to methylate Arg-NHNH2 (3) to give Arg-NHNHMe (4), constituting the second segment of the fosfazinomycin molecule. Methylation of other putative intermediates such as desmethyl fosfazinomycin B was not observed. Collectively, our current data support a convergent biosynthetic pathway to fosfazinomycin.	1
Title: Use of a phosphonate methyltransferase in the identification of the fosfazinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Natural product discovery has been boosted by genome mining approaches, but compound purification is often still challenging. We report an enzymatic strategy for "stable isotope labeling of phosphonates in extract" (SILPE) that facilitates their purification. We used the phosphonate methyltransferase DhpI involved in dehydrophos biosynthesis to methylate a variety of phosphonate natural products in crude spent medium with a mixture of labeled and unlabeled S-adenosyl methionine. Mass-guided fractionation then allowed straightforward purification. We illustrate its utility by purifying a phosphonate that led to the identification of the fosfazinomycin biosynthetic gene cluster. This unusual natural product contains a hydrazide linker between a carboxylic acid and a phosphonic acid. Bioinformatic analysis of the gene cluster provides insights into how such a structure might be assembled.	1
Title: Heterologous production of fosfomycin and identification of the minimal biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Fosfomycin is a clinically utilized, highly effective antibiotic, which is active against methicillin- and vancomycin-resistant pathogens. Here we report the cloning and characterization of a complete fosfomycin biosynthetic cluster from Streptomyces fradiae and heterologous production of fosfomycin in S. lividans. Sequence analysis coupled with gene deletion and disruption revealed that the minimal cluster consists of fom1-4, fomA-D. A LuxR-type activator that was apparently required for heterologous fosfomycin production was also discovered approximately 13 kb away from the cluster and was named fomR. The genes fomE and fomF, previously thought to be involved in fosfomycin biosynthesis, were shown not to be essential by gene disruption. This work provides new insights into fosfomycin biosynthesis and opens the door for fosfomycin overproduction and creation of new analogs via biomolecular pathway engineering.	1
Title: New insight into the mechanism of methyl transfer during the biosynthesis of fosfomycin Abstract: Hydroxyethylphosphonate is a required intermediate in fosfomycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification and transcriptional organization of aerobactin transport and biosynthesis cluster genes of Vibrio hollisae Abstract: We had previously reported that Vibrio hollisae produces aerobactin in response to iron starvation. In the present study, we identified in V. hollisae ATCC33564 the aerobactin system cluster which consists of eight genes, hatCDB, iucABCD and iutA. The hatCDB genes encode proteins homologous to components of bacterial ATP binding cassette transport systems for ferric aerobactin. The iucABCD and iutA orthologs code for aerobactin biosynthesis enzymes and the ferric aerobactin receptor, respectively. In accordance with their iron-regulated expression, putative Fur box sequences were found within the respective promoter regions of hatC, iucA and iutA. The monocistronic iutA transcript was detected by northern blotting. Moreover, phenotypic comparison between the wild-type strain and its targeted gene disruptants supported the biological functions that were expected for the respective operons and genes on the basis of the homology search. The arrangement of the aerobactin gene clusters thus far found in Vibrio and enterobacterial species was compared and discussed from an evolutionary point of view.	1
Title: Identification of a cluster of genes that directs desferrioxamine biosynthesis in Streptomyces coelicolor M145 Abstract: Desferrioxamines are a structurally related family of tris-hydroxamate siderophores that form strong hexadentate complexes with ferric iron. Desferrioxamine B has been used clinically for the treatment of iron overload in man. We have unambiguously identified desferrioxamine E as the major desferrioxamine siderophore produced by Streptomyces coelicolor M145 and have identified a cluster of four genes (desA-D) that directs desferrioxamine biosynthesis in this model actinomycete. On the basis of comparative sequence analysis of the proteins encoded by these genes, we propose a plausible pathway for desferrioxamine biosynthesis. The desferrioxamine biosynthetic pathway belongs to a new and rapidly emerging family of pathways for siderophore biosynthesis, widely distributed across diverse species of bacteria, which is biochemically distinct from the better known nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) pathway used in many organisms for siderophore biosynthesis.	1
Title: A new family of ATP-dependent oligomerization-macrocyclization biocatalysts Abstract: Oligomerization and macrocyclization reactions are key steps in the biosynthesis of many bioactive natural products. Important macrocycles include the antibiotic daptomycin (1; ref. 1), the immunosuppressant FK-506 (2; ref. 2), the anthelmintic avermectin B1a (3; ref. 3) and the insecticide spinosyn A (4; ref. 4); important oligomeric macrocycles include the siderophores enterobactin (5; ref. 5) and desferrioxamine E (6; ref. 6). Biosynthetic oligomerization and macrocyclization reactions typically involve covalently tethered intermediates and are catalyzed by thioesterase domains of polyketide synthase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase multienzymes. Here we report that the purified recombinant desferrioxamine siderophore synthetase DesD from Streptomyces coelicolor M145 catalyzes ATP-dependent trimerization-macrocyclization of a chemically synthesized 10-aminocarboxylic acid substrate via noncovalently bound intermediates. DesD is dissimilar to other known synthetase families but is similar to other enzymes known or proposed to be required for the biosynthesis of omega-aminocarboxylic acid-derived cyclodimeric siderophores. This suggests that DesD is the first biochemically characterized member of a new family of oligomerizing and macrocyclizing synthetases.	1
Title: Disruption of the siderophore-binding desE receptor gene in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) results in impaired growth in spite of multiple iron-siderophore transport systems Abstract: Ferrioxamines-mediated iron acquisition by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) has recently received increased attention. In addition to the biological role of desferrioxamines (dFOs) as hydroxamate siderophores, and the pharmaceutical application of dFO-B as an iron-chelator, the ferrioxamines have been shown to mediate microbial interactions. In S. coelicolor the siderophore-binding receptors DesE (Sco2780) and CdtB (Sco7399) have been postulated to specifically recognize and uptake FO-E (cyclic) and FO-B (linear) respectively. Here, disruption of the desE gene in S. coelicolor, and subsequent phenotypic analysis, is used to demonstrate a link between iron metabolism and physiological and morphological development. Streptomyces coelicolor desE mutants, isolated in both wild-type (M145) and a coelichelin biosynthesis and transport minus background (mutant W3), a second hydroxamate siderophore system only found in S. coelicolor and related species, resulted in impaired growth and lack of sporulation. This phenotype could only be partially rescued by expression in trans of either desE and cdtB genes, which contrasted with the ability of FO-E, and to a lesser extent of FO-B, to fully restore growth at µM concentrations, with a concomitant induction of a marked phenotypic response involving precocious synthesis of actinorhodin and sporulation. Moreover, growth restoration of the desE mutant by complementation with desE and cdtB showed that DesE, which is universally conserved in Streptomyces, and CdtB, only present in certain streptomycetes, have partial equivalent functional roles under laboratory conditions, implying overlapping ferrioxamine specificities. The biotechnological and ecological implications of these observations are discussed.	1
Title: Bacillus anthracis requires siderophore biosynthesis for growth in macrophages and mouse virulence Abstract: Systemic anthrax infections can be characterized as proceeding in stages, beginning with an early intracellular establishment stage within phagocytes that is followed by extracelluar stages involving massive bacteraemia, sepsis and death. Because most bacteria require iron, and the host limits iron availability through homeostatic mechanisms, we hypothesized that B. anthracis requires a high-affinity mechanism of iron acquisition during its growth stages. Two putative types of siderophore synthesis operons, named Bacillus anthracis catechol, bac (anthrabactin), and anthrax siderophore biosynthesis, asb (anthrachelin), were identified. Directed gene deletions in both anthrabactin and anthrachelin pathways were generated in a B. anthracis (Sterne) 34F2 background resulting in mutations in asbA and bacCEBF. A decrease in siderophore production was observed during iron-depleted growth in both the DeltaasbA and DeltabacCEBF strains, but only the DeltaasbA strain was attenuated for growth under these conditions. In addition, the DeltaasbA strain was severely attenuated both for growth in macrophages (MPhi) and for virulence in mice. In contrast, the DeltabacCEBF strain did not differ phenotypically from the parental strain. These findings support a requirement for anthrachelin but not anthrabactin in iron assimilation during the intracellular stage of anthrax.	1
Title: Role of siderophore biosynthesis in virulence of Staphylococcus aureus: identification and characterization of genes involved in production of a siderophore Abstract: Molecular determinants underlying the production of siderophores in the human and animal pathogen Staphylococcus aureus and the contribution of siderophore production to the virulence of this bacterium have, until now, remained undefined. Here, we show that S. aureus strains RN6390 and Newman produce siderophore when the cells are starved for iron. We further identified and characterized a nine-gene, iron-regulated operon, designated sbn and situated between sirABC and galE on the S. aureus chromosome, that is involved in the production of a siderophore. Mutation of the sbnE gene, in both RN6390 and Newman, eliminates the ability of these strains to produce a siderophore under iron-limited growth conditions, while introduction of multicopy sbnE into sbnE mutants complemented the inability of the mutants to produce the siderophore. sbnE mutants, in both the RN6390 and Newman backgrounds, displayed a drastic growth deficiency, compared to the wild type, in iron-restricted growth medium, whereas no such deficiency was observed during growth in iron-replete medium. Complemented mutants showed a restored ability to grow under iron restriction. We further showed that an sbnE mutant was compromised in a murine kidney abscess model of S. aureus infection, illustrating the importance of siderophore production to the pathogenicity of S. aureus. sbn genes were present in all S. aureus strains tested (and all S. aureus genome sequences) but were undetectable in any of the 13 coagulase-negative staphylococci tested, including Staphylococcus epidermidis.	1
Title: Molecular characterization of staphyloferrin B biosynthesis in Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Siderophores are iron-scavenging molecules produced by many microbes. In general, they are synthesized using either non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) or NRPS-independent siderophore (NIS) pathways. Staphylococcus aureus produces siderophores, of which the structures of staphyloferrin A and staphyloferrin B are known. Recently, the NIS biosynthetic pathway for staphyloferrin A was characterized. Here we show that, in S. aureus, the previously identified sbn (siderophore biosynthesis) locus encodes enzymes required for the synthesis of staphyloferrin B, an alpha-hydroxycarboxylate siderophore comprised of l-2,3-diaminopropionic acid, citric acid, 1,2-diaminoethane and alpha-ketoglutaric acid. Staphyloferrin B NIS biosynthesis was recapitulated in vitro, using purified recombinant Sbn enzymes and the component substrates. In vitro synthesized staphyloferrin B readily promoted the growth of iron-starved S. aureus, via the ABC transporter SirABC. The SbnCEF synthetases and a decarboxylase, SbnH, were necessary and sufficient to produce staphyloferrin B in reactions containing component substrates l-2,3-diaminopropionic acid, citric acid and alpha-ketoglutaric acid. Since 1,2-diaminoethane was not required, this component of the siderophore arises from the SbnH-dependent decarboxylation of a 2,3-diaminoproprionic acid-containing intermediate. Liquid chromatography-electrospray ionization-mass spectrometry (LC-ESI-MS) analyses of a series of enzyme reactions identified mass ions corresponding to biosynthetic intermediates, allowing for the first proposed biosynthetic pathway for staphyloferrin B.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the Staphylococcus aureus gene cluster coding for staphyloferrin A Abstract: Siderophores are key virulence factors that allow bacteria to grow in iron-restricted environments. The Gram-positive pathogen Staphylococcus aureus is known to produce four siderophores for which genetic and/or structural data are unknown. Here we characterize the gene cluster responsible for producing the prevalent siderophore staphyloferrin A. In addition to expressing the cluster in the heterologous host Escherichia coli, which confers the ability to synthesize the siderophore, we reconstituted staphyloferrin A biosynthesis in vitro by expressing and purifying two key enzymes in the pathway. As with other polycarboxylate siderophores, staphyloferrin A is biosynthesized using the recently described nonribosomal peptide synthetase independent siderophore (NIS) biosynthetic pathway. Two NIS synthetases condense two molecules of citric acid to d-ornithine in a stepwise ordered process with SfnaD using the delta-amine as a nucleophile to form the first amide followed by SfnaB utilizing the alpha-amine to complete staphyloferrin A synthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of staphyloferrin A biosynthetic and transport mutants in Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Iron is critical for virtually all forms of life. The production of high-affinity iron chelators, siderophores, and the subsequent uptake of iron-siderophore complexes are a common strategy employed by microorganisms to acquire iron. Staphylococcus aureus produces siderophores but genetic information underlying their synthesis and transport is limited. Previous work implicated the sbn operon in siderophore synthesis and the sirABC operon in uptake. Here we characterize a second siderophore biosynthetic locus in S. aureus; the locus consists of four genes (in strain Newman these open reading frames are designated NWMN_2079-2082) which, together, are responsible for the synthesis and export of staphyloferrin A, a polycarboxylate siderophore. While deletion of the NWMN_2079-2082 locus did not affect iron-restricted growth of S. aureus, strains bearing combined sbn and NWMN_2079-2082 locus deletions produced no detectable siderophore and demonstrated severely attenuated iron-restricted growth. Adjacent to NWMN_2079-2082 resides the htsABC operon, encoding an ABC transporter previously implicated in haem acquisition. We provide evidence here that HtsABC, along with the FhuC ATPase, is required for the uptake of staphyloferrin A. The crystal structure of apo-HtsA was determined and identified a large positively charged region in the substrate-binding pocket, in agreement with a role in binding of anionic staphyloferrin A.	1
Title: Cloning of a Vibrio cholerae vibriobactin gene cluster: identification of genes required for early steps in siderophore biosynthesis Abstract: Vibrio cholerae secretes the catechol siderophore vibriobactin in response to iron limitation. Vibriobactin is structurally similar to enterobactin, the siderophore produced by Escherichia coli, and both organisms produce 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA) as an intermediate in siderophore biosynthesis. To isolate and characterize V. cholerae genes involved in vibriobactin biosynthesis, we constructed a genomic cosmid bank of V. cholerae DNA and isolated clones that complemented mutations in E. coli enterobactin biosynthesis genes. V. cholerae homologs of entA, entB, entC, entD, and entE were identified on overlapping cosmid clones. Our data indicate that the vibriobactin genes are clustered, like the E. coli enterobactin genes, but the organization of the genes within these clusters is different. In this paper, we present the organization and sequences of genes involved in the synthesis and activation of DHBA. In addition, a V. cholerae strain with a chromosomal mutation in vibA was constructed by marker exchange. This strain was unable to produce vibriobactin or DHBA, confirming that in V. cholerae VibA catalyzes an early step in vibriobactin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of genes required for biosynthesis and transport of the siderophore vibrioferrin in Vibrio parahaemolyticus Abstract: In response to low iron availability, Vibrio parahaemolyticus synthesizes and secretes a polyhydroxycarboxylate-type siderophore vibrioferrin which is composed of 1 mol each of 2-ketoglutaric acid, L-alanine, ethanolamine, and citric acid. We have previously reported the cloning and characterization of the pvuA gene, which encodes the 78-kDa outer membrane receptor protein for ferric vibrioferrin. In this study, nine genes involved in the biosynthesis and transport of vibrioferrin have been identified in the genomic regions surrounding the pvuA gene. The genes were sequenced, and gene disruptants were constructed by insertion mutation for phenotype analysis. Five of the genes, named pvsABCDE, constitute an operon that is expressed under iron-limiting conditions. Homology searches of their predicted protein products suggested that the four genes pvsABDE are implicated in the biosynthesis of the siderophore. Another gene in the same operon, pvsC, encodes a putative exporter that is homologous to members of the major facilitator superfamily of multidrug efflux pumps. The remaining four genes, named pvuBCDE, encode proteins strongly homologous to Escherichia coli FecBCDE, respectively, which are components of the ATP-binding cassette transporter system for ferric dicitrate. Reverse transcriptase PCR analysis revealed that these transport genes are transcribed as a single mRNA with the upstream genes, psuA and pvuA. Phenotypic comparison between the wild-type strain and its targeted gene disruptants supported the biological functions for the respective operons that were expected on the basis of the homology search.	1
Title: Isolation, sequencing and characterization of cluster genes involved in the biosynthesis and utilization of the siderophore of marine fish pathogen Vibrio alginolyticus Abstract: In fish pathogen Vibrio alginolyticus MVP01, the isolated 11-gene cluster consisted of two divergently transcribed, Fe(3+) and ferric uptake regulator (Fur) regulated operons, pvsABCDE and psuA-pvuABCDE, sharing high similarity with that related to siderophore biosynthesis and transportation locus in V. parahaemolyticus. Siderophore biosynthesis or utilization was blocked when pvsA and pvsD of the pvsABCDE operon or pvuA, pvuB and pvuE of the psuA-pvuABCDE operon was single-gene in-frame mutated, demonstrating their essential roles for siderophore biosynthesis or utilization in V. alginolyticus MVP01. Addition of the purified siderophore restored the cell growth in siderophore biosynthesis mutants, but not in siderophore uptake mutants.	1
Title: Production of α-galactosylceramide by a prominent member of the human gut microbiota Abstract: While the human gut microbiota are suspected to produce diffusible small molecules that modulate host signaling pathways, few of these molecules have been identified. Species of Bacteroides and their relatives, which often comprise >50% of the gut community, are unusual among bacteria in that their membrane is rich in sphingolipids, a class of signaling molecules that play a key role in inducing apoptosis and modulating the host immune response. Although known for more than three decades, the full repertoire of Bacteroides sphingolipids has not been defined. Here, we use a combination of genetics and chemistry to identify the sphingolipids produced by Bacteroides fragilis NCTC 9343. We constructed a deletion mutant of BF2461, a putative serine palmitoyltransferase whose yeast homolog catalyzes the committed step in sphingolipid biosynthesis. We show that the Δ2461 mutant is sphingolipid deficient, enabling us to purify and solve the structures of three alkaline-stable lipids present in the wild-type strain but absent from the mutant. The first compound was the known sphingolipid ceramide phosphorylethanolamine, and the second was its corresponding dihydroceramide base. Unexpectedly, the third compound was the glycosphingolipid α-galactosylceramide (α-GalCer(Bf)), which is structurally related to a sponge-derived sphingolipid (α-GalCer, KRN7000) that is the prototypical agonist of CD1d-restricted natural killer T (iNKT) cells. We demonstrate that α-GalCer(Bf) has similar immunological properties to KRN7000: it binds to CD1d and activates both mouse and human iNKT cells both in vitro and in vivo. Thus, our study reveals BF2461 as the first known member of the Bacteroides sphingolipid pathway, and it indicates that the committed steps of the Bacteroides and eukaryotic sphingolipid pathways are identical. Moreover, our data suggest that some Bacteroides sphingolipids might influence host immune homeostasis.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster of A-500359s in Streptomyces griseus SANK60196 Abstract: A-500359s, produced by Streptomyces griseus SANK60196, are inhibitors of bacterial phospho-N-acetylmuramyl-pentapeptide translocase. They are composed of three distinct moieties: a 5'-carbamoyl uridine, an unsaturated hexuronic acid and an aminocaprolactam. Two contiguous cosmids covering a 65-kb region of DNA and encoding 38 open reading frames (ORFs) putatively involved in the biosynthesis of A-500359s were identified. Reverse transcriptase PCR showed that most of the 38 ORFs are highly expressed during A-500359s production, but mutants that do not produce A-500359s did not express these same ORFs. Furthermore, orf21, encoding a putative aminoglycoside 3'-phosphotransferase, was heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli and Streptomyces albus, yielding strains having selective resistance against A-500359B, suggesting that ORF21 phosphorylates the unsaturated hexuronic acid as a mechanism of self-resistance to A-500359s. In total, the data suggest that the cloned region is involved in the resistance, regulation and biosynthesis of A-500359s.	1
Title: Identification of a napsamycin biosynthesis gene cluster by genome mining Abstract: Napsamycins are potent inhibitors of bacterial translocase I, an essential enzyme in peptidoglycan biosynthesis, and are classified as uridylpeptide antibiotics. They comprise an N-methyl diaminobutyric acid, an ureido group, a methionine and two non-proteinogenic aromatic amino acid residues in a peptide backbone that is linked to a 5'-amino-3'-deoxyuridine by an unusual enamide bond. The napsamycin gene cluster was identified in Streptomyces sp. DSM5940 by using PCR probes from a putative uridylpeptide biosynthetic cluster found in S. roseosporus NRRL15998 by genome mining. Annotation revealed 29 hypothetical genes encoding for resistance, regulation and biosynthesis of the napsamycins. Analysis of the gene cluster indicated that the peptide core structure is assembled by a nonlinear non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-like mechanism that involves several discrete single or didomain proteins. Some genes could be assigned, for example, to the synthesis of the N-methyl diaminobutyric acid, to the generation of m-tyrosine and to the reduction of the uracil moiety. The heterologous expression of the gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M1154 resulted in the production of napsamycins and mureidomycins as demonstrated by LC-ESI-MS and MS/MS analysis. The napsamycin gene cluster provides a molecular basis for the detailed study of the biosynthesis of this class of structurally unusual compounds.	1
Title: Identification of mureidomycin analogues and functional analysis of an N-acetyltransferase in napsamycin biosynthesis Abstract: Antibiotic abundance: Several new uridyl peptide antibiotics were identified from a heterologous producer strain containing the mureidomycin/napsamycin biosynthetic gene cluster by using HRMS and LC-ESI-MS/MS. Analysis of the new compounds and the corresponding gene cluster revealed NpsB, an N-acetyltransferase, to be responsible for acetylation of the uridyl peptide antibiotic.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the pacidamycin group of peptidyl nucleoside antibiotics Abstract: Pacidamycins are a family of uridyl tetra/pentapeptide antibiotics that act on the translocase MraY to block bacterial cell wall assembly. To elucidate the biosynthetic logic of pacidamcyins, a putative gene cluster was identified by 454 shotgun genome sequencing of the producer Streptomyces coeruleorubidus NRRL 18370. The 31-kb gene cluster encodes 22 proteins (PacA-V), including highly dissociated nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) modules and a variety of tailoring enzymes. Gene deletions confirmed that two NRPSs, PacP and PacO, are required for the biosynthesis of pacidamycins. Heterologous expression and in vitro assays of PacL, PacO, and PacP established reversible formation of m-Tyr-AMP, l-Ala-AMP, and diaminopropionyl-AMP, respectively, consistent with the amino acids found in pacidamycin scaffolds. The unusual Ala(4)-Phe(5) dipeptidyl ureido linkage was formed during in vitro assays containing purified PacL, PacJ, PacN, and PacO. Both the genetic and enzymatic studies validate identification of the biosynthetic genes for this subclass of uridyl peptide antibiotics and provide the basis for future mechanistic study of their biosynthesis.	1
Title: Characterization of the amicetin biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces vinaceusdrappus NRRL 2363 implicates two alternative strategies for amide bond formation Abstract: Amicetin, an antibacterial and antiviral agent, belongs to a group of disaccharide nucleoside antibiotics featuring an α-(1→4)-glycoside bond in the disaccharide moiety. In this study, the amicetin biosynthesis gene cluster was cloned from Streptomyces vinaceusdrappus NRRL 2363 and localized on a 37-kb contiguous DNA region. Heterologous expression of the amicetin biosynthesis gene cluster in Streptomyces lividans TK64 resulted in the production of amicetin and its analogues, thereby confirming the identity of the ami gene cluster. In silico sequence analysis revealed that 21 genes were putatively involved in amicetin biosynthesis, including 3 for regulation and transportation, 10 for disaccharide biosynthesis, and 8 for the formation of the amicetin skeleton by the linkage of cytosine, p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), and the terminal (+)-α-methylserine moieties. The inactivation of the benzoate coenzyme A (benzoate-CoA) ligase gene amiL and the N-acetyltransferase gene amiF led to two mutants that accumulated the same two compounds, cytosamine and 4-acetamido-3-hydroxybenzoic acid. These data indicated that AmiF functioned as an amide synthethase to link cytosine and PABA. The inactivation of amiR, encoding an acyl-CoA-acyl carrier protein transacylase, resulted in the production of plicacetin and norplicacetin, indicating AmiR to be responsible for attachment of the terminal methylserine moiety to form another amide bond. These findings implicated two alternative strategies for amide bond formation in amicetin biosynthesis.	1
Title: [Cloning, expression and characterization of the nucleotidylyltransferase gene-amiE in amicetin biosynthesis] Abstract: Objective:                       The aim of this study is to clone and express the nucleotidylytransferase encoding gene-amiE from the biosynthetic gene cluster of amicetin, a disaccharide nucleoside antibiotic, and to characterize AmiE in vitro.                  Methods:                       The amiE, encoding a nucleotidylytransferase of 257 amino acid, was PCR amplified and cloned into pET28a, resulting in the plasmid pCSG4001, which was transformed into E. coli BL21(DE3) for expressing N-(His)6-tag AmiE. The recombinant AmiE was purified by affinity chromatography via AKTA Purifier 10 system. The AmiE-catalyzed reactions were performed using TTP (or UTP) and glucose-1-phosphate as substrates. The enzyme assays were analyzed by HPLC; the substrate flexibility of AmiE was probed with three unnatural sugars-1-phosphate, including galactose-1-phosphate, galactosamine-1-phosphate and mannos-1-phosphate.                  Results:                       The N-(His)6-tag AmiE was expressed in E. coli in soluble form and was successfully purified via Ni2+ mediated affinity chromatography; in vitro biochemical experiments showed that AmiE could convert glucose-1-phosphate into TDP-glucose (or UDP-glucose) in the presence of TTP (or UTP). However, galactose-1-phosphate, galactosamine-1-phosphate and mannos-1-phosphate were not substrates of AmiE.                  Conclusion:                       The amiE was successfully cloned and expressed in E. coli, and the purified AmiE was biochemically confirmed to be a nucleotylyltransferase in amicetin biosynthesis pathway.	1
Title: Characterizing amosamine biosynthesis in amicetin reveals AmiG as a reversible retaining glycosyltransferase Abstract: The antibacterial and antiviral agent amicetin is a disaccharide nucleoside antibiotic featuring a unique α-(1→4)-glycoside bond between amosamine and amicetose, characteristic of a retaining glycosylation. In this study, two key steps for amosamine biosynthesis were investigated: the N-methyltransferase AmiH was demonstrated to be requisite for the dimethylation in amosamine, and the glycosyltransferase AmiG was shown to be necessary for amosaminylation. Biochemical and kinetic characterization of AmiG revealed for the first time the catalytic reversibility of a retaining glycosyltransferase involved in secondary metabolite biosynthesis. AmiG displayed substrate flexibility by utilizing five additional sugar nucleotides as surrogate donors. AmiG was also amenable to sugar and aglycon exchange reactions. This study indicates that AmiG is a potential catalyst for diversifying nucleoside antibiotics and paves the way for mechanistic studies of a natural-product retaining glycosyltransferase.	1
Title: An unusual thioesterase promotes isochromanone ring formation in ajudazol biosynthesis Abstract: The ajudazols are antifungal secondary metabolites produced by a hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) multienzyme "assembly line" in the myxobacterium Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5. The most striking structural feature of these compounds is an isochromanone ring system; such an aromatic moiety is only known from two other complex polyketides, the electron transport inhibitor stigmatellin and the polyether lasalocid. The cyclization and aromatization reactions in the stigmatellin pathway are presumed to be catalyzed by a cyclase domain located at the end of the PKS, while the origin of the lasalocid benzenoid ring remains obscure. Notably, the ajudazol biosynthetic machinery does not incorporate a terminal cyclase, but instead a variant thioesterase (TE) domain. Here we present detailed phylogenetic and sequence analysis, coupled with experiments both in vitro and in vivo, that suggest that this TE promotes formation of the isochromanone ring, a novel reaction for this type of domain. As the ajudazol TE has homologues in several other secondary-metabolite pathways, these results are likely to be generalizable.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the first class of potent bacterial acetyl-CoA carboxylase inhibitors with antibacterial activity Abstract: The multisubunit acetyl-CoA carboxylase, which catalyzes the first committed step in fatty acid biosynthesis, is broadly conserved among bacteria. Its rate-limiting role in formation of fatty acids makes this enzyme an attractive target for the design of novel broad-spectrum antibacterials. However, no potent inhibitors have been discovered so far. This report describes the identification and characterization of highly potent bacterial acetyl-CoA carboxylase inhibitors with antibacterial activity for the first time. We demonstrate that pseudopeptide pyrrolidine dione antibiotics such as moiramide B inhibit the Escherichia coli enzyme at nanomolar concentrations. Moiramide B targets the carboxyltransferase reaction of this enzyme with a competitive inhibition pattern versus malonyl-CoA (K(i) value = 5 nm). Inhibition at nanomolar concentrations of the pyrrolidine diones is also demonstrated using recombinantly expressed carboxyltransferases from other bacterial species (Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pneumoniae, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa). We isolated pyrrolidine dione-resistant strains of E. coli, S. aureus, and Bacillus subtilis, which contain mutations within the carboxyltransferase subunits AccA or AccD. We demonstrate that such mutations confer resistance to pyrrolidine diones. Inhibition values (IC(50)) of >100 microm regarding an eukaryotic acetyl-CoA carboxylase from rat liver indicate high selectivity of pyrrolidine diones for the bacterial multisubunit enzyme. The natural product moiramide B and synthetic analogues show broad-spectrum antibacterial activity. The knowledge of the target and the availability of facile assays using carboxyltransferases from different pathogens will enable evaluation of the antibacterial potential of the pyrrolidine diones as a promising antibacterial compound class acting via a novel mode of action.	1
Title: A biosynthetic gene cluster for the acetyl-CoA carboxylase inhibitor andrimid Abstract: Increasing bacterial resistance to antibiotics with conventional targets has focused attention on antibiotics with unconventional targets. One promising candidate, the acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) inhibitor andrimid, is a potent, broad-spectrum antibiotic with high selectivity for prokaryotic ACC. Here, we report the use of a DNA-based approach to clone the andrimid biosynthetic gene cluster from Pantoea agglomerans, yielding a cosmid that confers robust andrimid production on Escherichia coli. This gene cluster encodes a hybrid nonribosomal peptide/polyketide (NRP/PK) synthase with several unusual features, including three enzymes that form and insert beta-phenylalanine, two transglutaminase-like enzymes that likely serve as condensation catalysts, and four densely hybrid modules that form the succinimide precursor. Unlike most type I NRPSs and PKSs, the andrimid gene cluster is a dissociated system comprised of small proteins. Therefore, future efforts can exploit the genetic manipulability of E. coli to engineer the andrimid synthase with the goal of producing a diverse set of andrimid analogues for clinical evaluation.	1
Title: A transglutaminase homologue as a condensation catalyst in antibiotic assembly lines Abstract: The unrelenting emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial pathogens demands the investigation of antibiotics with new modes of action. The pseudopeptide antibiotic andrimid is a nanomolar inhibitor of the bacterial acetyl-CoA carboxylase that catalyses the first committed step in prokaryotic fatty acid biosynthesis. Recently, the andrimid (adm) biosynthetic gene cluster was isolated and heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli. This establishes a heterologous biological host in which to rapidly probe features of andrimid formation and to use biosynthetic engineering to make unnatural variants of this important and promising new class of antibiotics. Bioinformatic analysis of the adm cluster revealed a dissociated biosynthetic assembly system lacking canonical amide synthases between the first three carrier protein domains. Here we report that AdmF, a transglutaminase (TGase) homologue, catalyses the formation of the first amide bond, an N-acyl-beta-peptide link, in andrimid biosynthesis. Hence, AdmF is a newly discovered biosynthetic enzyme that acts as a stand-alone amide synthase between protein-bound, thiotemplated substrates in an antibiotic enzymatic assembly line. TGases (enzyme class (EC) 2.3.2.13) normally catalyse the cross-linking of (poly)peptides by creating isopeptidic bonds between the gamma-carboxamide group of a glutamine side chain of one protein and various amine donors, including lysine side chains. To the best of our knowledge, the present study constitutes the first report of a TGase-like enzyme recruited for the assembly of an antibiotic. Moreover, genome mining using the AdmF sequence yielded additional TGases in unassigned natural product biosynthetic pathways. With many more microbial genomes being sequenced, such a strategy could potentially unearth biosynthetic pathways producing new classes of antibiotics.	1
Title: Gatekeeping versus promiscuity in the early stages of the andrimid biosynthetic assembly line Abstract: The antibiotic andrimid, a nanomolar inhibitor of bacterial acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase, is generated on an unusual polyketide/nonribosomal peptide enzyme assembly line in that all thiolation (T) domains/small-molecule building stations are on separate proteins. In addition, a transglutaminase homologue is used to condense andrimid building blocks together on the andrimid assembly line. The first two modules of the andrimid assembly line yields an octatrienoyl-beta-Phe-thioester tethered to the AdmI T domain, with amide bond formation carried out by a free-standing transglutaminase homologue AdmF. Analysis of the aminomutase AdmH reveals its specific conversion from l-Phe to (S)-beta-Phe, which in turn is activated by AdmJ and ATP to form (S)-beta-Phe-aminoacyl-AMP. AdmJ then transfers the (S)-beta-Phe moiety to one of the free-standing T domains, AdmI, but not AdmA, which instead gets loaded with an octatrienoyl group by other enzymes. AdmF, the amide synthase, will accept a variety of acyl groups in place of the octatrienoyl donor if presented on either AdmA or AdmI. AdmF will also use either stereoisomer of phenylalanine or beta-Phe when presented on AdmA and AdmI, but not when placed on noncognate T domains. Further, we show the polyketide synthase proteins responsible for the polyunsaturated acyl cap can be bypassed in vitro with N-acetylcysteamine as a low-molecular-weight acyl donor to AdmF and also in vivo in an Escherichia coli strain bearing the andrimid biosynthetic gene cluster with a knockout in admA.	1
Title: Andrimid producers encode an acetyl-CoA carboxyltransferase subunit resistant to the action of the antibiotic Abstract: Andrimid is a hybrid nonribosomal peptide-polyketide antibiotic that blocks the carboxyl-transfer reaction of bacterial acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) and thereby inhibits fatty acid biosynthesis with submicromolar potency. The andrimid biosynthetic gene cluster from Pantoea agglomerans encodes an admT gene with homology to the acetyl-CoA carboxyltransferase (CT) beta-subunit gene accD. Escherichia coli cells overexpressing admT showed resistance to andrimid. Co-overproduction of AdmT with E. coli CT alpha-subunit AccA allowed for the in vitro reconstitution of an active heterologous tetrameric CT A(2)T(2) complex. A subsequent andrimid-inhibition assay revealed an IC(50) of 500 nM for this hybrid A(2)T(2) in contrast to that of 12 nM for E. coli CT A(2)D(2). These results validated that AdmT is an AccD homolog that confers resistance in the andrimid producer. Mutagenesis studies guided by the x-ray crystal structure of the E. coli A(2)D(2) complex disclosed a single amino acid mutation of AdmT (L203M) responsible for 5-fold andrimid sensitivity (IC(50) = 100 nM). Complementarily, the E. coli AccD mutant M203L became 5-fold more resistant in the CT assays. This observation allowed for bioinformatic identification of several Vibrio cholerae strains in which accD genes encode the Met<-->Leu switches, and their occurrences correlate predictively with sensitivities to andrimid in vivo.	1
Title: Stereochemistry and mechanism of a microbial phenylalanine aminomutase Abstract: The stereochemistry of a phenylalanine aminomutase (PAM) on the andrimid biosynthetic pathway in Pantoea agglomerans (Pa) is reported. PaPAM is a member of the 4-methylidene-1H-imidazol-5(4H)-one (MIO)-dependent family of catalysts and isomerizes (2S)-α-phenylalanine to (3S)-β-phenylalanine, which is the enantiomer of the product made by the mechanistically similar aminomutase TcPAM from Taxus plants. The NH(2) and pro-(3S) hydrogen groups at C(α) and C(β), respectively, of the substrate are removed and interchanged completely intramolecularly with inversion of configuration at the migration centers to form β-phenylalanine. This is a contrast to the retention of configuration mechanism followed by TcPAM.	1
Title: Diversity of Polyketide Chains Achieved by Deleting the Tailoring Genes in the Biosynthesis of Ansatrienins Abstract: The ast gene cluster (GenBank accession numbers KF813023.1 and KP284551) was characterized to be responsible for the biosynthesis of ansatrienins in Streptomyces sp. XZQH13, which contains astC, astF1, and astF2 genes involved in the assembly of the N-cyclohexanoyl d-alanyl side chain and the hydroxylation of C-19, respectively. Further to investigating the biosynthetic mechanism of ansatrienins, herein we constructed the mutant strains XZQH13OEΔastF2 and XZQH13OEΔastCΔastF2. Three new ansatrienin analogues, namely, ansatrienols I-K (1-3), along with trienomycinol (4) and 3-O-demethyltrienomycinol (5), were isolated from the XZQH13OEΔastCΔastF2 strain, and trienomycin A (6) and trienomycin G (7) were isolated from the XZQH13OEΔastF2 strain. Their structures were determined by a combination of high-resolution MS (ESI) and 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy. Accordingly, a pathway for the biosynthesis of these new ansatrienins was proposed.	1
Title: A single Streptomyces symbiont makes multiple antifungals to support the fungus farming ant Acromyrmex octospinosus Abstract: Attine ants are dependent on a cultivated fungus for food and use antibiotics produced by symbiotic Actinobacteria as weedkillers in their fungus gardens. Actinobacterial species belonging to the genera Pseudonocardia, Streptomyces and Amycolatopsis have been isolated from attine ant nests and shown to confer protection against a range of microfungal weeds. In previous work on the higher attine Acromyrmex octospinosus we isolated a Streptomyces strain that produces candicidin, consistent with another report that attine ants use Streptomyces-produced candicidin in their fungiculture. Here we report the genome analysis of this Streptomyces strain and identify multiple antibiotic biosynthetic pathways. We demonstrate, using gene disruptions and mass spectrometry, that this single strain has the capacity to make candicidin and multiple antimycin compounds. Although antimycins have been known for >60 years we report the sequence of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the first time. Crucially, disrupting the candicidin and antimycin gene clusters in the same strain had no effect on bioactivity against a co-evolved nest pathogen called Escovopsis that has been identified in ∼30% of attine ant nests. Since the Streptomyces strain has strong bioactivity against Escovopsis we conclude that it must make additional antifungal(s) to inhibit Escovopsis. However, candicidin and antimycins likely offer protection against other microfungal weeds that infect the attine fungal gardens. Thus, we propose that the selection of this biosynthetically prolific strain from the natural environment provides A. octospinosus with broad spectrum activity against Escovopsis and other microfungal weeds.	1
Title: Biosynthetic pathway for high structural diversity of a common dilactone core in antimycin production Abstract: We herein report comparative analysis of two versions of the biosynthetic gene clusters of antimycins, a natural product family possessing up to 44 distinct entities. The biosynthetic pathway of antimycins is amenable to the high structural variation of the substrates, supported by successes in heterologous expression of the ant cluster and in fluorine incorporation. The latter facilitated the investigation of the structure-activity relationship into the usually invariable 3-formamidosalicylic acid moiety of the molecules.	1
Title: Enzymatic synthesis of dilactone scaffold of antimycins Abstract: Antimycins are a family of natural products possessing outstanding biological activities and unique structures, which have intrigued chemists for over a half century. The antimycin structural skeleton is built on a nine-membered dilactone ring containing one alkyl, one acyloxy, two methyl moieties, and an amide linkage connecting to a 3-formamidosalicylic acid. Although a biosynthetic gene cluster for antimycins was recently identified, the enzymatic logic that governs the synthesis of antimycins has not yet been revealed. In this work, the biosynthetic pathway for antimycins was dissected by both genetic and enzymatic studies for the first time. A minimum set of enzymes needed for generation of the antimycin dilactone scaffold were identified, featuring a hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-polyketide synthase (PKS) assembly line containing both cis- and trans-acting components. Several antimycin analogues were further produced using in vitro enzymatic total synthesis based on the substrate promiscuity of this NRPS-PKS machinery.	1
Title: Characterization of AntB, a promiscuous acyltransferase involved in antimycin biosynthesis Abstract: The in vivo and in vitro characterization of AntB, a dedicated acyltransferase encoded in the antimycin biosynthetic gene cluster, which catalyzes the C-8 acyloxy formation is reported. It is demonstrated that AntB has broad substrate specificity toward both the acyl substrate and the acyl carrier and produces more antimycin analogues with varying C-8 acyloxy moieties.	1
Title: Multiplexing of combinatorial chemistry in antimycin biosynthesis: expansion of molecular diversity and utility Abstract: Diversity-oriented biosynthesis of a library of antimycin-like compounds (380 altogether) was accomplished by using multiplex combinatorial biosynthesis. The core strategy depends on the use of combinatorial chemistry at different biosynthetic stages. This approach is applicable for the diversification of polyketides, nonribosomal peptides, and the hybrids that share a similar biosynthetic logic.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of antimycins with a reconstituted 3-formamidosalicylate pharmacophore in Escherichia coli Abstract: Antimycins are a family of natural products generated from a hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-polyketide synthase (PKS) assembly line. Although they possess an array of useful biological activities, their structural complexity makes chemical synthesis challenging, and their biosynthesis has thus far been dependent on slow-growing source organisms. Here, we reconstituted the biosynthesis of antimycins in Escherichia coli, a versatile host that is robust and easy to manipulate genetically. Along with Streptomyces genetic studies, the heterologous expression of different combinations of ant genes enabled us to systematically confirm the functions of the modification enzymes, AntHIJKL and AntO, in the biosynthesis of the 3-formamidosalicylate pharmacophore of antimycins. Our E. coli-based antimycin production system can not only be used to engineer the increased production of these bioactive compounds, but it also paves the way for the facile generation of novel and diverse antimycin analogues through combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: The regulation and biosynthesis of antimycins Abstract: Antimycins (>40 members) were discovered nearly 65 years ago but the discovery of the gene cluster encoding antimycin biosynthesis in 2011 has facilitated rapid progress in understanding the unusual biosynthetic pathway. Antimycin A is widely used as a piscicide in the catfish farming industry and also has potent killing activity against insects, nematodes and fungi. The mode of action of antimycins is to inhibit cytochrome c reductase in the electron transport chain and halt respiration. However, more recently, antimycin A has attracted attention as a potent and selective inhibitor of the mitochondrial anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL. Remarkably, this inhibition is independent of the main mode of action of antimycins such that an artificial derivative named 2-methoxyantimycin A inhibits Bcl-xL but does not inhibit respiration. The Bcl-2/Bcl-xL family of proteins are over-produced in cancer cells that are resistant to apoptosis-inducing chemotherapy agents, so antimycins have great potential as anticancer drugs used in combination with existing chemotherapeutics. Here we review what is known about antimycins, the regulation of the ant gene cluster and the unusual biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of PKS-NRPS hybrid metabolites from Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: In the postgenomic era it has become increasingly apparent that the vast number of predicted biosynthesis genes of microorganisms is not reflected by the metabolic profile observed under standard fermentation conditions. In the absence of a particular (in most cases unknown) trigger these gene loci remain silent. Because these cryptic gene clusters may code for the biosynthesis of important virulence factors, toxins, or even drug candidates, new strategies for their activation are urgently needed to make use of this largely untapped reservoir of potentially bioactive compounds. The discovery of new microbial metabolites through genome mining has proven to be a very promising approach. Even so, the investigation of silent gene clusters is still a substantial challenge, particularly in fungi. Here we report a new strategy for the successful induction of a silent metabolic pathway in the important model organism Aspergillus nidulans, which led to the discovery of novel PKS-NRPS hybrid metabolites.	1
Title: Analysis of intact and dissected fungal polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase in vitro and in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: The widely found fungal iterative PKS-NRPS hybrid megasynthetases are highly programmed biosynthetic machines involved in the synthesis of 3-acyltetramic acids and related natural products. In vitro analysis of iterative PKS-NRPS has been hampered by the difficulties associated with obtaining pure and functional forms of these large enzymes (>400 kDa). We successfully expressed Aspergillus nidulans aspyridone synthetase (ApdA) from an engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain. The complete functions of ApdA and its enoylreductase partner ApdC are reconstituted in vitro and in S. cerevisiae with the production of preaspyridone 7. The programming rules of both the PKS and NRPS modules were then examined in vitro. The key interaction between the PKS and the NRPS was dissected and reconstituted in trans by using stand-alone modules. Analogs of 7 were synthesized through heterologous combinations of PKS and NRPS modules from different sources. Our results represent one of the largest, multidomain enzyme reconstituted to date and offer new opportunities for engineered biosynthesis of fungal natural products.	1
Title: Methylation-dependent acyl transfer between polyketide synthase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase modules in fungal natural product biosynthesis Abstract: Biochemical studies of purified and dissected fungal polyketide synthase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) hybrid enzymes involved in biosynthesis of pseurotin and aspyridone indicate that one α-methylation step during polyketide synthesis is a prerequisite and a key checkpoint for chain transfer between PKS and NRPS modules. In the absence of the resulting γ-methyl feature, the completed polyketide intermediate is offloaded as an α-pyrone instead of being aminoacylated by the NRPS domain. These examples illustrate that precisely timed tailoring domain activities play critical roles in the overall programming of the iterative PKS (and NRPS) functions.	1
Title: Characterization of the azinomycin B biosynthetic gene cluster revealing a different iterative type I polyketide synthase for naphthoate biosynthesis Abstract: Azinomycin B is a complex natural product containing densely assembled functionalities with potent antitumor activity. Cloning and sequence analysis of the azi gene cluster revealed an iterative type I polyketide synthase (PKS) gene, five nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) genes and numerous genes encoding the biosynthesis of unusual building blocks and tailoring steps for azinomycin B production. Characterization of AziB as a 5-methyl-naphthoic acid (NPA) synthase showed a distinct selective reduction pattern in aromatic polyketide biosynthesis governed by bacterial iterative type I PKSs. Heterologous expression established the PKS-post modification route from 5-methyl-NPA to reach the first building block 3-methoxy-5-methyl-NPA. This proposed azinomycin B biosynthetic pathway sets the stage to investigate the enzymatic mechanisms for building structurally unique and pharmaceutically important groups, including the unprecedented azabicyclic ring system and highly active epoxide moiety.	1
Title: Sources of diversity in bactobolin biosynthesis by Burkholderia thailandensis E264 Abstract: A series of deletion mutants in the recently identified bactobolin biosynthetic pathway defined the roles of several key biosynthetic enzymes and showed how promiscuity in three enzyme systems allows this cluster to produce multiple products. Studies on the deletion mutants also led to four new bactobolin analogs that provide additional structure-activity relationships for this interesting antibiotic family.	1
Title: The barbamide biosynthetic gene cluster: a novel marine cyanobacterial system of mixed polyketide synthase (PKS)-non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) origin involving an unusual trichloroleucyl starter unit Abstract: Barbamide was extracted from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula strain 19L as a chlorinated lipopeptide for its potent molluscicidal activity. Precursor incorporation studies indicated that it is derived from acetate, L-phenylalanine, L-leucine and L-cysteine. The gene cluster responsible for biosynthesis of barbamide (bar) was cloned and characterized in this study. DNA sequence analysis of cosmid pLM49 revealed a cluster of 12 open reading frames (barA-barK) extending 26 kb including the expected polyketide synthase and non-ribosomal peptide synthetase modules and tailoring genes. The genetic architecture and domain organization of the bar cluster supports the assignment based on the apparent co-linearity of the systems. The activity assay of adenylation domains of barD (A(D)), barE (A(E)) and barG (A(G2) for module 2) in an amino acid-dependent ATP-pyrophosphate exchange experiment supports the conclusion that barbamide is synthesized from acetate, L-phenylalanine, L-cysteine and L-leucine with trichloroleucine as a direct precursor by a mixed polyketide synthase/non-ribosomal polypeptide synthetase. Assembly of barbamide includes unique biochemical mechanisms for chlorination, one-carbon truncation during chain elongation, E-double bond formation and thiazole ring formation.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a type II peptidyl carrier protein from the bleomycin producer Streptomyces verticillus ATCC 15003 Abstract: Background:                       Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) catalyze the assembly of a structurally diverse group of peptides by the multiple-carrier thiotemplate mechanism. All NRPSs known to date are exclusively type I modular enzymes that consist of domains, such as adenylation (A), peptidyl carrier protein (PCP) and condensation (C) domains, for individual enzyme activities. Although several A and PCP domains have been demonstrated to function independently, aminoacylation in trans has been successful only between PCPs and their cognate A domains.                  Results:                       We have identified within the bleomycin-biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 the blmI gene that encodes a discrete PCP protein. We overexpressed the blmI gene in Escherichia coli, purified the BlmI protein, and demonstrated that apo-BlmI can be efficiently modified into holo-BlmI either in vivo or in vitro by PCP-specific 4'-phosphopantetheine transferases (PPTases). Unlike the PCP domains in type I NRPSs, BlmI lacks its cognate A domain and can be aminoacylated by Val-A, an A domain from a completely unrelated type I NRPS.                  Conclusions:                       BlmI represents the first characterized type II PCP. The BlmI type II PCP, like the PCP domains of type I NRPSs, can be 4'-phospho-pantetheinylated by PCP-specific PPTases but is biochemically distinct in that it can be aminoacylated by an A domain from a completely unrelated type I NRPS. Our results provide for the first time the genetic and biochemical evidence to support the existence of a type II NRPS, which might be useful in the combinatorial manipulation of NRPS proteins to generate novel peptides.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the antitumor drug bleomycin from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 supporting functional interactions between nonribosomal peptide synthetases and a polyketide synthase Abstract: Background:                       The structural and catalytic similarities between modular nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and polyketide synthases (PKSs) inspired us to search for a hybrid NRPS-PKS system. The antitumor drug bleomycin (BLM) is a natural hybrid peptide-polyketide metabolite, the biosynthesis of which provides an excellent opportunity to investigate intermodular communication between NRPS and PKS modules. Here, we report the cloning, sequencing, and characterization of the BLM biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003.                  Results:                       A set of 30 genes clustered with the previously characterized blmAB resistance genes were defined by sequencing a 85-kb contiguous region of DNA from S. verticillus ATCC15003. The sequenced gene cluster consists of 10 NRPS genes encoding nine NRPS modules, a PKS gene encoding one PKS module, five sugar biosynthesis genes, as well as genes encoding other biosynthesis, resistance, and regulatory proteins. The substrate specificities of individual NRPS and PKS modules were predicted based on sequence analysis, and the amino acid specificities of two NRPS modules were confirmed biochemically in vitro. The involvement of the cloned genes in BLM biosynthesis was demonstrated by bioconversion of the BLM aglycones into BLMs in Streptomyces lividans expressing a part of the gene cluster.                  Conclusion:                       The blm gene cluster is characterized by a hybrid NRPS-PKS system, supporting the wisdom of combining individual NRPS and PKS modules for combinatorial biosynthesis. The availability of the blm gene cluster has set the stage for engineering novel BLM analogs by genetic manipulation of genes governing BLM biosynthesis and for investigating the molecular basis for intermodular communication between NRPS and PKS in the biosynthesis of hybrid peptide-polyketide metabolites.	1
Title: An oxidation domain in the BlmIII non-ribosomal peptide synthetase probably catalyzing thiazole formation in the biosynthesis of the anti-tumor drug bleomycin in Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 Abstract: We have previously proposed that the BlmIV and BlmIII non-ribosomal peptide synthetases are involved in the formation of the bithiazole moiety of the anti-tumor drug bleomycin in Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003. We report here the identification and characterization of an oxidation domain in BlmIII. The oxidation domain shows local homology to a family of oxidoreductases and is present in all thiazole-forming non-ribosomal peptide synthetase modules known to date. Both the blmIII-Ox domain and blmIII gene were expressed in Escherichia coli, and the resulting BlmIII-Ox and BlmIII proteins were purified to homogeneity. The oxidation domain contains one molar equivalent of non-covalently bound FMN as a prosthetic group. These results provide experimental evidence for an oxidation domain within non-ribosomal peptide synthetases, suggesting that BlmIII-Ox probably catalyzes the thiazoline to thiazole oxidation in bleomycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a phosphopantetheinyl transferase from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003, the producer of the hybrid peptide-polyketide antitumor drug bleomycin Abstract: Background:                       Phosphopantetheinyl transferases (PPTases) catalyze the posttranslational modification of carrier proteins by the covalent attachment of the 4'-phosphopantetheine (P-pant) moiety of coenzyme A to a conserved serine residue, a reaction absolutely required for the biosynthesis of natural products including fatty acids, polyketides, and nonribosomal peptides. PPTases have been classified according to their carrier protein specificity. In organisms containing multiple P-pant-requiring pathways, each pathway has been suggested to have its own PPTase activity. However, sequence analysis of the bleomycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 failed to reveal an associated PPTase gene.                  Results:                       A general approach for cloning PPTase genes by PCR was developed and applied to the cloning of the svp gene from S. verticillus. The svp gene is mapped to an independent locus not clustered with any of the known NRPS or PKS clusters. The Svp protein was overproduced in Escherichia coli, purified to homogeneity, and shown to be a monomer in solution. Svp is a PPTase capable of modifying both type I and type II acyl carrier proteins (ACPs) and peptidyl carrier proteins (PCPs) from either S. verticillus or other Streptomyces species. As compared to Sfp, the only 'promiscuous' PPTase known previously, Svp displays a similar catalytic efficiency (k(cat)/K(m)) for the BlmI PCP but a 346-fold increase in catalytic efficiency for the TcmM ACP.                  Conclusions:                       PPTases have recently been re-classified on a structural basis into two subfamilies: ACPS-type and Sfp-type. The development of a PCR method for cloning Sfp-type PPTases from actinomycetes, the recognition of the Sfp-type PPTases to be associated with secondary metabolism with a relaxed carrier protein specificity, and the availability of Svp, in addition to Sfp, should facilitate future endeavors in engineered biosynthesis of peptide, polyketide, and, in particular, hybrid peptide-polyketide natural products.	1
Title: BlmIII and BlmIV nonribosomal peptide synthetase-catalyzed biosynthesis of the bleomycin bithiazole moiety involving both in cis and in trans aminoacylation Abstract: Cloning and sequence analysis of the bleomycin (BLM) biosynthetic gene cluster predicted that the two nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), BlmIV and BlmIII, are responsible for the biosynthesis of the BLM bithiazole moiety. BlmIV is a seven domain (C(2)-A(2)-PCP(2)-Cy(1)-A(1)-PCP(1)-Cy(0)) NRPS, and BlmIII is a three domain (A(0)-PCP(0)-Ox) NRPS. The three domains of Cy(1)-A(1)-PCP(1) residing on the BlmIV subunit, the four domains of Cy(0) residing on the BlmIV subunit, and A(0)-PCP(0)-Ox residing on the BlmIII subunit constitute the two thiazole-forming NRPS-1 and NRPS-0 modules, respectively. BlmIII-A(0) was predicted to be nonfunctional, raising the question of how the NRPS-0 module activates and loads the Cys substrate to its cognate BlmIII-PCP(0). The NRPS-0 module consists of domains residing on two different subunits, requiring precise protein-protein interaction. Here, we report the production of the BlmIV and BlmIII NRPSs as an excised domain(s), module, or intact subunit form and biochemical characterizations of the resultant enzymes in vitro for their roles in BLM bithiazole biosynthesis. Our results (a) confirm that BlmIII-A(0) is a naturally occurring nonfunctional mutant, (b) demonstrate that BlmIV-A(1) activates Cys and catalyzes both in cis aminoacylation of BlmIV-PCP(1) (for NRPS-1) and in trans aminoacylation of BlmIII-PCP(0) (for NRPS-0), and (c) reveal that the C-terminus of the BlmIV subunit, characterized by the unprecedented AGHDDD(G) and PGHDDG repeats, is absolutely required for in trans aminoacylation of BlmIII-PCP(0). These findings underscore the flexibility and versatility of NRPSs in both structure and mechanism for natural product biosynthesis and provide an outstanding opportunity to study the molecular recognition and protein-protein interaction mechanism in NRPS assembly line enzymology.	1
Title: Oxidase domains in epothilone and bleomycin biosynthesis: thiazoline to thiazole oxidation during chain elongation Abstract: The natural products epothilone and bleomycin are assembled by hybrid polyketide/nonribosomal peptide synthetases. Of note in these assembly lines is the conversion of internal cysteine residues into thiazolines and their subsequent oxidation to heteroaromatic thiazole rings. We have excised the EpoB oxidase domain, EpoB-Ox, proposed to be responsible for thiazoline to thiazole oxidation in epothilone biosynthesis, and expressed it in soluble form in Escherichia coli. The purified domain is an FMN-containing flavoprotein that demonstrates thiazoline to thiazole oxidase activity when incubated with thioester substrate mimics. Kinetic parameters were determined for both thiazoline and oxazoline substrates, with k(cat) values ranging between 48.8 and 0.55 min(-1). While the physiological electron acceptor is not yet known, molecular oxygen is needed in these in vitro assays to mediate reoxidation of reduced FMN. Additionally, the oxidase domain-containing BlmIII from the bleomycin assembly line was heterologously expressed and purified. BlmIII is also an FMN-containing protein with activity similar to EpoB-Ox. This work marks the first direct characterization of nonribosomal peptide synthetase oxidase domain activity and will lead to further exploration of these flavoproteins.	1
Title: In vivo manipulation of the bleomycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 revealing new insights into its biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Bleomycin (BLM), an important clinically used antitumor compound, and its analogs are challenging to prepare by chemical synthesis. Genetic engineering of the biosynthetic pathway in the producer strain would provide an efficient and convenient method of generating new derivatives of this complex molecule in vivo. However, the BLM producing Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 has been refractory to all means of introducing plasmid DNA into its cells for nearly two decades. Several years after cloning and identification of the bleomycin biosynthetic gene cluster, this study demonstrates, for the first time, genetic accessibility of this pharmaceutically relevant producer strain by intergeneric Escherichia coli-Streptomyces conjugation. Gene replacement and in-frame deletion mutants were created by lambdaRED-mediated PCR targeting mutagenesis, and the secondary metabolite profile of the resultant mutants confirmed the identity of the BLM biosynthetic gene cluster and established its boundaries. Ultimately, the in-frame blmD deletion mutant strain S. verticillus SB5 resulted in the production of a bleomycin intermediate. The structure of this compound, decarbamoyl-BLM, was elucidated, and its DNA cleavage activity was compared with the parent compounds.	1
Title: Comparative analysis of the biosynthetic gene clusters and pathways for three structurally related antitumor antibiotics: bleomycin, tallysomycin, and zorbamycin Abstract: The biosynthetic gene clusters for the glycopeptide antitumor antibiotics bleomycin (BLM), tallysomycin (TLM), and zorbamycin (ZBM) have been recently cloned and characterized from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003, Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC31158, and Streptomyces flavoviridis ATCC21892, respectively. The striking similarities and differences among the biosynthetic gene clusters for the three structurally related glycopeptide antitumor antibiotics prompted us to compare and contrast their respective biosynthetic pathways and to investigate various enzymatic elements. The presence of different numbers of isolated nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) domains in all three clusters does not result in major structural differences of the respective compounds. The seemingly identical domain organization of the NRPS modules responsible for heterocycle formation, on the other hand, is contrasted by the biosynthesis of two different structural entities, bithiazole and thiazolinyl-thiazole, for BLM/TLM and ZBM, respectively. Variations in sugar biosynthesis apparently dictate the glycosylation patterns distinct for each of the BLM, TLM, and ZBM glycopeptide scaffolds. These observations demonstrate nature's ingenuity and flexibility in achieving structural differences and similarities via various mechanisms and will surely inspire combinatorial biosynthesis efforts to expand on natural product structural diversity.	1
Title: Acyldepsipeptide HDAC inhibitor production induced in Burkholderia thailandensis Abstract: Natural product gene clusters are often tightly regulated, resulting in gene cluster silencing in laboratory fermentation studies. The systematic overexpression of transcription factors (TFs) associated with biosynthetic gene clusters found in the genome of Burkholderia thailandensis E264 identified a set of TFs that, when overexpressed, alter the secondary metabolome of this bacterium. The isolation and characterization of burkholdacs A and B, two new acyldepsitripeptide histone deacetylase inhibitors produced by B. thailandensis overexpressing the TF bhcM, is reported.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 Abstract: C-1027 is a potent antitumor agent with a previously undescribed molecular architecture and mode of action. Cloning and characterization of the 85-kilobase C-1027 biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces globisporus revealed (i) an iterative type I polyketide synthase that is distinct from any bacterial polyketide synthases known to date, (ii) a general polyketide pathway for the biosynthesis of both the 9- and 10-membered enediyne antibiotics, and (iii) a convergent biosynthetic strategy for the C-1027 chromophore from four building blocks. Manipulation of genes governing C-1027 biosynthesis allowed us to produce an enediyne compound in a predicted manner.	1
Title: Genes for production of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 in Streptomyces globisporus are clustered with the cagA gene that encodes the C-1027 apoprotein Abstract: C-1027, the most potent member of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic family, is produced by Streptomyces globisporus C-1027 and consists of an apoprotein (encoded by the cagA gene) and a nonpeptidic chromophore. The C-1027 chromophore could be viewed as being derived biosynthetically from a benzoxazolinate, a deoxyamino hexose, a beta-amino acid, and an enediyne core. By adopting a strategy for cloning of the C-1027 biosynthesis gene cluster by mapping a putative dNDP-glucose 4,6-dehydratase (NGDH) gene to cagA, we have localized 75 kb of contiguous DNA from S. globisporus. DNA sequence analysis of two regions of the cloned gene cluster revealed two genes, sgcA and sgcB, that encode an NGDH enzyme and a transmembrane efflux protein, respectively, and confirmed that the cagA gene resides approximately 14 kb upstream of the sgcAB locus. The involvement of the cloned gene cluster in C-1027 biosynthesis was demonstrated by disrupting the sgcA gene to generate C-1027-nonproducing mutants and by complementing the sgcA mutants in vivo to restore C-1027 production. These results represent the first cloning of a gene cluster for enediyne antitumor antibiotic biosynthesis and provide a starting point for future genetic and biochemical investigations of C-1027 biosynthesis.	1
Title: A novel 4-methylideneimidazole-5-one-containing tyrosine aminomutase in enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 biosynthesis Abstract: The C-1027 enediyne antibiotic contains an unusual 3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety that is thought to be derived from tyrosine by an aminomutase reaction. However, none of the genes identified within the C-1027 gene cluster encode proteins with strong homology to known aminomutases. The sgcC4 gene encodes a protein with strong homology to dehydroalanine-dependent histidine/phenylalanine ammonia lyases. The sgcC4 gene was expressed in E. coli, and overproduced SgcC4 was purified as a His6-tagged fusion protein. Biochemical characterization of the purified SgcC4 establishes that SgcC4 is an aminomutase that catalyzes the conversion of l-tyrosine to (S)-beta-tyrosine and employs 4-methylideneimidazole-5-one (MIO) at its active site. The latter was supported by borohydride and cyanide inhibition studies and confirmed by site-directed mutagenesis. The S153A mutant exhibited a 340-fold decrease in kcat/KM. SgcC4 represents a novel type of aminomutase, extending the known MIO chemistry from ammonia lyases into aminomutases.	1
Title: Kinetic analysis of the 4-methylideneimidazole-5-one-containing tyrosine aminomutase in enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 biosynthesis Abstract: The enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 contains an unusual (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety, which requires an aminomutase for its biosynthesis. Previously, we established that SgcC4 is an aminomutase that catalyzes the conversion of L-tyrosine to (S)-beta-tyrosine and employs 4-methylideneimidazole-5-one (MIO) at its active site [Christenson, S. D., Liu, W., Toney, M. D., and Shen, B. (2003) J. Am. Chem. Soc. 125, 6062-6063]. Here, we present a thorough analysis of the properties of SgcC4. L-Tyrosine is the best substrate among those tested and most likely serves as the in vivo precursor for the (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety. The presence of MIO in the active site is supported by several lines of evidence. (1) Addition of ATP or divalent metal ions has no effect on its aminomutase activity. (2) SgcC4 has optimal activity at pH approximately 8.8, similar to the pH optima of MIO-dependent ammonia lyases. (3) SgcC4 is strongly inhibited by sodium borohydride and potassium cyanide, but preincubation with L-tyrosine or 4-hydroxycinnamate largely prevents this inhibition. (4) The difference spectrum between SgcC4 and its S153A mutant shows a positive peak at approximately 310 nm, indicative of MIO. (5) The S153A mutation lowers k(cat)/K(M) 640-fold. The SgcC4-catalyzed conversion of L-tyrosine to (S)-beta-tyrosine proceeds via 4-hydroxycinnamate as an intermediate. The latter also acts as a competitive inhibitor with respect to L-tyrosine and serves as an alternative substrate for the production of beta-tyrosine in the presence of an amino source. A full time course for the SgcC4-catalyzed interconversion between L-tyrosine, beta-tyrosine, and 4-hydroxycinnamate was measured and analyzed to provide estimates for the rate constants in a minimal mechanism. SgcC4 also exhibits a beta-tyrosine racemase activity, but alpha-tyrosine racemase activity was not detected.	1
Title: Biochemical characterization of the SgcA1 alpha-D-glucopyranosyl-1-phosphate thymidylyltransferase from the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 biosynthetic pathway and overexpression of sgcA1 in Streptomyces globisporus to improve C-1027 production Abstract: Sequence analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 from Streptomyces globisporus has previously suggested that the sgcA1 gene encodes a alpha-d-glucopyranosyl-1-phosphate thymidylyltransferase (Glc-1-P-TT) catalyzing the first step in the biosynthesis of the 4-deoxy-4-(dimethylamino)-5,5-dimethyl-d-ribopyranose moiety by activating alpha-d-glucopyranosyl-1-phosphate (Glc-1-P) into deoxythymidine diphosphate-alpha-d-glucose (dTDP-Glc). Here we report the overexpression of sgcA1 in E. coli, purification of the overproduced SgcA1 to homogenetity, biochemical and kinetic characterization of the purified SgcA1 as a Glc-1-P-TT, and yield improvement for C-1027 production by overexpression of sgcA1 and its flanking gene in S. globisporus. These findings provide biochemical evidence supporting the genetics-based hypothesis for C-1027 biosynthesis, set the stage for further investigation of the deoxysugar biosynthetic pathway, and demonstrate the utility of sugar biosynthesis genes in natural product yield improvement via combinatorial biosynthesis methods. In contrast to the homotetrameric quaternary structure known for Glc-1-P-TT enzymes from primary metabolic pathways, Glc-1-P-TT enzymes such as SgcA1 from secondary metabolic pathways are monomeric in solution. Sequence differences between the two subclasses of Glc-1-P-TT enzymes were noted. The monomeric structural feature of the latter enzymes could be exploited in engineering Glc-1-P-TT enzymes with broad substrate specificity for structural diversity via the glycorandomization strategy.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the beta-amino acid moiety of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 featuring beta-amino acyl-S-carrier protein intermediates Abstract: The enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 chromoprotein is produced by Streptomyces globisporus. The biosynthesis of the (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety (boxed) of the C-1027 chromophore (1) from l-tyrosine (3) and its incorporation into 1 are catalyzed by six enzymes: SgcC, SgcC1, SgcC2, SgcC3, SgcC4, ShcC5. In vivo and in vitro characterization of these enzymes delineated this pathway, unveiling a novel strategy for beta-amino acid modification featuring beta-amino acyl-S-carrier protein intermediates. These findings shed new light into beta-amino acid biosynthesis and present a new opportunity to engineer the C-1027 biosynthetic machinery for the production of novel analogues as exemplified by 20-deschloro-C-1027 (4), 20-deschro-22-deshydroxy-C-1027 (5), and 22-deshydroxy-C-1027 (6).	1
Title: Substrate specificity of the adenylation enzyme SgcC1 involved in the biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 Abstract: C-1027 is an enediyne antitumor antibiotic composed of a chromophore with four distinct chemical moieties, including an (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety that is derived from l-alpha-tyrosine. SgcC4, a novel aminomutase requiring no added co-factor that catalyzes the formation of the first intermediate (S)-beta-tyrosine and subsequently SgcC1 homologous to adenylation domains of nonribosomal peptide synthetases, was identified as specific for the SgcC4 product and did not recognize any alpha-amino acids. To definitively establish the substrate for SgcC1, a full kinetic characterization of the enzyme was performed using amino acid-dependent ATP-[(32)P]PP(i) exchange assay to monitor amino acid activation and electrospray ionization-Fourier transform mass spectroscopy to follow the loading of the activated beta-amino acid substrate to the peptidyl carrier protein SgcC2. The data establish (S)-beta-tyrosine as the preferred substrate, although SgcC1 shows promiscuous activity toward aromatic beta-amino acids such as beta-phenylalanine, 3-chloro-beta-tyrosine, and 3-hydroxy-beta-tyrosine, but all were <50-fold efficient. A putative active site mutant P571A adjacent to the invariant aspartic acid residue of all alpha-amino acid-specific adenylation domains known to date was prepared as a preliminary attempt to probe the substrate specificity of SgcC1; however the mutation resulted in a loss of activity with all substrates except (S)-beta-tyrosine, which was 142-fold less efficient relative to the wild-type enzyme. In total, SgcC1 is now confirmed to catalyze the second step in the biosynthesis of the (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety of C-1027, presenting downstream enzymes with an (S)-beta-tyrosyl-S-SgcC2 thioester substrate, and represents the first beta-amino acid-specific adenylation enzyme characterized biochemically.	1
Title: The structure of L-tyrosine 2,3-aminomutase from the C-1027 enediyne antitumor antibiotic biosynthetic pathway Abstract: The SgcC4 l-tyrosine 2,3-aminomutase (SgTAM) catalyzes the formation of (S)-beta-tyrosine in the biosynthetic pathway of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027. SgTAM is homologous to the histidine ammonia lyase family of enzymes whose activity is dependent on the methylideneimidazole-5-one (MIO) cofactor. Unlike the lyase enzymes, SgTAM catalyzes additional chemical transformations resulting in an overall stereospecific 1,2-amino shift in the substrate l-tyrosine to generate (S)-beta-tyrosine. Previously, we provided kinetic, spectroscopic, and mutagenesis data supporting the presence of MIO in the active site of SgTAM [Christenson, S. D.; Wu, W.; Spies, A.; Shen, B.; and Toney, M. D. (2003) Biochemistry 42, 12708-12718]. Here we report the first X-ray crystal structure of an MIO-containing aminomutase, SgTAM, and confirm the structural homology of SgTAM to ammonia lyases. Comparison of the structure of SgTAM to the l-tyrosine ammonia lyase from Rhodobacter sphaeroides provides insight into the structural basis for aminomutase activity. The results show that SgTAM has a closed active site well suited to retain ammonia and minimize the formation of lyase elimination products. The amino acid determinants for substrate recognition and catalysis can be predicted from the structure, setting the framework for detailed mechanistic investigations.	1
Title: Regiospecific chlorination of (S)-beta-tyrosyl-S-carrier protein catalyzed by SgcC3 in the biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 Abstract: C-1027 is a potent antitumor antibiotic composed of an apo-protein and a reactive enediyne chromophore. The chromophore consists of four different chemical subunits including an (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety, the biosynthesis of which from l-alpha-tyrosine is catalyzed by six proteins, SgcC, SgcC1, SgcC2, SgcC3, SgcC4, and SgcC5. Biochemical characterization of SgcC3 unveiled the following: (i) SgcC3 is a flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD)-dependent halogenase; (ii) SgcC3 acts only on the SgcC2 peptidyl carrier protein-tethered substrates; (iii) SgcC3-catalyzed halogenation requires O2 and reduced FAD and either the C-1027 pathway-specific flavin reductase SgcE6 or E. coli flavin reductase (Fre) can support the SgcC3 activity; (iv) SgcC3 also efficiently catalyzes bromination but not fluorination or iodination; (v) SgcC3 can utilize both (S)- and (R)-beta-tyrosyl-S-SgcC2 but not 3-hydroxy-beta-tyrosyl-S-SgcC2 as a substrate. These results establish that SgcC3 catalyzes the third enzymatic transformation during the biosynthesis of the (S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydroxy-beta-phenylalanine moiety of C-1027 from l-alpha-tyrosine. SgcC3 now represents the second biochemically characterized flavin-dependent halogenase that acts on a carrier protein-tethered substrate. These findings will facilitate the engineering of new C-1027 analogs by combinatorial biosynthesis methods.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 involves a new branching point in chorismate metabolism Abstract: C-1027 is an enediyne antitumor antibiotic composed of four distinct moieties: an enediyne core, a deoxy aminosugar, a beta-amino acid, and a benzoxazolinate moiety. We now show that the benzoxazolinate moiety is derived from chorismate by the sequential action of two enzymes-SgcD, a 2-amino-2-deoxyisochorismate (ADIC) synthase and SgcG, an iron-sulfur, FMN-dependent ADIC dehydrogenase-to generate 3-enolpyruvoylanthranilate (OPA), a new intermediate in chorismate metabolism. The functional elucidation and catalytic properties of each enzyme are described, including spectroscopic characterization of the products and the development of a fluorescence-based assay for kinetic analysis. SgcD joins isochorismate (IC) synthase and 4-amino-4-deoxychorismate (ADC) synthase as anthranilate synthase component I (ASI) homologues that are devoid of pyruvate lyase activity inherent in ASI; yet, in contrast to IC and ADC synthase, SgcD has retained the ability to aminate chorismate identically to that observed for ASI. The net conversion of chorismate to OPA by the tandem action of SgcD and SgcG unambiguously establishes a new branching point in chorismate metabolism.	1
Title: Characterization of the two-component, FAD-dependent monooxygenase SgcC that requires carrier protein-tethered substrates for the biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 Abstract: C-1027 is a potent antitumor antibiotic composed of an apoprotein (CagA) and a reactive enediyne chromophore. The chromophore has four distinct chemical moieties, including an ( S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosine moiety, the biosynthesis of which from l-alpha-tyrosine requires five proteins: SgcC, SgcC1, SgcC2, SgcC3, and SgcC4; a sixth protein, SgcC5, catalyzes the incorporation of this beta-amino acid moiety into C-1027. Biochemical characterization of SgcC has now revealed that (i) SgcC is a two-component, flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD)-dependent monooxygenase, (ii) SgcC is only active with SgcC2 (peptidyl carrier protein)-tethered substrates, (iii) SgcC-catalyzed hydroxylation requires O 2 and FADH 2, the latter supplied by the C-1027 pathway-specific flavin reductase SgcE6 or Escherichia coli flavin reductase Fre, and (iv) SgcC efficiently catalyzes regioselective hydroxylation of 3-substituted beta-tyrosyl-S-SgcC2 analogues, including the chloro-, bromo-, iodo-, fluoro-, and methyl-substituted analogues, but does not accept 3-hydroxy-beta-tyrosyl-S-SgcC2 as a substrate. Together with the in vitro data for SgcC4, SgcC1, and SgcC3, the results establish that SgcC catalyzes the hydroxylation of ( S)-3-chloro-beta-tyrosyl-S-SgcC2 as the final step in the biosynthesis of the ( S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosine moiety prior to incorporation into C-1027. SgcC now represents the first biochemically characterized two-component, FAD-dependent monooxygenase that acts on a carrier-protein-tethered aromatic substrate.	1
Title: A free-standing condensation enzyme catalyzing ester bond formation in C-1027 biosynthesis Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) catalyze the biosynthesis of many biologically active peptides and typically are modular, with each extension module minimally consisting of a condensation, an adenylation, and a peptidyl carrier protein domain responsible for incorporation of an amino acid into the growing peptide chain. C-1027 is a chromoprotein antitumor antibiotic whose enediyne chromophore consists of an enediyne core, a deoxy aminosugar, a benzoxazolinate, and a beta-amino acid moiety. Bioinformatics analysis suggested that the activation and incorporation of the beta-amino acid moiety into C-1027 follows an NRPS mechanism whereby biosynthetic intermediates are tethered to the peptidyl carrier protein SgcC2. Here, we report the biochemical characterization of SgcC5, an NRPS condensation enzyme that catalyzes ester bond formation between the SgcC2-tethered (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosine and (R)-1-phenyl-1,2-ethanediol, a mimic of the enediyne core. SgcC5 uses (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosyl-SgcC2 as the donor substrate and exhibits regiospecificity for the C-2 hydroxyl group of the enediyne core mimic as the acceptor substrate. Remarkably, SgcC5 is also capable of catalyzing amide bond formation, albeit with significantly reduced efficiency, between (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosyl-(S)-SgcC2 and (R)-2-amino-1-phenyl-1-ethanol, an alternative enediyne core mimic bearing an amine at its C-2 position. Thus, SgcC5 is capable of catalyzing both ester and amide bond formation, providing an evolutionary link between amide- and ester-forming condensation enzymes.	1
Title: Characterization of SgcE6, the flavin reductase component supporting FAD-dependent halogenation and hydroxylation in the biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 Abstract: The C-1027 enediyne antitumor antibiotic from Streptomyces globisporus possesses an (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosine moiety, the chloro- and hydroxy-substituents of which are installed by a flavin-dependent halogenase SgcC3 and monooxygenase SgcC, respectively. Interestingly, a single flavin reductase, SgcE6, can provide reduced flavin to both enzymes. Bioinformatics analysis reveals that, similar to other flavin reductases involved in natural product biosynthesis, SgcE6 belongs to the HpaC-like subfamily of the Class I flavin reductases. The present study describes the steady-state kinetic characterization of SgcE6 as a strictly NADH- and FAD-specific enzyme.	1
Title: Characterization of the SgcF epoxide hydrolase supporting an (R)-vicinal diol intermediate for enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 biosynthesis Abstract: C-1027 is a chromoprotein antitumor antibiotic consisting of an apoprotein and the C-1027 chromophore. The C-1027 chromophore possesses four distinct structural moieties-an enediyne core, a deoxy aminosugar, a benzoxazolinate, and an (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-beta-tyrosine-the latter two of which are proposed to be appended to the enediyne core via a convergent biosynthetic strategy. Here we report the in vitro characterization of SgcF, an epoxide hydrolase from the C-1027 biosynthetic gene cluster that catalyzes regio- and stereospecific hydrolysis of styrene oxide, serving as an enediyne core epoxide intermediate mimic, to form a vicinal diol. Abolishment of C-1027 production in the DeltasgcF mutant strain Streptomyces globisporus SB1010 unambiguously establishes that sgcF plays an indispensable role in C-1027 biosynthesis. SgcF efficiently hydrolyzes (S)-styrene oxide, displaying an apparent K(m) of 0.6 +/- 0.1 mM and k(cat) of 48 +/- 1 min(-1), via attack at the alpha-position to exclusively generate the (R)-phenyl vicinal diol, consistent with the stereochemistry of the C-1027 chromophore. These findings support the role of SgcF in the proposed convergent pathway for C-1027 biosynthesis, unveiling an (R)-vicinal diol as a key intermediate. Interestingly, SgcF can also hydrolyze (R)-styrene oxide to afford preferentially the (R)-phenyl vicinal diol via attack at the beta-position, albeit with significantly reduced efficiency (apparent K(m) of 2.0 +/- 0.4 mM and k(cat) = 4.3 +/- 0.3 min(-1)). Although the latter activity unlikely contributes to C-1027 biosynthesis in vivo, such enantioconvergence arising from complementary regioselective hydrolysis of a racemic substrate could be exploited to engineer epoxide hydrolases with improved regio- and/or enantiospecificity.	1
Title: Manipulation of pathway regulation in Streptomyces globisporus for overproduction of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 Abstract: Manipulation of pathway regulation is an efficient strategy to increase specific secondary metabolite production. In this study, we successfully improved the production of both the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 and a heptaene, an early metabolite of the C-1027 pathway, by manipulating the three regulatory genes, sgcR1, sgcR2 and sgcR3, within the C-1027 biosynthetic gene cluster. SgcR3 has previously been established as an activator, and we now propose that SgcR1 and SgcR2 are also positive regulators based on their upregulation effects on titer and/or timing of heptaene and C-1027 production in Streptomyces globisporus. Specifically, overexpression of sgcR1 significantly improved the production of heptaene (about fivefold) and C-1027 (two- to threefold) compared with the wild-type strain. However, the titers of heptaene and C-1027 were not increased by overexpressing all the three activators together, underscoring the complexity of C-1027 biosynthetic pathway regulation. The possibility of exploiting the heptaene as a readily identifiable and unique indicator for rapidly detecting enediyne production was also assessed.	1
Title: Improvement of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 production by manipulating its biosynthetic pathway regulation in Streptomyces globisporus Abstract: The production of C-1027 in Streptomyces globisporus was previously increased 2- to 3-fold by manipulating three pathway-specific activators, SgcR1, SgcR2, and SgcR3. In this study, we have further characterized two putative C-1027 regulatory genes, sgcE1 and sgcR, by in vivo inactivation. The HxlR family DNA-binding protein SgcE1 was not essential for C-1027 biosynthesis, since inactivation of sgcE1 showed no effect on C-1027 production. In contrast, the proposed repressive role of the sgcR gene was confirmed by a 3-fold increase in C-1027 production in the ΔsgcR mutant S. globisporus SB1022 strain relative to the wild-type strain. Considering SgcR shows no significant similarity to any protein of known function, it may be representative of a new family of regulatory proteins. Finally, overexpression of the previously characterized activator sgcR1 in S. globisporus SB1022 increased the C-1027 yield to 37.5 ± 7.7 mg/L, which is about 7-fold higher than the wild-type strain.	1
Title: Specificity of the ester bond forming condensation enzyme SgcC5 in C-1027 biosynthesis Abstract: The SgcC5 condensation enzyme catalyzes the attachment of SgcC2-tethered (S)-3-chloro-5-hydroxy-β-tyrosine (2) to the enediyne core in C-1027 (1) biosynthesis. It is reported that SgcC5 (i) exhibits high stereospecificity toward the (S)-enantiomers of SgcC2-tethered β-tyrosine and analogues as donors, (ii) prefers the (R)-enantiomers of 1-phenyl-1,2-ethanediol (3) and analogues, mimicking the enediyne core, as acceptors, and (iii) can recognize a variety of donor and acceptor substrates to catalyze their regio- and stereospecific ester bond formations.	1
Title: Identification of caerulomycin A gene cluster implicates a tailoring amidohydrolase Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for caerulomycin A (1) was cloned and characterized from the marine actinomycete Actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus WH1-2216-6, which revealed an unusual hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) system. The crmL disruption mutant accumulated caerulomycin L (2) with an extended L-leucine at C-7, implicating an amidohydrolase activity for CrmL. The leucine-removing activity was confirmed for crude CrmL enzymes. Heterologous expression of the 1 gene cluster led to 1 production in Streptomyces coelicolor.	1
Title: Calyculin biogenesis from a pyrophosphate protoxin produced by a sponge symbiont Abstract: The Japanese marine sponge Discodermia calyx contains a major cytotoxic compound, calyculin A, which exhibits selective inhibition of protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. It has long been used as a chemical tool to evaluate intracellular signal transduction regulated by reversible protein phosphorylation. We describe the identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster of calyculin A by a metagenome mining approach. Single-cell analysis revealed that the gene cluster originates in the symbiont bacterium 'Candidatus Entotheonella' sp. A phosphotransferase encoded in the gene cluster deactivated calyculin A to produce a newly discovered diphosphate, which was actually the biosynthetic end product. The diphosphate had been previously overlooked because of the enzymatic dephosphorylation that occurred in response to sponge tissue disruption. Our work presents what is to our knowledge the first evidence for the biosynthetic process of calyculin A along with a notable phosphorylation-dephosphorylation mechanism to regulate toxicity, suggesting activated chemical defense in the most primitive of all multicellular animals.	1
Title: Molecular and biochemical studies of chondramide formation-highly cytotoxic natural products from Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5 Abstract: The jaspamide/chondramide family of depsipeptides are mixed PKS/NRPS natural products isolated from marine sponges and a terrestrial myxobacterium that potently affect the function of the actin cytoskeleton. As a first step to improve production in heterologous host cells and permit genetic approaches to novel analogs, we have cloned and characterized the chondramide biosynthetic genes from the myxobacterium Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5. In addition to the expected PKS and NRPS genes, the cluster encodes a rare tyrosine aminomutase for beta-tyrosine formation and a previously unknown tryptophan-2-halogenase. Conditions for gene transfer into C. crocatus Cm c5 were developed, and inactivation of several genes corroborated their proposed function and served to define the boundaries of the cluster. Biochemical characterization of the final NRPS adenylation domain confirmed the direct activation of beta-tyrosine, and fluorinated chondramides were produced through precursor-directed biosynthesis.	1
Title: Unusual chemistry in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic chondrochlorens Abstract: The antibiotic chondrochlorens A and B from the myxobacterium Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5 incorporate several unusual structural features, notable among them a shared chloro-hydroxy-styryl functionality and the ethoxy group of chondrochloren B. Our analysis of the chondrochloren gene cluster by targeted gene inactivation coupled with assays in vitro has shed significant light on the biosynthesis of these metabolites. Chlorination of tyrosine occurs early in the pathway, likely on a peptidyl carrier protein-bound intermediate, whereas decarboxylation to the styryl moiety appears to be accomplished by an unprecedented oxidative decarboxylase. We also show that the chondrochloren B ethoxy group arises from initial incorporation by the polyketide synthase of hydroxy malonate as an extender unit, methylation in cis by an O-methyltransferase, followed by a second methylation. This report therefore constitutes a direct demonstration of the involvement of a radical S-adenosylmethionine methylase in bacterial secondary metabolism.	1
Title: Mining the cinnabaramide biosynthetic pathway to generate novel proteasome inhibitors Abstract: The cinnabaramides and salinosporamides are mixed PKS/NRPS natural products isolated from a terrestrial streptomycete and a marine actinomycete, respectively. They interfere with the proteasome and thus potentially inhibit the growth of cancer cells. The compounds exhibit a γ-lactam-β-lactone bicyclic ring structure attached to a cyclohexenyl unit and a PKS side chain. As a first step towards improving anticancer activity and permitting genetic approaches to novel analogues, we have cloned and characterized the cinnabaramide biosynthetic genes from Streptomyces sp. JS360. In addition to the expected PKS and NRPS genes, the cluster encodes functionalities for the assembly of the hexyl side chain precursor. The corresponding enzymes exhibit relaxed substrate specificities towards a number of synthesized precursors, enabling production of novel chlorinated cinnabaramides. These were isolated and analyzed for activity, revealing that derivatives bearing a chlorine atom in the PKS side chain show higher inhibitory potentials towards the proteasome's proteolytic subunits (especially the trypsin and chymotrypsin units) and higher cytotoxicities towards human tumor cell lines than the parent cinnabaramide A. Although their activities towards the proteasome were weaker than that of salinosporamide A, the cinnabaramides were found to inhibit the growth of various fungi with greater potency.	1
Title: Escherichia coli induces DNA double-strand breaks in eukaryotic cells Abstract: Transient infection of eukaryotic cells with commensal and extraintestinal pathogenic Escherichia coli of phylogenetic group B2 blocks mitosis and induces megalocytosis. This trait is linked to a widely spread genomic island that encodes giant modular nonribosomal peptide and polyketide synthases. Contact with E. coli expressing this gene cluster causes DNA double-strand breaks and activation of the DNA damage checkpoint pathway, leading to cell cycle arrest and eventually to cell death. Discovery of hybrid peptide-polyketide genotoxins in E. coli will change our view on pathogenesis and commensalism and open new biotechnological applications.	1
Title: Expression analysis of the colibactin gene cluster coding for a novel polyketide in Escherichia coli Abstract: The recently described hybrid nonribosomal peptide-polyketide colibactin, found in various Escherichia coli strains, invokes a cytopathic effect in HeLa cells upon cocultivation with these bacteria. However, not much is known so far about the transcriptional organization of the colibactin genes (clb) or the regulation of their transcription. Here, the operon structure of the colibactin gene cluster of E. coli strain Nissle 1917 was investigated by means of reverse transcriptase (RT)-PCR and seven transcripts were found of which four are transcribed polycistronically. The polycistrons comprise the genes clbC to clbG, clbI to clbN, clbO to clbP, and clbR to clbA and span 6.3, 23.3, 3.9, and 0.9 kb, respectively. Furthermore, transcript levels for different cultivation conditions were determined by RT-PCR of the whole cluster as well as by luciferase reporter gene assays of the genes clbA, clbB, clbQ, and clbR. RT-PCR revealed an overall increased transcription in shaking cultures as well as of the genes clbA to clbH in general. Luciferase reporter gene fusions indicated an influence of the carbon source on clb gene expression.	1
Title: A prodrug resistance mechanism is involved in colibactin biosynthesis and cytotoxicity Abstract: Commensal Escherichia coli residing in the human gut produce colibactin, a small-molecule genotoxin of unknown structure that has been implicated in the development of colon cancer. Colibactin biosynthesis is hypothesized to involve a prodrug resistance strategy that entails initiation of biosynthesis via construction of an N-terminal prodrug scaffold and late-stage cleavage of this structural motif during product export. Here we describe the biochemical characterization of the prodrug synthesis, elongation, and cleavage enzymes from the colibactin biosynthetic pathway. We show that nonribosomal peptide synthetases ClbN and ClbB assemble and process an N-acyl-D-asparagine prodrug scaffold that serves as a substrate for the periplasmic D-amino peptidase ClbP. In addition to affording information about structural features of colibactin, this work reveals the biosynthetic logic underlying the prodrug resistance strategy and suggests that cytotoxicity requires amide bond cleavage.	1
Title: In vivo evidence for a prodrug activation mechanism during colibactin maturation Abstract: Releasing the cytopath: We have identified an N-myristoyl-D-asparagine (1) as the free N-terminal prodrug scaffold in cytopathogenic Escherichia coli strains expressing the colibactin gene cluster. Colibactin is released in vivo upon cleavage of precolibactin. We provide for the first time in vivo evidence of the prodrug-like release mechanism of colibactin.	1
Title: Comparative metabolomics and structural characterizations illuminate colibactin pathway-dependent small molecules Abstract: The gene cluster responsible for synthesis of the unknown molecule "colibactin" has been identified in mutualistic and pathogenic Escherichia coli. The pathway endows its producer with a long-term persistence phenotype in the human bowel, a probiotic activity used in the treatment of ulcerative colitis, and a carcinogenic activity under host inflammatory conditions. To date, functional small molecules from this pathway have not been reported. Here we implemented a comparative metabolomics and targeted structural network analyses approach to identify a catalog of small molecules dependent on the colibactin pathway from the meningitis isolate E. coli IHE3034 and the probiotic E. coli Nissle 1917. The structures of 10 pathway-dependent small molecules are proposed based on structural characterizations and network relationships. The network will provide a roadmap for the structural and functional elucidation of a variety of other small molecules encoded by the pathway. From the characterized small molecule set, in vitro bacterial growth inhibitory and mammalian CNS receptor antagonist activities are presented.	1
Title: Elucidating the biosynthetic pathway for the polyketide-nonribosomal peptide collismycin A: mechanism for formation of the 2,2'-bipyridyl ring Abstract: The gene cluster for the bipyridyl compound collismycin was characterized from Streptomyces sp. CS40. Sequence analysis of a 46.7 kb DNA region revealed 27 open reading frames, 23 of which are involved in collismycin biosynthesis. Eight insertional inactivation mutants were generated in the sequenced region to prove its involvement in collismycin biosynthesis, define the boundaries of the cluster, functionally characterize some genes, and isolate two biosynthetic intermediates. A model for collismycin biosynthesis--which includes the conversion of lysine into picolinic acid, participation of a polyketide synthase-non-ribosomal peptide synthetase system, and some further modifications--is proposed. The biosynthetic pathway would include an unusual NRPS-mediated incorporation of a cysteine residue, possibly through a Michael addition and followed by the extension of the peptide chain by leucine incorporation and later removal by amidohydrolase.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of crocacin involves an unusual hydrolytic release domain showing similarity to condensation domains Abstract: The crocacins are potent antifungal and cytotoxic natural compounds from myxobacteria of the genus Chondromyces. Although total synthesis approaches have been reported, the molecular and biochemical basis guiding the formation of the linear crocacin scaffold has remained unknown. Along with the identification and functional analysis of the crocacin biosynthetic gene cluster from Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5, we here present the identification and biochemical characterization of an unusual chain termination domain homologous to condensation domains responsible for hydrolytic release of the product from the assembly line. In particular, gene inactivation studies and in vitro experiments using the heterologously produced domain CroK-C2 confirm this surprising role giving rise to the linear carboxylic acid. Additionally, we determined the kinetic parameters of CroK-C2 by monitoring hydrolytic cleavage of the substrate mimic N-acetylcysteaminyl-crocacin B using an innovative high-performance liquid chromatography mass spectrometry-based assay.	1
Title: Biosynthetic characterization and chemoenzymatic assembly of the cryptophycins. Potent anticancer agents from cyanobionts Abstract: The lichen cyanobacterial symbiont Nostoc sp. ATCC 53789 and its close relative Nostoc sp. GSV 224 are prolific producers of natural products, generating >25 derivatives of the cryptophycin class of secondary metabolites. Cryptophycin 1, the prototypic member of the class, is a potent tubulin-depolymerizing agent, and several semisynthetic derivatives are being developed as anticancer therapeutics. Here we provide a detailed characterization of the cryptophycin metabolic pathway by stable-isotope labeling experiments and through cloning, sequencing, and annotating the cryptophycin biosynthetic gene cluster. A comparative secondary metabolomic analysis based on polyketide (PK)/non-ribosomal peptide gene clusters from the phylogenetically related, non-cryptophycin producing cycad symbiont, Nostoc punctiforme ATCC 29133, was used to identify the cryptophycin biosynthetic genes that encompass approximately 40 kb within the lichen symbiont Nostoc sp. ATCC 53789 genome. The pathway encodes a collinear set of enzymes, including three modular PK synthases, two non-ribosomal peptide synthetase modules, and an integrated adenylation/ketoreductase didomain for elaboration of the leucic acid subunit. In addition, genes encoding key tailoring steps, including a FAD-dependent halogenase and CYP450 epoxidase, were identified. The inherent flexibility of the cryptophycin biosynthetic enzymes was harnessed to generate a suite of new analogues by altering the pool of PK starter units and selected amino acid extender groups. Characterization of the cryptophycin CYP450 enabled development of the first stereospecific synthesis of cryptophycin 2, through a tandem chemoenzymatic synthesis from the natural seco-cryptophycin 4 chain elongation intermediate.	1
Title: Biosynthetic pathway and gene cluster analysis of curacin A, an antitubulin natural product from the tropical marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula Abstract: Curacin A (1) is a potent cancer cell toxin obtained from strains of the tropical marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula found in Curaçao. Its structure is unique in that it contains the sequential positioning of a thiazoline and cyclopropyl ring, and it exerts its potent cell toxicity through interaction with the colchicine drug binding site on microtubules. A series of stable isotope-labeled precursors were fed to cultures of curacin A-producing strains and, following NMR analysis, allowed determination of the metabolic origin of all atoms in the natural product (one cysteine, 10 acetate units, two S-adenosyl methionine-derived methyl groups) as well as several unique mechanistic insights. Moreover, these incorporation experiments facilitated an effective gene cloning strategy that allowed identification and sequencing of the approximately 64 kb putative curacin A gene cluster. The metabolic system is comprised of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and multiple polyketide synthases (PKSs) and shows a very high level of collinearity between genes in the cluster and the predicted biochemical steps required for curacin biosynthesis. Unique features of the cluster include (1) all but one of the PKSs are monomodular multifunctional proteins, (2) a unique gene cassette that contains an HMG-CoA synthase likely responsible for formation of the cyclopropyl ring, and (3) a terminating motif that is predicted to function in both product release and terminal dehydrative decarboxylation.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of radiolabeled curacin A and its rapid and apparently irreversible binding to the colchicine site of tubulin Abstract: Curacin A is a potent competitive inhibitor of colchicine binding to tubulin, and it inhibits the growth of tumor cells. We prepared [(14)C]curacin A biosynthetically to investigate its interaction with tubulin. Binding was rapid, even at 0 degrees C, with a minimum k(f) of 4.4 x 10(3) M(-1) s(-1). We were unable to demonstrate any dissociation of the [(14)C]curacin A from tubulin. Consistent with these observations, the K(a) value was so high that an accurate determination by Scatchard analysis was not possible. The [(14)C]curacin A was released from tubulin following urea treatment, indicating that covalent bond formation does not occur. We concluded that curacin A binds more tightly to tubulin than does colchicine. Besides high-affinity binding to the colchicine site, we observed significant superstoichiometric amounts of the [(14)C]curacin A bound to tubulin, and Scatchard analysis confirmed the presence of two binding sites of relatively low affinity with a K(a) of 3.2 x 10(-5) M(-1).	1
Title: Characterization of the interaction of the marine cyanobacterial natural product curacin A with the colchicine site of tubulin and initial structure-activity studies with analogues Abstract: Curacin A, the major lipid constituent of a strain of the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula obtained off the coast of Curaçao, is a potent antimitotic agent that we have previously shown to inhibit microtubule assembly and colchicine binding to tubulin. In the present study, we report that curacin A probably binds in the colchicine site because it competitively inhibits the binding of [3H]colchicine to tubulin with an apparent Ki value of 0.6 microM and stimulates tubulin-dependent GTP hydrolysis, as do most other colchicine-site agents. The binding of curacin A to tubulin resembled the binding reactions of combretastatin A-4 and podophyllotoxin in contrast to that of colchicine in that it occurred as extensively on ice as at higher temperatures. However, once bound, the dissociation rate of curacin A from tubulin is very slow, more closely resembling that observed with colchicinoids (thiocolchicine was the drug examined) than the faster dissociation that occurs with combretastatin A-4 and podophyllotoxin. Because the molecular structure of curacin A is so different from that of previously described colchicine-site drugs (e.g., there is no aromatic moiety, and there are only two conjugated double bonds in its linear hydrocarbon chain), we have been examining the activities of natural isomers and synthetic derivatives. So far, only modest enhancement or reduction of activity has been observed with a variety of structural changes.	1
Title: Metabolic coupling of dehydration and decarboxylation in the curacin A pathway: functional identification of a mechanistically diverse enzyme pair Abstract: This study describes the functional identification of a pair of mechanistically diverse enzymes that catalyze the successive dehydration (CurE ECH1) and decarboxylation (CurF ECH2) of (S)-HMG-ACP to generate a 3-methylcrotonyl-ACP intermediate, the presumed precursor of the cyclopropyl ring in curacin A. The reactions catalyzed by ECH1 and ECH2 are found in a broad cross-section of microbial natural product gene clusters and participate in the introduction of carbon chain branch points and functional group diversity as key steps in the HMG-CoA synthase mediated addition of C-2 from acetate to the beta-carbonyl group of polyketide chains.	1
Title: Terminal alkene formation by the thioesterase of curacin A biosynthesis: structure of a decarboxylating thioesterase Abstract: Curacin A is a polyketide synthase (PKS)-non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-derived natural product with potent anticancer properties generated by the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula. Type I modular PKS assembly lines typically employ a thioesterase (TE) domain to off-load carboxylic acid or macrolactone products from an adjacent acyl carrier protein (ACP) domain. In a striking departure from this scheme the curacin A PKS employs tandem sulfotransferase and TE domains to form a terminal alkene moiety. Sulfotransferase sulfonation of β-hydroxy-acyl-ACP is followed by TE hydrolysis, decarboxylation, and sulfate elimination (Gu, L., Wang, B., Kulkarni, A., Gehret, J. J., Lloyd, K. R., Gerwick, L., Gerwick, W. H., Wipf, P., Håkansson, K., Smith, J. L., and Sherman, D. H. (2009) J. Am. Chem. Soc. 131, 16033-16035). With low sequence identity to other PKS TEs (<15%), the curacin TE represents a new thioesterase subfamily. The 1.7-Å curacin TE crystal structure reveals how the familiar α/β-hydrolase architecture is adapted to specificity for β-sulfated substrates. A Ser-His-Glu catalytic triad is centered in an open active site cleft between the core domain and a lid subdomain. Unlike TEs from other PKSs, the lid is fixed in an open conformation on one side by dimer contacts of a protruding helix and on the other side by an arginine anchor from the lid into the core. Adjacent to the catalytic triad, another arginine residue is positioned to recognize the substrate β-sulfate group. The essential features of the curacin TE are conserved in sequences of five other putative bacterial ACP-ST-TE tridomains. Formation of a sulfate leaving group as a biosynthetic strategy to facilitate acyl chain decarboxylation is of potential value as a route to hydrocarbon biofuels.	1
Title: Characterization of molecular interactions between ACP and halogenase domains in the Curacin A polyketide synthase Abstract: Polyketide synthases (PKSs) and non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) are large multidomain proteins present in microorganisms that produce bioactive compounds. Curacin A is such a bioactive compound with potent anti-proliferative activity. During its biosynthesis the growing substrate is bound covalently to an acyl carrier protein (ACP) that is able to access catalytic sites of neighboring domains for chain elongation and modification. While ACP domains usually occur as monomers, the curacin A cluster codes for a triplet ACP (ACP(I)-ACP(II)-ACP(III)) within the CurA PKS module. We have determined the structure of the isolated holo-ACP(I) and show that the ACPs are independent of each other within this tridomain system. In addition, we have determined the structure of the 3-hydroxyl-3-methylglutaryl-loaded holo-ACP(I), which is the substrate for the unique halogenase (Hal) domain embedded within the CurA module. We have identified the interaction surface of both proteins using mutagenesis and MALDI-based identification of product formation. Amino acids affecting product formation are located on helices II and III of ACP(I) and form a contiguous surface. Since the CurA Hal accepts substrate only when presented by one of the ACPs within the ACP(I)-ACP(II)-ACP(III) tridomain, our data provide insight into the specificity of the chlorination reaction.	1
Title: Structural basis of functional group activation by sulfotransferases in complex metabolic pathways Abstract: Sulfated molecules with diverse functions are common in biology, but sulfonation as a method to activate a metabolite for chemical catalysis is rare. Catalytic activity was characterized and crystal structures were determined for two such "activating" sulfotransferases (STs) that sulfonate β-hydroxyacyl thioester substrates. The CurM polyketide synthase (PKS) ST domain from the curacin A biosynthetic pathway of Moorea producens and the olefin synthase (OLS) ST from a hydrocarbon-producing system of Synechococcus PCC 7002 both occur as a unique acyl carrier protein (ACP), ST, and thioesterase (TE) tridomain within a larger polypeptide. During pathway termination, these cyanobacterial systems introduce a terminal double bond into the β-hydroxyacyl-ACP-linked substrate by the combined action of the ST and TE. Under in vitro conditions, CurM PKS ST and OLS ST acted on β-hydroxy fatty acyl-ACP substrates; however, OLS ST was not reactive toward analogues of the natural PKS ST substrate bearing a C5-methoxy substituent. The crystal structures of CurM ST and OLS ST revealed that they are members of a distinct protein family relative to other prokaryotic and eukaryotic sulfotransferases. A common binding site for the sulfonate donor 3'-phosphoadenosine-5'-phosphosulfate was visualized in complexes with the product 3'-phosphoadenosine-5'-phosphate. Critical functions for several conserved amino acids in the active site were confirmed by site-directed mutagenesis, including a proposed glutamate catalytic base. A dynamic active-site flap unique to the "activating" ST family affects substrate selectivity and product formation, based on the activities of chimeras of the PKS and OLS STs with exchanged active-site flaps.	1
Title: Genetic safeguard against mycotoxin cyclopiazonic acid production in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: Aspergillus oryzae is a fungus widely used in traditional Japanese fermentation industries. Its inability to produce mycotoxins, due to mutation or transcriptional repression of the genes responsible for their biosynthesis, is consistent with the hypothesis that A. oryzae is a domesticated species derived from A. flavus, a wild species that is a well-known producer of aflatoxin. In contrast, the cyclopiazonic acid (CPA) biosynthetic gene (cpa) cluster in A. oryzae contains genes that have been lost in A. flavus. Through targeted gene inactivation, isolation of the corresponding metabolite, and evaluation of biological activity of the metabolite, we demonstrated that an A. oryzae-specific gene-cpaH-mediates the conversion of CPA into the less toxic 2-oxocyclopiazonic acid, a new analogue of CPA. The detoxifying properties of cpaH, which have been lost in the A. flavus pathway, reflect the relationship of the two species.	1
Title: Characterization of the gene cluster responsible for cylindrospermopsin biosynthesis Abstract: Toxic cyanobacterial blooms cause economic losses and pose significant public health threats on a global scale. Characterization of the gene cluster for the biosynthesis of the cyanobacterial toxin cylindrospermopsin (cyr) in Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii AWT205 is described, and the complete biosynthetic pathway is proposed. The cyr gene cluster spans 43 kb and is comprised of 15 open reading frames containing genes required for the biosynthesis, regulation, and export of the toxin. Biosynthesis is initiated via an amidinotransfer onto glycine followed by five polyketide extensions and subsequent reductions, and rings are formed via Michael additions in a stepwise manner. The uracil ring is formed by a novel pyrimidine biosynthesis mechanism and tailoring reactions, including sulfation and hydroxylation that complete biosynthesis. These findings enable the design of toxic strain-specific probes and allow the future study of the regulation and biological role of cylindrospermopsin.	1
Title: The cylindrospermopsin gene cluster of Aphanizomenon sp. strain 10E6: organization and recombination Abstract: Cylindrospermopsin (CYN), a potent hepatoxin, occurs in freshwaters worldwide. Several cyanobacterial species produce the toxin, but the producing species vary between geographical regions. Aphanizomenon flos-aquae, a common algae species in temperate fresh and brackish waters, is one of the three well-documented CYN producers in European waters. So far, no genetic information on the CYN genes of this species has been available. Here, we describe the complete CYN gene cluster, including flanking regions from the German Aphanizomenon sp. strain 10E6 using a full genome sequencing approach by 454 pyrosequencing and bioinformatic identification of the gene cluster. In addition, we have sequenced a approximately 7 kb fragment covering the genes cyrC (partially), cyrA and cyrB (partially) of the same gene cluster in the CYN-producing Aphanizomenon sp. strains 10E9 and 22D11. Comparisons with the orthologous gene clusters of the Australian Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii strains AWT205 and CS505 and the partial gene cluster of the Israeli Aphanizomenon ovalisporum strain ILC-146 revealed a high gene sequence similarity, but also extensive rearrangements of gene order. The high sequence similarity (generally higher than that of 16S rRNA gene fragments from the same strains), atypical GC-content and signs of transposase activities support the suggestion that the CYN genes have been horizontally transferred.	1
Title: Construction of a bacterial artificial chromosome library for a myxobacterium of the genus Cystobacter and characterization of an antibiotic biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: A bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) library was constructed to isolate the biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyketide/peptide hybrid-type antibiotic cystothiazole A from the myxobacterium Cystobacter fuscus strain AJ-13278. Sequence analysis of a 63.9 kb contiguous region that encompasses the biosynthetic gene cluster (cta) led to the identification of a polyketide synthase (PKS)/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) hybrid gene cluster 32.1 kb in size, which consists of six open reading frames (ORFs), ctaB to ctaG, as well as downstream genes ctaJ and ctaK (1.0 and 0.9 kb, respectively) responsible for the final biosynthetic steps. The genes ctaB, ctaE, and ctaF encode PKSs, the genes ctaC and ctaG encode NRPSs, and ctaD encodes an NRPS-PKS hybrid enzyme. Disruption of ctaD impaired cystothiazole A production. Additionally, two downstream genes, ctaJ and ctaK, which encode a nitrilase and an O-methyltransferase, respectively, must be responsible for the final methyl ester formation in the cystothiazole A biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification and engineering of the cytochalasin gene cluster from Aspergillus clavatus NRRL 1 Abstract: Cytochalasins are a group of fungal secondary metabolites with diverse structures and bioactivities, including cytochalasin E produced by Aspergillus clavatus, which is a potent anti-angiogenic agent. Here, we report the identification and characterization of the cytochalasin gene cluster from A. clavatus NRRL 1. As a producer of cytochalasin E and K, the genome of A. clavatus was analyzed and the ∼30 kb ccs gene cluster was identified based on the presence of a polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetases (PKS-NRPS) and a putative Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase (BVMO). Deletion of the central PKS-NRPS gene, ccsA, abolished the production of cytochalasin E and K, confirming the association between the natural products and the gene cluster. Based on bioinformatic analysis, a putative biosynthetic pathway is proposed. Furthermore, overexpression of the pathway specific regulator ccsR elevated the titer of cytochalasin E from 25mg/L to 175 mg/L. Our results not only shed light on the biosynthesis of cytochalasins, but also provided genetic tools for increasing and engineering the production.	1
Title: Bacterial biosynthesis and maturation of the didemnin anti-cancer agents Abstract: The anti-neoplastic agent didemnin B from the Caribbean tunicate Trididemnum solidum was the first marine drug to be clinically tested in humans. Because of its limited supply and its complex cyclic depsipeptide structure, considerable challenges were encountered during didemnin B's development that continue to limit aplidine (dehydrodidemnin B), which is currently being evaluated in numerous clinical trials. Herein we show that the didemnins are bacterial products produced by the marine α-proteobacteria Tistrella mobilis and Tistrella bauzanensis via a unique post-assembly line maturation process. Complete genome sequence analysis of the 6,513,401 bp T. mobilis strain KA081020-065 with its five circular replicons revealed the putative didemnin biosynthetic gene cluster (did) on the 1,126,962 bp megaplasmid pTM3. The did locus encodes a 13-module hybrid non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase enzyme complex organized in a collinear arrangement for the synthesis of the fatty acylglutamine ester derivatives didemnins X and Y rather than didemnin B as first anticipated. Imaging mass spectrometry of T. mobilis bacterial colonies captured the time-dependent extracellular conversion of the didemnin X and Y precursors to didemnin B, in support of an unusual post-synthetase activation mechanism. Significantly, the discovery of the didemnin biosynthetic gene cluster may provide a long-term solution to the supply problem that presently hinders this group of marine natural products and pave the way for the genetic engineering of new didemnin congeners.	1
Title: DKxanthene biosynthesis--understanding the basis for diversity-oriented synthesis in myxobacterial secondary metabolism Abstract: The DKxanthenes are a family of yellow pigments which play a critical role in myxobacterial development. Thirteen unique structures from Myxococcus xanthus DK1622 differ in the length of their characteristic polyene functionality, as well as the extent of methyl branching. We aimed to understand the mechanistic basis for this "molecular promiscuity" by analyzing the gene cluster in DK1622, and comparing it to the DKxanthene biosynthetic locus in a second myxobacterium, Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1, which produces a more limited range of compounds. While the core biosynthetic machinery is highly conserved, M. xanthus contains a putative asparagine hydroxylase function which is not present in S. aurantiaca. This observation accounts, in part, for the significantly larger metabolite family in M. xanthus. Detailed analysis of the encoded hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) assembly line provides direct evidence for the mechanism underlying the variable polyene length and the observed pattern of methyl functionalities.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the microtubule-stabilizing agents epothilones A and B from Sorangium cellulosum So ce90 Abstract: Background:                       Epothilones are produced by the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum So ce90, and, like paclitaxel (Taxol((R))), they inhibit microtubule depolymerisation and arrest the cell cycle at the G2-M phase. They are effective against P-glycoprotein-expressing multiple-drug-resistant tumor cell lines and are more water soluble than paclitaxel. The total synthesis of epothilones has been achieved, but has not provided an economically viable alternative to fermentation. We set out to clone, sequence and analyze the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the epothilones in S. cellulosum So ce90.                  Results:                       A cluster of 22 open reading frames spanning 68,750 base pairs of the S. cellulosum So ce90 genome has been sequenced and found to encode nine modules of a polyketide synthase (PKS), one module of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), a cytochrome P450, and two putative antibiotic transport proteins. Disruptions in the genes encoding the PKS abolished epothilone production. The first PKS module and the NRPS module are proposed to co-operate in forming the thiazole heterocycle of epothilone from an acetate and a cysteine by condensation, cyclodehydration and subsequent dehydrogenation. The remaining eight PKS modules are responsible for the elaboration of the rest of the epothilone carbon skeleton.                  Conclusions:                       The overall architecture of the gene cluster responsible for epothilone biosynthesis has been determined. The availability of the cluster should facilitate the generation of designer epothilones by combinatorial biosynthesis approaches, and the heterologous expression of epothilones in surrogate microbial hosts.	1
Title: Characteristics and activity analysis of epothilone operon promoters from Sorangium cellulosum strains in Escherichia coli Abstract: The epothilones, compounds with anticancer mechanisms similar to that of paclitaxel (Taxol), are produced by strains of the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum, and the gene cluster responsible for epothilone biosynthesis is organised as a large operon. In this work, we showed that the 440-bp promoter regions of the operons from eight S. cellulosum strains have 94.27 % DNA sequence identity and 50 % variability in promoter activity in Escherichia coli. A primer extension analysis revealed two transcriptional start sites (TSSs) at 246 (TSS1) and 193 bp (TSS2) upstream of the translation start site (TLS), respectively. Promoter truncation determined that the basal promoter from the So0157-2 strain is located within a 264-bp region containing weak promoter activity; whereas in the 38-bp region upstream, the 264-bp promoter was required for the strong promoter activity, which was dramatically increased by 11-fold in average. There was a conserved stem-loop structure between TSS2 and the TLS, which was identified in E. coli as a negative regulatory element. In addition, the upstream non-conserved 357-bp non-coding region contributes to the promoter activity, increasing it by 1.5-fold. In conclusion, the expression of the epothilone operon non-coding region in E. coli is regulated by a double promoter (with -35 and -10 regions and two distinct TSSs), a stem-loop structure, and a distal non-coding region.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the epothilone gene cluster Abstract: The polyketide epothilone is a potential anticancer agent that stabilizes microtubules in a similar manner to Taxol. The gene cluster responsible for epothilone biosynthesis in the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum was cloned and completely sequenced. It encodes six multifunctional proteins composed of a loading module, one nonribosomal peptide synthetase module, eight polyketide synthase modules, and a P450 epoxidase that converts desoxyepothilone into epothilone. Concomitant expression of these genes in the actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor produced epothilones A and B. Streptomyces coelicolor is more amenable to strain improvement and grows about 10-fold as rapidly as the natural producer, so this heterologous expression system portends a plentiful supply of this important agent.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of the epothilone biosynthetic gene cluster from Sorangium cellulosum Abstract: The epothilone biosynthetic gene cluster was isolated from Sorangium cellulosum strain SMP44. The gene cluster contains seven genes and spans approx. 56kb. The genes encoding the PKS, epoA, epoC, epoD, epoE, and epoF, are divided into nine modules. The EpoB protein is a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) that catalyzes formation of the thiazole found in the epothilones. EpoK is a P450 enzyme responsible for the epoxidation of epothilones C and D to epothilones A and B, respectively. EpoK was expressed in Escherichia coli, and the purified protein was shown to convert epothilone D to epothilone B in vitro.	1
Title: Equisetin biosynthesis in Fusarium heterosporum Abstract: An iterative polyketide synthase-peptide synthetase hybrid assembles the HIV-1 integrase inhibitory tetramic acid, equisetin, in the filamentous fungus Fusarium heterosporum.	1
Title: Two related pyrrolidinedione synthetase loci in Fusarium heterosporum ATCC 74349 produce divergent metabolites Abstract: Equisetin synthetase (EqiS), from the filamentous fungus Fusarium heterosporum ATCC 74349, was initially assigned on the basis of genetic knockout and expression analysis. Increasing inconsistencies in experimental results led us to question this assignment. Here, we sequenced the F. heterosporum genome, revealing two hybrid polyketide-peptide proteins that were candidates for the equisetin synthetase. The surrounding genes in both clusters had the needed auxiliary genes that might be responsible for producing equisetin. Genetic mutation, biochemical analysis, and recombinant expression in the fungus enabled us to show that the initially assigned EqiS does not produce equisetin but instead produces a related 2,4-pyrrolidinedione, fusaridione A, that was previously unknown. Fusaridione A is methylated in the 3-position of the pyrrolidinedione, which has not otherwise been found in natural products, leading to spontaneous reverse-Dieckmann reactions. A newly described gene cluster, eqx, is responsible for producing equisetin.	1
Title: Characterization of a gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of anticancer agent FK228 in Chromobacterium violaceum No. 968 Abstract: A gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of anticancer agent FK228 has been identified, cloned, and partially characterized in Chromobacterium violaceum no. 968. First, a genome-scanning approach was applied to identify three distinctive C. violaceum no. 968 genomic DNA clones that code for portions of nonribosomal peptide synthetase and polyketide synthase. Next, a gene replacement system developed originally for Pseudomonas aeruginosa was adapted to inactivate the genomic DNA-associated candidate natural product biosynthetic genes in vivo with high efficiency. Inactivation of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-encoding gene completely abolished FK228 production in mutant strains. Subsequently, the entire FK228 biosynthetic gene cluster was cloned and sequenced. This gene cluster is predicted to encompass a 36.4-kb DNA region that includes 14 genes. The products of nine biosynthetic genes are proposed to constitute an unusual hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase assembly line including accessory activities for the biosynthesis of FK228. In particular, a putative flavin adenine dinucleotide-dependent pyridine nucleotide-disulfide oxidoreductase is proposed to catalyze disulfide bond formation between two sulfhydryl groups of cysteine residues as the final step in FK228 biosynthesis. Acquisition of the FK228 biosynthetic gene cluster and acclimation of an efficient genetic system should enable genetic engineering of the FK228 biosynthetic pathway in C. violaceum no. 968 for the generation of structural analogs as anticancer drug candidates.	1
Title: New insights into the genetic organization of the FK228 biosynthetic gene cluster in Chromobacterium violaceum no. 968 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of FK228, an FDA-approved anticancer natural product, was identified and sequenced previously. The genetic organization of this gene cluster has now been delineated through systematic gene deletion and transcriptional analysis. As a result, the gene cluster is redefined to contain 12 genes: depA through depJ, depM, and a newly identified pathway regulatory gene, depR.	1
Title: Reconstitution of the FK228 biosynthetic pathway reveals cross talk between modular polyketide synthases and fatty acid synthase Abstract: Functional cross talk between fatty acid biosynthesis and secondary metabolism has been discovered in several cases in microorganisms; none of them, however, involves a modular biosynthetic enzyme. Previously, we reported a hybrid modular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-polyketide synthase (PKS) pathway for the biosynthesis of FK228 anticancer depsipeptide in Chromobacterium violaceum strain 968. This pathway contains two PKS modules on the DepBC enzymes that lack a functional acyltransferase (AT) domain, and no apparent AT-encoding gene exists within the gene cluster or its vicinity. We report here that, through reconstitution of the FK228 biosynthetic pathway in Escherichia coli cells, two essential genes, fabD1 and fabD2, both encoding a putative malonyl coenzyme A (CoA) acyltransferase component of the fatty acid synthase complex, are positively identified to be involved in FK228 biosynthesis. Either gene product appears sufficient to complement the AT-less PKS modules on DepBC for polyketide chain elongation. Concurrently, a gene (sfp) encoding a putative Sfp-type phosphopantetheinyltransferase was identified to be necessary for FK228 biosynthesis as well. Most interestingly, engineered E. coli strains carrying variable genetic components produced significant levels of FK228 under both aerobic and anaerobic cultivation conditions. Discovery of the trans complementation of modular PKSs by housekeeping ATs reveals natural product biosynthesis diversity. Moreover, demonstration of anaerobic production of FK228 by an engineered facultative bacterial strain validates our effort toward the engineering of novel tumor-targeting bioagents.	1
Title: The structural basis of an NADP⁺-independent dithiol oxidase in FK228 biosynthesis Abstract: The disulfide bond is unusual in natural products and critical for thermal stability, cell permeability and bioactivity. DepH from Chromobacterium violaceum No. 968 is an FAD-dependent enzyme responsible for catalyzing the disulfide bond formation of FK228, an anticancer prodrug approved for the treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Here we report the crystal structures of DepH and DepH complexed with a substrate analogue S,S'-dimethyl FK228 at 1.82 Å and 2.00 Å, respectively. Structural and biochemical analyses revealed that DepH, in contrast to the well characterized low molecular weight thioredoxin reductases (LMW TrxRs), is an NADP(+)-independent dithiol oxidase. DepH not only lacks a conserved GGGDXAXE motif necessary for NADP(+) binding in the canonical LMW TrxRs, but also contains a 11-residue sequence which physically impedes the binding of NADP(+). These observations explain the difference between NADP(+)-independent small molecule dithiol oxidases and NADP(+)-dependent thioredoxin reductases and provide insights for understanding the catalytic mechanism of dithiol oxidases involved in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: The FK520 gene cluster of Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. ascomyceticus (ATCC 14891) contains genes for biosynthesis of unusual polyketide extender units Abstract: FK520 (ascomycin) is a macrolide produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. ascomyceticus (ATCC 14891) that has immunosuppressive, neurotrophic and antifungal activities. To further elucidate the biosynthesis of this and related macrolides, we cloned and sequenced an 80kb region encompassing the FK520 gene cluster. Genes encoding the three polyketide synthase (PKS) subunits (fkbB, fkbC and fkbA), the peptide synthetase (fkbP), the 31-O-methyltransferase (fkbM), the C-9 hydroxylase (fkbD) and the 9-hydroxyl oxidase (fkbO) had the same organization as the genes reported in the FK506 gene cluster of Streptomyces sp. MA6548 (Motamedi, H., Shafiee, A., 1998. The biosynthetic gene cluster for the macrolactone ring of the immunosuppressant FK506. Eur. J. Biochem. 256, 528-534). Disruption of a PKS gene in the cluster using the &phi;C31 phage vector, KC515, led to antibiotic non-producing strains, proving the identity of the cluster. Previous labeling data have indicated that FK520 biosynthesis uses novel polyketide extender units (Byrne, K.M., Shafiee, A., Nielson, J., Arison, B., Monaghan, R.L., Kaplan, L., 1993. The biosynthesis and enzymology of an immunosuppressant, immunomycin, produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus var, ascomyceticus. Dev. Ind. Microbiol. 32, 29-45). Genes in the flanking regions of the FK520 cluster were identified that appear to be involved in synthesis of these extender units. All but two of these genes were homologous to genes with known function. In addition to a crotonyl-CoA reductase gene (fkbS), at least two other genes are proposed to be involved in biosynthesis of the atypical PKS extender unit ethylmalonyl-CoA, which accounts for the ethyl side chain on C-21 of FK520. A set of five contiguous genes (fkbGHIJK) is proposed to be involved in biosynthesis of an unusual PKS extender unit bearing an oxygen on the alpha-carbon, and leading to the 13- and 15-methoxy side chains. These putative precursor synthesis genes in the flanking regions of the FK520 cluster are not found in the flanking regions of the rapamycin cluster (Molnár, I., Aparicio, J.F., Haydock, S.F., Khaw, L.E., Schwecke, T., König, A., Staunton, J., Leadlay, P.F., 1996. Organisation of the biosynthetic gene cluster for rapamycin in Streptomyces hygroscopicus: analysis of genes flanking the polyketide synthase. Gene 169, 1-7), consistent with labeling data showing that rapamycin biosynthesis uses only malonyl and methylmalonyl extender units.	1
Title: Cloning and elucidation of the FR901464 gene cluster revealing a complex acyltransferase-less polyketide synthase using glycerate as starter units Abstract: FR901464, an antitumor natural product, represents a new class of potent anticancer small molecules targeting spliceosome and inhibiting both splicing and nuclear retention of pre-mRNA. Herein we describe the biosynthetic gene cluster of FR901464, identified by degenerate primer PCR amplification of a gene encoding the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA synthase (HCS) postulated to be involved in the biosynthesis of a β-branched polyketide from Pseudomonas sp. No. 2663. This cluster consists of twenty open reading frames (ORFs) and was localized to 93-kb DNA segment, and its involvement in FR901464 biosynthesis was confirmed by gene inactivation and complementation. FR901464 is biosynthesized by a hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), HCS, and acyltransferases (AT)-less system. The PKS/NRPS modules feature unusual domain organization including multiple domain redundancy, inactivation, and tandem. Biochemical characterization of a glyceryl transferase and an acyl carrier protein (ACP) in the start module revealed that it incorporates D-1,3-bisphosphoglycerate, which is dephosphorylated and transferred to ACP as the starter unit. Furthermore, an oxidative Baeyer-Villiger reaction followed by chain release was postulated to form a pyran moiety. On the basis of in silico analysis and genetic and biochemical evidances, a biosynthetic pathway for FR901464 was proposed, which sets the stage to further investigate the complex PKS biochemically and engineer the biosynthetic machinery for the production of novel analogues.	1
Title: Common biosynthetic origins for polycyclic tetramate macrolactams from phylogenetically diverse bacteria Abstract: A combination of small molecule chemistry, biosynthetic analysis, and genome mining has revealed the unexpected conservation of polycyclic tetramate macrolactam biosynthetic loci in diverse bacteria. Initially our chemical analysis of a Streptomyces strain associated with the southern pine beetle led to the discovery of frontalamides A and B, two previously undescribed members of this antibiotic family. Genome analyses and genetic manipulation of the producing organism led to the identification of the frontalamide biosynthetic gene cluster and several biosynthetic intermediates. The biosynthetic locus for the frontalamides' mixed polyketide/amino acid structure encodes a hybrid polyketide synthase nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS), which resembles iterative enzymes known in fungi. No such mixed iterative PKS-NRPS enzymes have been characterized in bacteria. Genome-mining efforts revealed strikingly conserved frontalamide-like biosynthetic clusters in the genomes of phylogenetically diverse bacteria ranging from proteobacteria to actinomycetes. Screens for environmental actinomycete isolates carrying frontalamide-like biosynthetic loci led to the isolation of a number of positive strains, the majority of which produced candidate frontalamide-like compounds under suitable growth conditions. These results establish the prevalence of frontalamide-like gene clusters in diverse bacterial types, with medicinally important Streptomyces species being particularly enriched.	1
Title: Identification of genes involved in the biosynthesis of the cytotoxic compound glidobactin from a soil bacterium Abstract: Glidobactins (syn. cepafungins) are a family of structurally related cytotoxic compounds that were isolated from the soil bacterial strain K481-B101 (ATCC 53080; DSM 7029) originally assigned to Polyangium brachysporum and, independently, from an undefined species related to Burkholderia cepacia. Glidobactins are acylated tripeptide derivatives that contain a 12-membered ring structure consisting of the two unique non-proteinogenic amino acids erythro-4-hydroxy-l-lysine and 4(S)-amino-2(E)-pentenoic acid. Here we report the cloning and functional analysis of a gene cluster (glbA-glbH) involved in glidobactin synthesis from K481-B101, which according to its 16S rRNA sequence belongs to the Burkholderiales. The putative encoded proteins include a mixed non-ribosomal peptide/polyketide synthetase whose structure and architecture allowed to build a biosynthetic pathway model explaining the biosynthesis of the unique peptide part of glidobactins. Intriguingly, among the more than 600 bacterial strains whose genome sequence is currently available, homologous gene clusters were found in Burkholderia pseudomallei, the causing agent of melioidosis, and in the insect pathogen Photorhabdus luminescens, strongly suggesting that these organisms are capable to synthesize compounds similar to glidobactins. In addition, a glb gene cluster that was inactivated by transposon-mediated rearrangements was also present in Burkholderia mallei, a very close relative of B. pseudomallei and the causing agent of glanders in horse-like animals.	1
Title: Molecular insights into the biosynthesis of guadinomine: a type III secretion system inhibitor Abstract: Guadinomines are a recently discovered family of anti-infective compounds produced by Streptomyces sp. K01-0509 with a novel mode of action. With an IC(50) of 14 nM, guadinomine B is the most potent known inhibitor of the type III secretion system (TTSS) of Gram-negative bacteria. TTSS activity is required for the virulence of many pathogenic Gram-negative bacteria including Escherichia coli , Salmonella spp., Yersinia spp., Chlamydia spp., Vibrio spp., and Pseudomonas spp. The guadinomine (gdn) biosynthetic gene cluster has been cloned and sequenced and includes 26 open reading frames spanning 51.2 kb. It encodes a chimeric multimodular polyketide synthase, a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, along with enzymes responsible for the biosynthesis of the unusual aminomalonyl-acyl carrier protein extender unit and the signature carbamoylated cyclic guanidine. Its identity was established by targeted disruption of the gene cluster as well as by heterologous expression and analysis of key enzymes in the biosynthetic pathway. Identifying the guadinomine gene cluster provides critical insight into the biosynthesis of these scarce but potentially important natural products.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of heat-stable antifungal factor (HSAF), a broad-spectrum antimycotic with a novel mode of action Abstract: A screen for antifungal compounds from Lysobacter enzymogenes strain C3, a bacterial biological control agent of fungal diseases, has previously led to the isolation of heat-stable antifungal factor (HSAF). HSAF exhibits inhibitory activities against a wide range of fungal species and shows a novel mode of antifungal action by disrupting the biosynthesis of a distinct group of sphingolipids. We have now determined the chemical structure of HSAF, which is identical to that of dihydromaltophilin, an antifungal metabolite with a unique macrocyclic lactam system containing a tetramic acid moiety and a 5,5,6-tricyclic skeleton. We have also identified the genetic locus responsible for the biosynthesis of HSAF in strain C3. DNA sequencing of this locus revealed genes for a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS), a sterol desaturase, a ferredoxin reductase, and an arginase. The disruption of the PKS-NRPS gene generated C3 mutants that lost the ability to produce HSAF and to inhibit fungal growth, demonstrating a hybrid PKS-NRPS that catalyzed the biosynthesis of the unique macrolactam system that is found in many biologically active natural products isolated from marine organisms. In addition, we have generated mutants with disrupted sterol desaturase, ferredoxin reductase, and arginase and examined the metabolites produced in these mutants. The work represents the first study of the genetic basis for the biosynthesis of the tetramic acid-containing macrolactams. The elucidation of the chemical structure of HSAF and the identification of the genetic locus for its biosynthesis establish the foundation for future exploitation of this group of compounds as new fungicides or antifungal drugs.	1
Title: Cloning and biochemical characterization of the hectochlorin biosynthetic gene cluster from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula Abstract: Cyanobacteria, or blue-green algae, are a rich source of novel bioactive secondary metabolites that have potential applications as antimicrobial or anticancer agents or useful probes in cell biology studies. A Jamaican collection of the cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula has yielded several unique compounds including hectochlorin ( 1) and the jamaicamides A-C ( 5- 7). Hectochlorin has remarkable antifungal and cytotoxic properties. In this study, we have isolated the hectochlorin biosynthetic gene cluster ( hct) from L. majuscula to obtain details regarding its biosynthesis at the molecular genetic level. The genetic architecture and domain organization appear to be colinear with respect to its biosynthesis and consists of eight open reading frames (ORFs) spanning 38 kb. An unusual feature of the cluster is the presence of ketoreductase (KR) domains in two peptide synthetase modules, which are predicted to be involved in the formation of the two 2,3-dihydroxyisovaleric acid (DHIV) units. This biosynthetic motif has only recently been described in cereulide, valinomycin, and cryptophycin biosynthesis, and hence, this is only the second such report of an embedded ketoreductase in a cyanobacterial secondary metabolite gene cluster. Also present at the downstream end of the cluster are two cytochrome P450 monooxygenases, which are likely involved in the formation of the DHIV units. A putative halogenase, at the beginning of the gene cluster, is predicted to form 5,5-dichlorohexanoic acid.	1
Title: Temporal dynamics of natural product biosynthesis in marine cyanobacteria Abstract: Sessile marine organisms are prolific sources of biologically active natural products. However, these compounds are often found in highly variable amounts, with the abiotic and biotic factors governing their production remaining poorly understood. We present an approach that permits monitoring of in vivo natural product production and turnover using mass spectrometry and stable isotope ((15)N) feeding with small cultures of various marine strains of the natural product-rich cyanobacterial genus Lyngbya. This temporal comparison of the amount of in vivo (15)N labeling of nitrogen-containing metabolites represents a direct way to discover and evaluate factors influencing natural product biosynthesis, as well as the timing of specific steps in metabolite assembly, and is a strong complement to more traditional in vitro studies. Relative quantification of (15)N labeling allowed the concurrent measurement of turnover rates of multiple natural products from small amounts of biomass. This technique also afforded the production of the neurotoxic jamaicamides to be more carefully studied, including an assessment of how jamaicamide turnover compares with filament growth rate and primary metabolism and provided new insights into the biosynthetic timing of jamaicamide A bromination. This approach should be valuable in determining how environmental factors affect secondary metabolite production, ultimately yielding insight into the energetic balance among growth, primary production, and secondary metabolism, and thus aid in the development of methods to improve compound yields for biomedical or biotechnological applications.	1
Title: Transcriptional analysis of the jamaicamide gene cluster from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula and identification of possible regulatory proteins Abstract: Background:                       The marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula is a prolific producer of bioactive secondary metabolites. Although biosynthetic gene clusters encoding several of these compounds have been identified, little is known about how these clusters of genes are transcribed or regulated, and techniques targeting genetic manipulation in Lyngbya strains have not yet been developed. We conducted transcriptional analyses of the jamaicamide gene cluster from a Jamaican strain of Lyngbya majuscula, and isolated proteins that could be involved in jamaicamide regulation.                  Results:                       An unusually long untranslated leader region of approximately 840 bp is located between the jamaicamide transcription start site (TSS) and gene cluster start codon. All of the intergenic regions between the pathway ORFs were transcribed into RNA in RT-PCR experiments; however, a promoter prediction program indicated the possible presence of promoters in multiple intergenic regions. Because the functionality of these promoters could not be verified in vivo, we used a reporter gene assay in E. coli to show that several of these intergenic regions, as well as the primary promoter preceding the TSS, are capable of driving beta-galactosidase production. A protein pulldown assay was also used to isolate proteins that may regulate the jamaicamide pathway. Pulldown experiments using the intergenic region upstream of jamA as a DNA probe isolated two proteins that were identified by LC-MS/MS. By BLAST analysis, one of these had close sequence identity to a regulatory protein in another cyanobacterial species. Protein comparisons suggest a possible correlation between secondary metabolism regulation and light dependent complementary chromatic adaptation. Electromobility shift assays were used to evaluate binding of the recombinant proteins to the jamaicamide promoter region.                  Conclusion:                       Insights into natural product regulation in cyanobacteria are of significant value to drug discovery and biotechnology. To our knowledge, this is the first attempt to characterize the transcription and regulation of secondary metabolism in a marine cyanobacterium. If jamaicamide is light regulated, this mechanism would be similar to other cyanobacterial natural product gene clusters such as microcystin LR. These findings could aid in understanding and potentially assisting the management of toxin production by Lyngbya in the environment.	1
Title: Metamorphic enzyme assembly in polyketide diversification Abstract: Natural product chemical diversity is fuelled by the emergence and ongoing evolution of biosynthetic pathways in secondary metabolism. However, co-evolution of enzymes for metabolic diversification is not well understood, especially at the biochemical level. Here, two parallel assemblies with an extraordinarily high sequence identity from Lyngbya majuscula form a beta-branched cyclopropane in the curacin A pathway (Cur), and a vinyl chloride group in the jamaicamide pathway (Jam). The components include a halogenase, a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl enzyme cassette for polyketide beta-branching, and an enoyl reductase domain. The halogenase from CurA, and the dehydratases (ECH(1)s), decarboxylases (ECH(2)s) and enoyl reductase domains from both Cur and Jam, were assessed biochemically to determine the mechanisms of cyclopropane and vinyl chloride formation. Unexpectedly, the polyketide beta-branching pathway was modified by introduction of a gamma-chlorination step on (S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl mediated by Cur halogenase, a non-haem Fe(ii), alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent enzyme. In a divergent scheme, Cur ECH(2) was found to catalyse formation of the alpha,beta enoyl thioester, whereas Jam ECH(2) formed a vinyl chloride moiety by selectively generating the corresponding beta,gamma enoyl thioester of the 3-methyl-4-chloroglutaconyl decarboxylation product. Finally, the enoyl reductase domain of CurF specifically catalysed an unprecedented cyclopropanation on the chlorinated product of Cur ECH(2) instead of the canonical alpha,beta C = C saturation reaction. Thus, the combination of chlorination and polyketide beta-branching, coupled with mechanistic diversification of ECH(2) and enoyl reductase, leads to the formation of cyclopropane and vinyl chloride moieties. These results reveal a parallel interplay of evolutionary events in multienzyme systems leading to functional group diversity in secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Activity screening of carrier domains within nonribosomal peptide synthetases using complex substrate mixtures and large molecule mass spectrometry Abstract: For screening a pool of potential substrates that load carrier domains found in nonribosomal peptide synthetases, large molecule mass spectrometry is shown to be a new, unbiased assay. Combining the high resolving power of Fourier transform mass spectrometry with the ability of adenylation domains to select their own substrates, the mass change that takes place upon formation of a covalent intermediate thus identifies the substrate. This assay has an advantage over traditional radiochemical assays in that many substrates, the substrate pool, can be screened simultaneously. Using proteins on the nikkomycin, clorobiocin, coumermycin A1, yersiniabactin, pyochelin, and enterobactin biosynthetic pathways as proof of principle, preferred substrates are readily identified from substrate pools. Furthermore, this assay can be used to provide insight into the timing of tailoring events of biosynthetic pathways as demonstrated using the bromination reaction found on the jamaicamide biosynthetic pathway. Finally, this assay can provide insight into the role and function of orphan gene clusters for which the encoded natural product is unknown. This is demonstrated by identifying the substrates for two NRPS modules from the pksN and pksJ genes that are found on an orphan NRPS/PKS hybrid cluster from Bacillus subtilis. This new assay format is especially timely for activity screening in an era when new types of thiotemplate assembly lines that defy classification are being discovered at an accelerating rate.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the structurally unique polycyclopropanated polyketide-nucleoside hybrid jawsamycin (FR-900848) Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of antifungal agent jawsamycin (FR-900848) has been identified by heterologous expression. A series of gene inactivations and in vitro and in vivo analysis of key enzymes in the biosynthetic pathway established their functions. A novel mechanism involving a radical S-adenosyl methionine (SAM) cyclopropanase collaborating with an iterative polyketide synthase is proposed for the construction of the unique polycyclopropanated backbone. Our reconstitution system sets the stage for studying the catalytic mechanism of this intriguing contiguous cyclopropanation.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyenoyltetramic acid alpha-lipomycin Abstract: The gram-positive bacterium Streptomyces aureofaciens Tü117 produces the acyclic polyene antibiotic alpha-lipomycin. The entire biosynthetic gene cluster (lip gene cluster) was cloned and characterized. DNA sequence analysis of a 74-kb region revealed the presence of 28 complete open reading frames (ORFs), 22 of them belonging to the biosynthetic gene cluster. Central to the cluster is a polyketide synthase locus that encodes an eight-module system comprised of four multifunctional proteins. In addition, one ORF shows homology to those for nonribosomal peptide synthetases, indicating that alpha-lipomycin belongs to the classification of hybrid peptide-polyketide natural products. Furthermore, the lip cluster includes genes responsible for the formation and attachment of d-digitoxose as well as ORFs that resemble those for putative regulatory and export functions. We generated biosynthetic mutants by insertional gene inactivation. By analysis of culture extracts of these mutants, we could prove that, indeed, the genes involved in the biosynthesis of lipomycin had been cloned, and additionally we gained insight into an unusual biosynthesis pathway.	1
Title: Characterization and analysis of the regulatory network involved in control of lipomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces aureofaciens Tü117 Abstract: Analysis of the alpha-lipomycin biosynthesis gene cluster of Streptomyces aureofaciens Tü117 led to the identification of five putative regulatory genes, which are congregated into a subcluster. Analysis of the lipReg1-4 and lipX1 showed that they encode components of two-component signal transduction systems (LipReg1 and LipReg2), multiple antibiotics resistance-type regulator (LipReg3), large ATP-binding regulators of the LuxR family-type regulator (LipReg4), and small ribonuclease (LipRegX1), respectively. A combination of targeted gene disruptions, complementation experiments, lipomycin production studies, and gene expression analysis via RT-PCR suggests that all regulatory lip genes are involved in alpha-lipomycin production. On the basis of the obtained data, we propose that LipReg2 controls the activity of LipReg1, which in its turn govern the expression of the alpha-lipomycin pathway-specific regulatory gene lipReg4. The ribonuclease gene lipX1 and the transporter regulator lipReg3 appear to work independently of genes lipReg1, lipReg2, and lipReg4.	1
Title: Characterization of the sugar-O-methyltransferase LobS1 in lobophorin biosynthesis Abstract: Lobophorins A (1) and B (2) belong to a large group of spirotetronate natural products with potent antibacterial and antitumor activities. The cloning of the lobophorin biosynthesis gene cluster from the deep-sea-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 01127 identified a sugar-O-methyltransferase-encoding gene lobS1. The lobS1 inactivation mutant accumulated two new lobophorin analogs 3 and 4, different from 1 and 2 by lacking the 4-methyl group at the terminal L-digitoxose, respectively. Biochemical experiments verified that LobS1 was a SAM-dependent sugar-O-methyltransferase that required divalent metal ions for better activity. Antibacterial assays revealed compounds 3 and 4 were generally less potent than compounds 1 and 2. These findings suggest that the methylation on the terminal digitoxose by LobS1 tailors lobophorin biosynthesis and highlights the importance of this methylation for antibacterial potence.	1
Title: Dissecting glycosylation steps in lobophorin biosynthesis implies an iterative glycosyltransferase Abstract: The identification of a lobophorin biosynthetic gene cluster from the deep-sea derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 01127 reveals a paradigm of three glycosyltransferases (GTs) LobG1-LobG3 being responsible for appending four sugars. Characterization of five differentially glycosylated metabolites from three GT gene-inactivation mutants allowed the assignment of GT functions and the implication of LobG3 as an iterative GT to attach two digitoxoses.	1
Title: Nonribosomal peptide synthase gene clusters for lipopeptide biosynthesis in Bacillus subtilis 916 and their phenotypic functions Abstract: Bacillus cyclic lipopeptides (LPs) have been well studied for their phytopathogen-antagonistic activities. Recently, research has shown that these LPs also contribute to the phenotypic features of Bacillus strains, such as hemolytic activity, swarming motility, biofilm formation, and colony morphology. Bacillus subtilis 916 not only coproduces the three families of well-known LPs, i.e., surfactins, bacillomycin Ls (iturin family), and fengycins, but also produces a new family of LP called locillomycins. The genome of B. subtilis 916 contains four nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) gene clusters, srf, bmy, fen, and loc, which are responsible for the biosynthesis of surfactins, bacillomycin Ls, fengycins, and locillomycins, respectively. By studying B. subtilis 916 mutants lacking production of one, two, or three LPs, we attempted to unveil the connections between LPs and phenotypic features. We demonstrated that bacillomycin Ls and fengycins contribute mainly to antifungal activity. Although surfactins have weak antifungal activity in vitro, the strain mutated in srfAA had significantly decreased antifungal activity. This may be due to the impaired productions of fengycins and bacillomycin Ls. We also found that the disruption of any LP gene cluster other than fen resulted in a change in colony morphology. While surfactins and bacillomycin Ls play very important roles in hemolytic activity, swarming motility, and biofilm formation, the fengycins and locillomycins had little influence on these phenotypic features. In conclusion, B. subtilis 916 coproduces four families of LPs which contribute to the phenotypic features of B. subtilis 916 in an intricate way.	1
Title: Discovery and assembly-line biosynthesis of the lymphostin pyrroloquinoline alkaloid family of mTOR inhibitors in Salinispora bacteria Abstract: The pyrroloquinoline alkaloid family of natural products, which includes the immunosuppressant lymphostin, has long been postulated to arise from tryptophan. We now report the molecular basis of lymphostin biosynthesis in three marine Salinispora species that maintain conserved biosynthetic gene clusters harboring a hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase that is central to lymphostin assembly. Through a series of experiments involving gene mutations, stable isotope profiling, and natural product discovery, we report the assembly-line biosynthesis of lymphostin and nine new analogues that exhibit potent mTOR inhibitory activity.	1
Title: Genomic islands link secondary metabolism to functional adaptation in marine Actinobacteria Abstract: Genomic islands have been shown to harbor functional traits that differentiate ecologically distinct populations of environmental bacteria. A comparative analysis of the complete genome sequences of the marine Actinobacteria Salinispora tropica and Salinispora arenicola reveals that 75% of the species-specific genes are located in 21 genomic islands. These islands are enriched in genes associated with secondary metabolite biosynthesis providing evidence that secondary metabolism is linked to functional adaptation. Secondary metabolism accounts for 8.8% and 10.9% of the genes in the S. tropica and S. arenicola genomes, respectively, and represents the major functional category of annotated genes that differentiates the two species. Genomic islands harbor all 25 of the species-specific biosynthetic pathways, the majority of which occur in S. arenicola and may contribute to the cosmopolitan distribution of this species. Genome evolution is dominated by gene duplication and acquisition, which in the case of secondary metabolism provide immediate opportunities for the production of new bioactive products. Evidence that secondary metabolic pathways are exchanged horizontally, coupled with earlier evidence for fixation among globally distributed populations, supports a functional role and suggests that the acquisition of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters represents a previously unrecognized force driving bacterial diversification. Species-specific differences observed in clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat sequences suggest that S. arenicola may possess a higher level of phage immunity, whereas a highly duplicated family of polymorphic membrane proteins provides evidence for a new mechanism of marine adaptation in Gram-positive bacteria.	1
Title: Characterization of the maduropeptin biosynthetic gene cluster from Actinomadura madurae ATCC 39144 supporting a unifying paradigm for enediyne biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the enediyne antitumor antibiotic maduropeptin (MDP) from Actinomadura madurae ATCC 39144 was cloned and sequenced. Cloning of the mdp gene cluster was confirmed by heterologous complementation of enediyne polyketide synthase (PKS) mutants from the C-1027 producer Streptomyces globisporus and the neocarzinostatin producer Streptomyces carzinostaticus using the MDP enediyne PKS and associated genes. Furthermore, MDP was produced, and its apoprotein was isolated and N-terminal sequenced; the encoding gene, mdpA, was found to reside within the cluster. The biosynthesis of MDP is highlighted by two iterative type I PKSs--the enediyne PKS and a 6-methylsalicylic acid PKS; generation of (S)-3-(2-chloro-3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-3-hydroxypropionic acid derived from L-alpha-tyrosine; a unique type of enediyne apoprotein; and a convergent biosynthetic approach to the final MDP chromophore. The results demonstrate a platform for engineering new enediynes by combinatorial biosynthesis and establish a unified paradigm for the biosynthesis of enediyne polyketides.	1
Title: Polyketide synthase chemistry does not direct biosynthetic divergence between 9- and 10-membered enediynes Abstract: Enediynes are potent antitumor antibiotics that are classified as 9- or 10-membered according to the size of the enediyne core structure. However, almost nothing is known about enediyne core biosynthesis, and the determinants of 9- versus 10-membered enediyne core biosynthetic divergence remain elusive. Previous work identified enediyne-specific polyketide synthases (PKSEs) that can be phylogenetically distinguished as being involved in 9- versus 10-membered enediyne biosynthesis, suggesting that biosynthetic divergence might originate from differing PKSE chemistries. Recent in vitro studies have identified several compounds produced by the PKSE and associated thioesterase (TE), but condition-dependent product profiles make it difficult to ascertain a true catalytic difference between 9- and 10-membered PKSE-TE systems. Here we report that PKSE chemistry does not direct 9- versus 10-membered enediyne core biosynthetic divergence as revealed by comparing the products from three 9-membered and two 10-membered PKSE-TE systems under identical conditions using robust in vivo assays. Three independent experiments support a common catalytic function for 9- and 10-membered PKSEs by the production of a heptaene metabolite from: (i) all five cognate PKSE-TE pairs in Escherichia coli; (ii) the C-1027 and calicheamicin cognate PKSE-TEs in Streptomyces lividans K4-114; and (iii) selected native producers of both 9- and 10-membered enediynes. Furthermore, PKSEs and TEs from different 9- and 10-membered enediyne biosynthetic machineries are freely interchangeable, revealing that 9- versus 10-membered enediyne core biosynthetic divergence occurs beyond the PKSE-TE level. These findings establish a starting point for determining the origins of this biosynthetic divergence.	1
Title: Enediyne antitumor antibiotic maduropeptin biosynthesis featuring a C-methyltransferase that acts on a CoA-tethered aromatic substrate Abstract: The enediyne antitumor antibiotic maduropeptin (MDP) is produced by Actinomadura madurae ATCC 39144. The biosynthetic pathway for the 3,6-dimethylsalicylic acid moiety of the MDP chromophore is proposed to be comprised of four enzymes: MdpB, MdpB1, MdpB2, and MdpB3. Based on the previously characterized biosynthesis of the naphthoic acid moiety of neocarzinostatin (NCS), we expected a biosynthetic pathway featuring carboxylic acid activation by the MdpB2 CoA ligase immediately before its coupling to an enediyne core intermediate. Surprisingly, the MDP aromatic acid biosynthetic pathway employs an unusual logic in which MdpB2-catalyzed CoA activation occurs before MdpB1-catalyzed C-methylation, demonstrating that MdpB1 is apparently unique in its ability to C-methylate a CoA-tethered aromatic acid. MdpB2 is a promiscuous CoA ligase capable of activating a variety of salicylic acid analogues, a property that could be potentially exploited to engineer MDP analogues.	1
Title: Isolation and characterization of meridamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. NRRL 30748 Abstract: Meridamycin is a non-immunosuppressive, FKBP12-binding natural macrolide with potential therapeutic applications in a variety of medical conditions. To set the stage for structural modification of meridamycin by genetic engineering, we have cloned and completely sequenced approximately 117 kb of DNA encompassing the meridamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from the producing strain, Streptomyces sp. NRRL 30748. Clustered in the center of the cloned DNA stretch are six genes responsible for the construction of the core structure of meridamycin, including merP encoding a non-ribosomal peptide synthase for pipecolate-incorporation, four PKS genes (merA-D) together encoding 1 loading module and 14 extension modules, and merE encoding a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase. A number of genes with potential pathway-specific regulatory or resistance functions have also been identified. The absence of the gene encoding lysine cyclodeaminase in the sequenced gene cluster and the rest of the genome of NRRL 30748 indicated the synthesis of pipecolate in this strain is not through the common lysine cyclodeamination route previously described for rapamycin and FK506/FK520 biosynthesis. An efficient conjugation method has been developed for Streptomyces sp. NRRL 30748 to facilitate the genetic manipulation of meridamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Disruption of merP resulted in the complete abolition of meridamycin production, proving the identity of the gene cluster. A novel meridamycin analogue, C36-keto-meridamycin, has been successfully generated through deletion of a DNA fragment encoding KR1 domain of MerA from the chromosomal DNA.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. DSM 4137 for the novel neuroprotectant polyketide meridamycin Abstract: Meridamycin is a non-immunosuppressant, FKBP-binding macrocyclic polyketide, which has major potential as a neuroprotectant in a range of neurodegenerative disorders including dementia, Parkinson's disease and ischaemic stroke. A biosynthetic cluster predicted to encode biosynthesis of meridamycin was cloned from the prolific secondary-metabolite-producing strain Streptomyces sp. DSM 4137, not previously known to produce this compound, and specific gene deletion was used to confirm the role of this cluster in the biosynthesis of meridamycin. The meridamycin modular polyketide synthase consists of 14 extension modules distributed between three giant multienzyme proteins. The terminal module is flanked by a highly unusual cytochrome P450-like domain. The characterization of the meridamycin biosynthetic locus in this readily manipulated streptomycete species opens the way to the engineering of new, altered meridamycins of potential therapeutic importance.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of a complex yersiniabactin-like natural product via the mic locus in phytopathogen Ralstonia solanacearum Abstract: A genome mining study in the plant pathogenic bacterium Ralstonia solanacearum GMI1000 unveiled a polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster putatively involved in siderophore biosynthesis. Insertional mutagenesis confirmed the respective locus to be operational under iron-deficient conditions and spurred the isolation of the associated natural product. Bioinformatic analyses of the gene cluster facilitated the structural characterization of this compound, which was subsequently identified as the antimycoplasma agent micacocidin. The metal-chelating properties of micacocidin were evaluated in competition experiments, and the cellular uptake of gallium-micacocidin complexes was demonstrated in R. solanacearum GMI1000, indicating a possible siderophore role. Comparative genomics revealed a conservation of the micacocidin gene cluster in defined, but globally dispersed phylotypes of R. solanacearum.	1
Title: An iterative type I polyketide synthase initiates the biosynthesis of the antimycoplasma agent micacocidin Abstract: Micacocidin is a thiazoline-containing natural product from the bacterium Ralstonia solanacearum that shows significant activity against Mycoplasma pneumoniae. The presence of a pentylphenol moiety distinguishes micacocidin from the structurally related siderophore yersiniabactin, and this residue also contributes to the potent antimycoplasma effects. The biosynthesis of the pentylphenol moiety, as deduced from bioinformatic analysis and stable isotope feeding experiments, involves an iterative type I polyketide synthase (iPKS), which generates a linear tetraketide intermediate from acyl carrier protein-tethered hexanoic acid by three consecutive, decarboxylative Claisen condensations with malonyl-coenzyme A. The final conversion into 6-pentylsalicylic acid depends on a ketoreductase domain within the iPKS, as demonstrated by heterologous expression in E. coli and subsequent site-directed mutagenesis experiments. Our results unveil the early steps in micacocidin biosynthesis and illuminate a bacterial enzyme that functionally resembles fungal polyketide synthases.	1
Title: Precursor-directed biosynthesis of micacocidin derivatives with activity against Mycoplasma pneumoniae Abstract: Micacocidin is a promising natural product for the treatment of Mycoplasma pneumoniae infections. In the biosynthesis of this antibiotic, a fatty acid-AMP ligase (FAAL) activates the starter unit hexanoic acid as acyl-adenylate and forwards it to an iteratively acting polyketide synthase. Biochemical analysis of the FAAL revealed an extended substrate tolerance, thereby opening the door for the modification of a micacocidin residue that is barely accessible via semisynthesis. A total of six new analogues were generated by precursor-directed biosynthesis in this study and profiled against M. pneumoniae.	1
Title: Microcystin biosynthesis in planktothrix: genes, evolution, and manipulation Abstract: Microcystins represent an extraordinarily large family of cyclic heptapeptide toxins that are nonribosomally synthesized by various cyanobacteria. Microcystins specifically inhibit the eukaryotic protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. Their outstanding variability makes them particularly useful for studies on the evolution of structure-function relationships in peptide synthetases and their genes. Analyses of microcystin synthetase genes provide valuable clues for the potential and limits of combinatorial biosynthesis. We have sequenced and analyzed 55.6 kb of the potential microcystin synthetase gene (mcy) cluster from the filamentous cyanobacterium Planktothrix agardhii CYA 126. The cluster contains genes for peptide synthetases (mcyABC), polyketide synthases (PKSs; mcyD), chimeric enzymes composed of peptide synthetase and PKS modules (mcyEG), a putative thioesterase (mcyT), a putative ABC transporter (mcyH), and a putative peptide-modifying enzyme (mcyJ). The gene content and arrangement and the sequence of specific domains in the gene products differ from those of the mcy cluster in Microcystis, a unicellular cyanobacterium. The data suggest an evolution of mcy clusters from, rather than to, genes for nodularin (a related pentapeptide) biosynthesis. Our data do not support the idea of horizontal gene transfer of complete mcy gene clusters between the genera. We have established a protocol for stable genetic transformation of Planktothrix, a genus that is characterized by multicellular filaments exhibiting continuous motility. Targeted mutation of mcyJ revealed its function as a gene coding for a O-methyltransferase. The mutant cells produce a novel microcystin variant exhibiting reduced inhibitory activity toward protein phosphatases.	1
Title: Genes coding for hepatotoxic heptapeptides (microcystins) in the cyanobacterium Anabaena strain 90 Abstract: The cluster of microcystin synthetase genes from Anabaena strain 90 was sequenced and characterized. The total size of the region is 55.4 kb, and the genes are organized in three putative operons. The first operon (mcyA-mcyB-mcyC) is transcribed in the opposite direction from the second operon (mcyG-mcyD-mcyJ-mcyE-mcyF-mcyI) and the third operon (mcyH). The genes mcyA, mcyB, and mcyC encode nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS), while mcyD codes for a polyketide synthase (PKS), and mcyG and mcyE are mixed NRPS-PKS genes. The genes mcyJ, mcyF, and mcyI are similar to genes coding for a methyltransferase, an aspartate racemase, and a D-3-phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase, respectively. The region in the first module of mcyB coding for the adenylation domain was found to be 96% identical with the corresponding part of mcyC, suggesting a recent duplication of this fragment and a replacement in mcyB. In Anabaena strain 90, the order of the domains encoded by the genes in the two sets (from mcyG to mcyI and from mcyA to mcyC) is colinear with the hypothetical order of the enzymatic reactions for microcystin biosynthesis. The order of the microcystin synthetase genes in Anabaena strain 90 differs from the arrangement found in two other cyanobacterial species, Microcystis aeruginosa and Planktothrix agardhii. The average sequence match between the microcystin synthetase genes of Anabaena strain 90 and the corresponding genes of the other species is 74%. The identity of the individual proteins varies from 67 to 81%. The genes of microcystin biosynthesis from three major producers of this toxin are now known. This makes it possible to design probes and primers to identify the toxin producers in the environment.	1
Title: Structural characterization of in vitro and in vivo intermediates on the loading module of microcystin synthetase Abstract: The microcystin family of toxins is the most common cause of hepatotoxicity associated with water blooms of cyanobacterial genera. The biosynthetic assembly line producing the toxic cyclic peptide, microcystin, contains an adenylation-peptidyl carrier protein didomain (A-PCP) at the N-terminus of the initiator module McyG (295 kDa) that has been postulated to activate and load the starter unit phenylacetate for formation of the unusual aromatic beta-amino acid residue, Adda, before subsequent extension. Characterization of the McyG A-PCP didomain (78 kDa) using ATP-PP i exchange assays and mass spectrometry revealed that assorted phenylpropanoids are preferentially activated and loaded onto the PCP carrier domain rather than phenylacetate itself. For the first time, thioesters formed in vivo were detected directly using large molecule mass spectrometry. Additionally substrates were cleaved using a type II thioesterase for structural elucidation by small molecule mass spectrometry. Unprecedented features of the McyG A-PCP didomain include the in vivo acylation of the holo PCP with exogenous and endogenous substrates, along with the ability of the apo protein to retain the acyl-AMP intermediate during affinity purification. These results imply that phenylpropanoids are preferentially loaded onto the McyG PCP; however one carbon must be excised following extension of the starter unit with malonyl-CoA in order to generate the expected polyketide chain which leads us to ponder the novel biochemistry by which this occurs.	1
Title: Structural organization of microcystin biosynthesis in Microcystis aeruginosa PCC7806: an integrated peptide-polyketide synthetase system Abstract: Background:                       Blooms of toxic cyanobacteria (blue-green algae) have become increasingly common in the surface waters of the world. Of the known toxins produced by cyanobacteria, the microcystins are the most significant threat to human and animal health. These cyclic peptides are potent inhibitors of eukaryotic protein phosphatases type 1 and 2A. Synthesized nonribosomally, the microcystins contain a number of unusual amino acid residues including the beta-amino polyketide moiety Adda (3-amino-9-methoxy-2,6, 8-trimethyl-10-phenyl-4,6-decadienoic acid). We have characterized the microcystin biosynthetic gene cluster from Microcystis aeruginosa PCC7806.                  Results:                       A cluster spanning 55 kb, composed of 10 bidirectionally transcribed open reading frames arranged in two putative operons (mcyA-C and mcyD-J), has been correlated with microcystin formation by gene disruption and mutant analysis. Of the 48 sequential catalytic reactions involved in microcystin synthesis, 45 have been assigned to catalytic domains within six large multienzyme synthases/synthetases (McyA-E, G), which incorporate the precursors phenylacetate, malonyl-CoA, S-adenosyl-L-methionine, glutamate, serine, alanine, leucine, D-methyl-isoaspartate, and arginine. The additional four monofunctional proteins are putatively involved in O-methylation (McyJ), epimerization (McyF), dehydration (McyI), and localization (McyH). The unusual polyketide amino acid Adda is formed by transamination of a polyketide precursor as enzyme-bound intermediate, and not released during the process.                  Conclusions:                       This report is the first complete description of the biosynthesis pathway of a complex cyanobacterial metabolite. The enzymatic organization of the microcystin assembly represents an integrated polyketide-peptide biosynthetic pathway with a number of unusual structural and enzymatic features. These include the integrated synthesis of a beta-amino-pentaketide precursor and the formation of beta- and gamma-carboxyl-peptide bonds, respectively. Other features of this complex system also observed in diverse related biosynthetic clusters are integrated C- and N-methyltransferases, an integrated aminotransferase, and an associated O-methyltransferase and a racemase acting on acidic amino acids.	1
Title: The mcyF gene of the microcystin biosynthetic gene cluster from Microcystis aeruginosa encodes an aspartate racemase Abstract: Microcystins are hepatotoxic, non-ribosomal peptides produced by several genera of freshwater cyanobacteria. Among other enzymic activities, in particular those of peptide synthetases and polyketide synthases, microcystin biosynthesis requires racemases that provide D-aspartate and D-glutamate. Here, we report on the cloning, expression and characterization of an open reading frame, mcyF, that is part of the mcy gene cluster involved in microcystin biosynthesis in the Microcystis aeruginosa strain PCC 7806. Conserved amino acid sequence motifs suggest a function of the McyF protein as an aspartate racemase. Heterologous expression of mcyF in the unicellular cyanobacterium Synechocystis PCC 6803 yielded an active His(6)-tagged protein that was purified to homogeneity by Ni(2+)-nitriloacetate affinity chromatography. The purified recombinant protein racemized in a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate-independent manner L-aspartate, but not L-glutamate. Furthermore, we have identified a putative glutamate racemase gene that is located outside the mcy gene cluster in the M. aeruginosa PCC 7806 genome. Whereas homologues of this glutamate racemase gene are present in all the Microcystis strains examined, mcyF could only be detected in microcystin-producing strains.	1
Title: Inactivation of an ABC transporter gene, mcyH, results in loss of microcystin production in the cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 7806 Abstract: The cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa is widely known for its production of the potent hepatotoxin microcystin. Microcystin is synthesized nonribosomally by the thiotemplate function of a large, modular enzyme complex encoded within the 55-kb microcystin synthetase (mcy) gene cluster. Also encoded within the mcy gene cluster is a putative ATP binding cassette (ABC) transporter, McyH. This study details the bioinformatic and mutational analyses of McyH and offers functional predictions for the hypothetical protein. The transporter is putatively comprised of two homodimers, each with an N-terminal hydrophobic domain and a C-terminal ATPase. Phylogenetically, McyH was found to cluster with members of the ABC-A1 subgroup of ABC ATPases, suggesting an export function for the protein. Two mcyH null mutant (DeltamcyH) strains were constructed by partial deletion of the mcyH gene. Microcystin production was completely absent in these strains. While the mcyH deletion had no apparent effect on the transcription of other mcy genes, the complete microcystin biosynthesis enzyme complex could not be detected in DeltamcyH mutant strains. Finally, expression levels of McyH in the wild type and in DeltamcyA, DeltamcyB, and DeltamcyH mutants were investigated by using immunoblotting with an anti-McyH antibody. Expression of McyH was found to be reduced in DeltamcyA and DeltamcyB mutants and completely absent in the DeltamcyH mutant. By virtue of its association with the mcy gene cluster and the bioinformatic and experimental data presented in this study, we predict that McyH functions as a microcystin exporter and is, in addition, intimately associated with the microcystin biosynthesis pathway.	1
Title: Characterization of the 2-hydroxy-acid dehydrogenase McyI, encoded within the microcystin biosynthesis gene cluster of Microcystis aeruginosa PCC7806 Abstract: The cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa is widely known for its production of the potent hepatotoxin microcystin. This cyclic heptapeptide is synthesized non-ribosomally by the thio-template function of a large modular enzyme complex encoded within the 55-kb microcystin synthetase gene (mcy) cluster. The mcy gene cluster also encodes several stand-alone enzymes, putatively involved in the tailoring and export of microcystin. This study describes the characterization of the 2-hydroxy-acid dehydrogenase McyI, putatively involved in the production of d-methyl aspartate at position 3 within the microcystin cyclic structure. A combination of bioinformatics, molecular, and biochemical techniques was used to elucidate the structure, function, regulation, and evolution of this unique enzyme. The recombinant McyI enzyme was overexpressed in Escherichia coli and enzymatically characterized. The hypothesized native activity of McyI, the interconversion of 3-methyl malate to 3-methyl oxalacetate, was demonstrated using an in vitro spectrophotometric assay. The enzyme was also able to reduce alpha-ketoglutarate to 2-hydroxyglutarate and to catalyze the interconversion of malate and oxalacetate. Although NADP(H) was the preferred cofactor of the McyI-catalyzed reactions, NAD(H) could also be utilized, although rates of catalysis were significantly lower. The combined results of this study suggest that hepatotoxic cyanobacteria such as M. aeruginosa PCC7806 are capable of producing methyl aspartate via a novel glutamate mutase-independent pathway, in which McyI plays a pivotal role.	1
Title: Biochemical Dissection of the Natural Diversification of Microcystin Provides Lessons for Synthetic Biology of NRPS Abstract: The cyanobacterial hepatotoxin microcystin is assembled at a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) complex. The enormous structural diversity of this peptide, which is also found in closely related strains, is the result of frequent recombination events and point mutations. Here, we have compared the in vitro activation profiles of related monospecific and multispecific modules that either strictly incorporate leucine or arginine or incorporate chemically diverse amino acids in parallel into microcystin. By analyzing di- and tri-domain proteins we have dissected the role of adenylation and condensation domains for substrate specificity. We have further analyzed the role of subdomains and provide evidence for an extended gatekeeping function for the condensation domains of multispecific modules. By reproducing natural point mutations, we could convert a monospecific module into a multispecific module. Our findings may inspire novel synthetic biology approaches and demonstrate how recombination platforms of NRPSs have developed in nature.	1
Title: Directing the Heterologous Production of Specific Cyanobacterial Toxin Variants Abstract: Microcystins are globally the most commonly occurring freshwater cyanotoxins, causing acute poisoning and chronically inducing hepatocellular carcinoma. However, the detection and toxicological study of microcystins is hampered by the limited availability and high cost of pure toxin standards. Biosynthesis of microcystin variants in a fast-growing heterologous host offers a promising method of achieving reliable and economically viable alternative to isolating toxin from slow-growing cyanobacterial cultures. Here, we report the heterologous expression of recombinant microcystin synthetases in Escherichia coli to produce [d-Asp3]microcystin-LR and microcystin-LR. We assembled a 55 kb hybrid polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster from Microcystis aeruginosa PCC 7806 using Red/ET recombineering and replaced the native promoters with an inducible PtetO promoter to yield microcystin titers superior to M. aeruginosa. The expression platform described herein can be tailored to heterologously produce a wide variety of microcystin variants, and potentially other cyanobacterial natural products of commercial relevance.	1
Title: Characterization of the locus of genes encoding enzymes producing heptadepsipeptide micropeptin in the unicellular cyanobacterium Microcystis Abstract: The gene cluster involved in producing the cyclic heptadepsipeptide micropeptin was cloned from the genome of the unicellular cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa K-139. Sequencing revealed four genes encoding non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) that are highly similar to the gene cluster involved in cyanopeptolins biosynthesis. According to predictions based on the non-ribosomal consensus code, the order of the mcnABCE NPRS modules was well consistent with that of the biosynthetic assembly of cyclic peptides. The biochemical analysis of a McnB(K-139) adenylation domain and the knock-out of mcnC in a micropeptin-producing strain, M. viridis S-70, revealed that the mcn gene clusters were responsible for the production of heptadepsipeptide micropeptins. A detailed comparison of nucleotide sequences also showed that the regions between the mcnC and mcnE genes of M. aeruginosa K-139 retained short stretches of DNA homologous to halogenase genes involved in the synthesis of halogenated cyclic peptides of the cyanopeptolin class including anabaenopeptilides. This suggests that the mcn clusters of M. aeruginosa K-139 have lost the halogenase genes during evolution. Finally, a comparative bioinformatics analysis of the congenial gene cluster for depsipetide biosynthesis suggested the diversification and propagation of the NRPS genes in cyanobacteria.	1
Title: Microsclerodermins from terrestrial myxobacteria: an intriguing biosynthesis likely connected to a sponge symbiont Abstract: The microsclerodermins are unusual peptide natural products exhibiting potent antifungal activity reported from marine sponges of the genera Microscleroderma and Theonella . We here describe a variety of microbial producers of microsclerodermins and pedeins among myxobacteria along with the isolation of several new derivatives. A retrobiosynthetic approach led to the identification of microsclerodermin biosynthetic gene clusters in genomes of Sorangium and Jahnella species, allowing for the first time insights into the intriguing hybrid PKS/NRPS machinery required for microsclerodermin formation. This study reveals the biosynthesis of a "marine natural product" in a terrestrial myxobacterium where even the identical structure is available from both sources. Thus, the newly identified terrestrial producers provide access to additional chemical diversity; moreover, they are clearly more amenable to production optimization and genetic modification than the original source from the marine habitat. As sponge metagenome data strongly suggest the presence of associated myxobacteria, our findings underpin the recent notion that many previously described "sponge metabolites" might in fact originate from such microbial symbionts.	1
Title: Identification of the gene cluster involved in muraymycin biosynthesis from Streptomyces sp. NRRL 30471 Abstract: Muraymycin, a potent translocase I inhibitor with clinical potential, is produced by Streptomyces sp. NRRL 30471. The structure of muraymycin is highly unusual and contains the hexahydro-2-imino-4-pyrimidylglycyl moiety (epicapreomycidine) and an ureido bond. Here we report the identification of the muraymycin gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. NRRL 30471. Sequencing analysis of a 43.4-kb contiguous region revealed 33 ORFs, 26 of which were proposed to be involved in muraymycin biosynthesis. Independent targeted inactivation of mur16 and mur17 directly abolished muraymycin production, demonstrating the role of the genes essential for muraymycin biosynthesis. These data provide insights into the molecular mechanisms for muraymycin biosynthesis, and lay a foundation for the generation of muraymycin derivatives with enhanced bioactivity via the strategies of combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of a Mycobacterium tuberculosis gene cluster encoding the biosynthetic enzymes for assembly of the virulence-conferring siderophore mycobactin Abstract: Background:                       Many pathogenic bacteria secrete iron-chelating siderophores as virulence factors in the iron-limiting environments of their vertebrate hosts to compete for ferric iron. Mycobacterium tuberculosis mycobactins are mixed polyketide/nonribosomal peptides that contain a hydroxyaryloxazoline cap and two N-hydroxyamides that together create a high-affinity site for ferric ion. The mycobactin structure is analogous to that of the yersiniabactin and vibriobactin siderophores from the bacteria that cause plague and cholera, respectively.                  Results:                       A ten-gene cluster spanning 24 kilobases of the M. tuberculosis genome, designated mbtA-J, contains the core components necessary for mycobactin biogenesis. The gene products MbtB, MbtE and MbtF are proposed to be peptide synthetases, MbtC and MbtD polyketide synthases, MbtI an isochorismate synthase that provides a salicylate activated by MbtA, and MbtG a required hydroxylase. An aryl carrier protein (ArCP) domain is encoded in mbtB, and is probably the site of siderophore chain initiation. Overproduction and purification of the mbtB ArCP domain and MbtA in Escherichia coli allowed validation of the mycobactin initiation hypothesis, as sequential action of PptT (a phosphopantetheinyl transferase) and MbtA (a salicyl-AMP ligase) resulted in the mbtB ArCP domain being activated as salicyl-S-ArCP.                  Conclusions:                       Mycobactins are produced in M. tuberculosis using a polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase strategy. The mycobactin gene cluster has organizational homologies to the yersiniabactin and enterobactin synthetase genes. Enzymatic targets for inhibitor design and therapeutic intervention are suggested by the similar ferric-ion ligation strategies used in the siderophores from Mycobacteria, Yersinia and E. coli pathogens.	1
Title: Novel features in a combined polyketide synthase/non-ribosomal peptide synthetase: the myxalamid biosynthetic gene cluster of the myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca Sga15 Abstract: Background:                       Myxobacteria have been well established as a potent source for natural products with biological activity. They produce a considerable variety of compounds which represent typical polyketide structures with incorporated amino acids (e.g. the epothilons, the myxothiazols and the myxalamids). Several of these secondary metabolites are effective inhibitors of the electron transport via the respiratory chain and have been widely used. Molecular cloning and characterization of the genes governing the biosynthesis of these structures is of considerable interest, because such information adds to the limited knowledge as to how polyketide synthases (PKSs) and non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) interact and how they might be manipulated in order to form novel antibiotics.                  Results:                       A DNA region of approximately 50000 base pairs from Stigmatella aurantiaca Sga15 was sequenced and shown by gene disruption to be involved in myxalamid biosynthesis. Sequence analysis reveals that the myxalamids are formed by a combined PKS/NRPS system. The terminal NRPS MxaA extends the assembled polyketide chain of the myxalamids with alanine. MxaA contains an N-terminal domain with homology to NAD binding proteins, which is responsible during the biogenesis for a novel type of reductive chain release giving rise to the 2-amino-propanol moiety of the myxalamids. The last module of the PKS reveals an unprecedented genetic organization; it is encoded on two genes (mxaB1 and mxaB2), subdividing the domains of one module from each other. A sequence comparison of myxobacterial acyl-transferase domains with known systems from streptomycetes and bacilli reveals that consensus sequences proposed to be specific for methylmalonyl-CoA and malonyl-CoA are not always reliable.                  Conclusions:                       The complete biosynthetic gene cluster of the myxalamid-type electron transport inhibitor from S. aurantiaca Sga15 has been cloned and analyzed. It represents one of the few examples of combined PKS/NRPS systems, the analysis and manipulation of which has the potential to generate novel hybrid structures via combinatorial biosynthesis (e.g. via module-swapping techniques). Additionally, a new type of reductive release from PKS/NRPS systems is described.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of myxochromides S1-3 in Stigmatella aurantiaca: evidence for an iterative bacterial type I polyketide synthase and for module skipping in nonribosomal peptide biosynthesis Abstract: The myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1 harbours an astonishing variety of secondary metabolic gene clusters, at least two of which were found by gene inactivation experiments to be connected to the biosynthesis of previously unknown metabolites. In this study, we elucidate the structures of myxochromides S1-3, novel cyclic pentapeptide natural products possessing unsaturated polyketide side chains, and identify the corresponding biosynthetic gene locus, made up of six nonribosomal peptide synthetase modules. By analyzing the deduced substrate specificities of the adenylation domains, it is shown that module 4 is most probably skipped during the biosynthetic process. The polyketide synthase MchA harbours only one module and is presumably responsible for the formation of the variable complete polyketide side chains. These data indicate that MchA is responsible for an unusual iterative polyketide chain assembly.	1
Title: New lessons for combinatorial biosynthesis from myxobacteria. The myxothiazol biosynthetic gene cluster of Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1 Abstract: The biosynthetic mta gene cluster responsible for myxothiazol formation from the fruiting body forming myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1 was sequenced and analyzed. Myxothiazol, an inhibitor of the electron transport via the bc(1)-complex of the respiratory chain, is biosynthesized by a unique combination of several polyketide synthases (PKS) and nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS), which are activated by the 4'-phosphopantetheinyl transferase MtaA. Genomic replacement of a fragment of mtaB and insertion of a kanamycin resistance gene into mtaA both impaired myxothiazol synthesis. Genes mtaC and mtaD encode the enzymes for bis-thiazol(ine) formation and chain extension on one pure NRPS (MtaC) and on a unique combination of PKS and NRPS (MtaD). The genes mtaE and mtaF encode PKSs including peptide fragments with homology to methyltransferases. These methyltransferase modules are assumed to be necessary for the formation of the proposed methoxy- and beta-methoxy-acrylate intermediates of myxothiazol biosynthesis. The last gene of the cluster, mtaG, again resembles a NRPS and provides insight into the mechanism of the formation of the terminal amide of myxothiazol. The carbon backbone of an amino acid added to the myxothiazol-acid is assumed to be removed via an unprecedented module with homology to monooxygenases within MtaG.	1
Title: Myxovirescin A biosynthesis is directed by hybrid polyketide synthases/nonribosomal peptide synthetase, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA synthases, and trans-acting acyltransferases Abstract: Myxococcus xanthus DK1622 is shown to be a producer of myxovirescin (antibiotic TA) antibiotics. The myxovirescin biosynthetic gene cluster spans at least 21 open reading frames (ORFs) and covers a chromosomal region of approximately 83 kb. In silico analysis of myxovirescin ORFs in conjunction with genetic studies suggests the involvement of four type I polyketide synthases (PKSs; TaI, TaL, TaO, and TaP), one major hybrid PKS/NRPS (Ta-1), and a number of monofunctional enzymes similar to the ones involved in type II fatty-acid biosynthesis (FAB). Whereas deletion of either taI or taL causes a dramatic drop in myxovirescin production, deletion of both genes (DeltataIL) leads to the complete loss of myxovirescin production. These results suggest that both TaI and TaL PKSs might act in conjunction with a methyltransferase, reductases, and a monooxygenase to produce the 2-hydroxyvaleryl-S-ACP starter that is proposed to act as the biosynthetic primer in the initial condensation reaction with glycine. Polymerization of the remaining 11 acetates required for lactone formation is directed by 12 modules of Ta-1, TaO, and TaP megasynthetases. All modules, except for the first module of TaL, lack cognate acyltransferase (AT) domains. Furthermore, deletion of a discrete tandem AT-encoded by taV-blocks myxovirescin production; this suggests an "in trans" mode of action. To embellish the macrocycle with methyl and ethyl moieties, assembly of the myxovirescin scaffold is proposed to switch twice from PKS to 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA (HMG-CoA)-like biochemistry during biosynthesis. Disruption of the S-adenosylmethionine (SAM)-dependent methyltransferase, TaQ, shifts production toward two novel myxovirescin analogues, designated myxovirescin Q(a) and myxovirescin Q(c). NMR analysis of purified myxovirescin Q(a) revealed the loss of the methoxy carbon atom. This novel analogue lacks bioactivity against E. coli.	1
Title: Identification of a hybrid PKS-NRPS required for the biosynthesis of NG-391 in Metarhizium robertsii Abstract: The fungal entomopathogen Metarhizium robertsii (formerly known as M. anisopliae var. anisopliae) is a prolific producer of secondary metabolites of which very little is known at the genetic level. To establish the genetic bases for the biosynthesis of the mutagenic compound NG- 391, we identified a 19,818 kb genomic region harboring the predicted hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase NGS1, plus five additional ORFs. NGS1 knockouts generated by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation failed to produce detectable levels of NG-391, indicating the involvement of this locus in its biosynthesis. NGS1 deletion mutants had no significant changes in virulence levels against larvae of Spodoptera exigua and in resistance to hydrogen peroxide-generated oxidative stress compared to the wild-type strain. All 6 ORFs were expressed in medium supporting production of NG-391, and NGS1 was expressed during the interaction with the S. exigua host. The use of an NGS1 promoter-GFP reporter fusion showed that during in vitro growth in still broth cultures, NGS1 expression is restricted to the early exponential phase and is affected by M. robertsii cell density.	1
Title: Identification of nocobactin NA biosynthetic gene clusters in Nocardia farcinica Abstract: We identified the biosynthetic gene clusters of the siderophore nocobactin NA. The nbt clusters, which were discovered as genes highly homologous to the mycobactin biosynthesis genes by the genomic sequencing of Nocardia farcinica IFM 10152, consist of 10 genes separately located at two genomic regions. The gene organization of the nbt clusters and the predicted functions of the nbt genes, particularly the cyclization and epimerization domains, were in good agreement with the chemical structure of nocobactin NA. Disruptions of the nbtA and nbtE genes, respectively, reduced and abolished the productivity of nocobactin NA. The heterologous expression of the nbtS gene revealed that this gene encoded a salicylate synthase. These results indicate that the nbt clusters are responsible for the biosynthesis of nocobactin NA. We also found putative IdeR-binding sequences upstream of the nbtA, -G, -H, -S, and -T genes, whose expression was more than 10-fold higher in the low-iron condition than in the high-iron condition. These results suggest that nbt genes are regulated coordinately by IdeR protein in an iron-dependent manner. The ΔnbtE mutant was found to be impaired in cytotoxicity against J774A.1 cells, suggesting that nocobactin NA production is required for virulence of N. farcinica.	1
Title: Sequence analysis and biochemical characterization of the nostopeptolide A biosynthetic gene cluster from Nostoc sp. GSV224 Abstract: The cloning, sequencing, annotation and biochemical analysis of the nostopeptolide (nos) biosynthetic gene cluster from the terrestrial cyanobacterium Nostoc sp. GSV224 is described. Nostopeptolides A1 and A2 are cyclic peptide-polyketide hybrid natural products possessing nine amino acid residues, a butyric acid group, and an internal acetate-derived unit that are linked by peptide and ester bonds. The nos gene cluster includes eight ORFs encompassing 40 kb and includes most of the genes predicted to be involved in the biosynthesis and transport of this group of nonapeptolides. The genetic architecture and domain organization of the nos synthetase, a mixed non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase, is co-linear in arrangement with respect to the putative order of the biosynthetic assembly of the lipopeptolide. Biochemical analysis of the NosA1, NosC1 and NosD1 adenylation domains coupled with the recent characterization of the nosE and nosF gene products, which are involved in the biosynthesis of the rare non-proteinogenic amino acid residue L-4-methylproline from L-leucine, support the involvement of this gene cluster in nostopeptolide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Nostophycin biosynthesis is directed by a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase in the toxic cyanobacterium Nostoc sp. strain 152 Abstract: Cyanobacteria are a rich source of natural products with interesting pharmaceutical properties. Here, we report the identification, sequencing, annotation, and biochemical analysis of the nostophycin (npn) biosynthetic gene cluster. The npn gene cluster spans 45.1 kb and consists of three open reading frames encoding a polyketide synthase, a mixed polyketide nonribosomal peptide synthetase, and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase. The genetic architecture and catalytic domain organization of the proteins are colinear in arrangement, with the putative order of the biosynthetic assembly of the cyclic heptapeptide. NpnB contains an embedded monooxygenase domain linking nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and polyketide synthase (PKS) catalytic domains and predicted here to hydroxylate the nostophycin during assembly. Expression of the adenylation domains and subsequent substrate specificity assays support the involvement of this cluster in nostophycin biosynthesis. Biochemical analyses suggest that the loading substrate of NpnA is likely to be a phenylpropanoic acid necessitating deletion of a carbon atom to explain the biosynthesis of nostophycin. Biosyntheses of nostophycin and microcystin resemble each other, but the phylogenetic analyses suggest that they are distantly related to one another.	1
Title: Cloning a part of the ochratoxin A biosynthetic gene cluster of Penicillium nordicum and characterization of the ochratoxin polyketide synthase gene Abstract: Penicillium nordicum is a fungal species able to produce high amounts of ochratoxin A. A 10kb genomic DNA fragment of P. nordicumn has been cloned which carries three long open reading frames. One open reading frame (otapksPN) has homology to fungal polyketide synthases. The second open reading frame (npsPN) has homology to non-ribosomal peptide synthetases and the third open reading frame (aspPN) has homology to fungal alkaline serine proteinases. The non-ribosomal peptide synthetase and the polyketide synthase are convergently transcribed. Interestingly, the polyketide synthase can be identified by PCR only in P. nordicum strains and not in the related species Penicillium verrucosum or in ochratoxigenic Aspergillus species, indicating that the ochratoxin polyketide synthases are different in the important ochratoxigenic species. In contrast, the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase can be identified in P. nordicum and P. verrucosum, but not in other species. An inactivation of the polyketide synthase resulted in strains with abolished capacity to produce ochratoxin A. Expression of the polyketide synthase correlates with ochratoxin A biosynthesis.	1
Title: A Consensus Ochratoxin A Biosynthetic Pathway: Insights from the Genome Sequence of Aspergillus ochraceus and a Comparative Genomic Analysis Abstract: Ochratoxin A (OTA) is a toxic secondary metabolite produced by Aspergillus and Penicillium species that widely contaminates food and feed. We sequenced and assembled the complete ∼37-Mb genome of Aspergillusochraceus fc-1, a well-known producer of OTA. Key genes of the OTA biosynthetic pathway were identified by comparative genomic analyses with five other sequenced OTA-producing fungi: A. carbonarius, A. niger, A. steynii, A. westerdijkiae, and Penicillium nordicum OTA production was completely inhibited in the deletion mutants (ΔotaA, ΔotaB, ΔotaC, ΔotaD, and ΔotaR1), and OTA biosynthesis was restored by feeding a postblock substrate to the corresponding mutant. The OTA biosynthetic pathway was unblocked in the ΔotaD mutant by the addition of heterologously expressed halogenase. OTA biosynthesis begins with a polyketide synthase (PKS), OtaA, utilizing acetyl coenzyme A (acetyl-CoA) and malonyl-CoA to synthesize 7-methylmellein, which is oxidized to OTβ by cytochrome P450 monooxygenase (OtaC). OTβ and l-β-phenylalanine are combined by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), OtaB, to form an amide bond to synthesize OTB. Finally, OTB is chlorinated by a halogenase (OtaD) to OTA. The otaABCD genes were expressed at low levels in the ΔotaR1 mutant. A second regulator, otaR2, which is adjacent to the biosynthetic gene, could modulate only the expression of otaA, otaB, and otaD Thus, we have identified a consensus OTA biosynthetic pathway that can be used to prevent and control OTA synthesis and will help us understand the variation and production of the intermediate components in the biosynthetic pathway.IMPORTANCE Ochratoxin A (OTA) is a significant mycotoxin that contaminates cereal products, coffee, grapes, wine, cheese, and meat. OTA is nephrotoxic, carcinogenic, teratogenic, and immunotoxic. OTA contamination is a serious threat to food safety, endangers human health, and can cause huge economic losses. At present, >20 species of the genera Aspergillus and Penicillium are known to produce OTA. Here we demonstrate that a consensus OTA biosynthetic pathway exists in all OTA-producing fungi and is encoded by a gene cluster containing four highly conserved biosynthetic genes and a bZIP transcription factor.	1
Title: Description of an orthologous cluster of ochratoxin A biosynthetic genes in Aspergillus and Penicillium species. A comparative analysis Abstract: Ochratoxin A (OTA) is one of the most important mycotoxins due to its toxic properties and worldwide distribution which is produced by several Aspergillus and Penicillium species. The knowledge of OTA biosynthetic genes and understanding of the mechanisms involved in their regulation are essential. In this work, we obtained a clear picture of biosynthetic genes organization in the main OTA-producing Aspergillus and Penicillium species (A. steynii, A. westerdijkiae, A. niger, A. carbonarius and P. nordicum) using complete genome sequences obtained in this work or previously available on databases. The results revealed a region containing five ORFs which predicted five proteins: halogenase, bZIP transcription factor, cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, non-ribosomal peptide synthetase and polyketide synthase in all the five species. Genetic synteny was conserved in both Penicillium and Aspergillus species although genomic location seemed to be different since the clusters presented different flanking regions (except for A. steynii and A. westerdijkiae); these observations support the hypothesis of the orthology of this genomic region and that it might have been acquired by horizontal transfer. New real-time RT-PCR assays for quantification of the expression of these OTA biosynthetic genes were developed. In all species, the five genes were consistently expressed in OTA-producing strains in permissive conditions. These protocols might favour futures studies on the regulation of biosynthetic genes in order to develop new efficient control methods to avoid OTA entering the food chain.	1
Title: Bacterial biosynthetic gene clusters encoding the anti-cancer haterumalide class of molecules: biogenesis of the broad spectrum antifungal and anti-oomycete compound, oocydin A Abstract: Haterumalides are halogenated macrolides with strong antitumor properties, making them attractive targets for chemical synthesis. Unfortunately, current synthetic routes to these molecules are inefficient. The potent haterumalide, oocydin A, was previously identified from two plant-associated bacteria through its high bioactivity against plant pathogenic fungi and oomycetes. In this study, we describe oocydin A (ooc) biosynthetic gene clusters identified by genome sequencing, comparative genomics, and chemical analysis in four plant-associated enterobacteria of the Serratia and Dickeya genera. Disruption of the ooc gene cluster abolished oocydin A production and bioactivity against fungi and oomycetes. The ooc gene clusters span between 77 and 80 kb and encode five multimodular polyketide synthase (PKS) proteins, a hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA synthase cassette and three flavin-dependent tailoring enzymes. The presence of two free-standing acyltransferase proteins classifies the oocydin A gene cluster within the growing family of trans-AT PKSs. The amino acid sequences and organization of the PKS domains are consistent with the chemical predictions and functional peculiarities associated with trans-acyltransferase PKS. Based on extensive in silico analysis of the gene cluster, we propose a biosynthetic model for the production of oocydin A and, by extension, for other members of the haterumalide family of halogenated macrolides exhibiting anti-cancer, anti-fungal, and other interesting biological properties.	1
Title: Biological effects of paenilamicin, a secondary metabolite antibiotic produced by the honey bee pathogenic bacterium Paenibacillus larvae Abstract: Paenibacillus larvae is the etiological agent of American Foulbrood (AFB) a world-wide distributed devastating disease of the honey bee brood. Previous comparative genome analysis and more recently, the elucidation of the bacterial genome, provided evidence that this bacterium harbors putative functional nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and polyketide synthases (PKSs) and therefore, might produce nonribosomal peptides (NRPs) and polyketides (PKs). Such biosynthesis products have been shown to display a wide-range of biological activities such as antibacterial, antifungal or cytotoxic activity. Herein we present an in silico analysis of the first NRPS/PKS hybrid of P. larvae and we show the involvement of this cluster in the production of a compound named paenilamicin (Pam). For the characterization of its in vitro and in vivo bioactivity, a knock-out mutant strain lacking the production of Pam was constructed and subsequently compared to wild-type species. This led to the identification of Pam by mass spectrometry. Purified Pam-fractions showed not only antibacterial but also antifungal and cytotoxic activities. The latter suggested a direct effect of Pam on honey bee larval death which could, however, not be corroborated in laboratory infection assays. Bee larvae infected with the non-producing Pam strain showed no decrease in larval mortality, but a delay in the onset of larval death. We propose that Pam, although not essential for larval mortality, is a virulence factor of P. larvae influencing the time course of disease. These findings are not only of significance in elucidating and understanding host-pathogen interactions but also within the context of the quest for new compounds with antibiotic activity for drug development.	1
Title: Paenilamicin: structure and biosynthesis of a hybrid nonribosomal peptide/polyketide antibiotic from the bee pathogen Paenibacillus larvae Abstract: The spore-forming bacterium Paenibacillus larvae is the causative agent of American Foulbrood (AFB), a fatal disease of honey bees that occurs worldwide. Previously, we identified a complex hybrid nonribosomal peptide/polyketide synthesis (NRPS/PKS) gene cluster in the genome of P. larvae. Herein, we present the isolation and structure elucidation of the antibacterial and antifungal products of this gene cluster, termed paenilamicins. The unique structures of the paenilamicins give deep insight into the underlying complex hybrid NRPS/PKS biosynthetic machinery. Bee larval co-infection assays reveal that the paenilamicins are employed by P. larvae in fighting ecological niche competitors and are not directly involved in killing the bee larvae. Their antibacterial and antifungal activities qualify the paenilamicins as attractive candidates for drug development.	1
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of the pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster in the fungus Glarea lozoyensis Abstract: Background:                       The antifungal therapy caspofungin is a semi-synthetic derivative of pneumocandin B0, a lipohexapeptide produced by the fungus Glarea lozoyensis, and was the first member of the echinocandin class approved for human therapy. The nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-polyketide synthases (PKS) gene cluster responsible for pneumocandin biosynthesis from G. lozoyensis has not been elucidated to date. In this study, we report the elucidation of the pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster by whole genome sequencing of the G. lozoyensis wild-type strain ATCC 20868.                  Results:                       The pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster contains a NRPS (GLNRPS4) and a PKS (GLPKS4) arranged in tandem, two cytochrome P450 monooxygenases, seven other modifying enzymes, and genes for L-homotyrosine biosynthesis, a component of the peptide core. Thus, the pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster is significantly more autonomous and organized than that of the recently characterized echinocandin B gene cluster. Disruption mutants of GLNRPS4 and GLPKS4 no longer produced the pneumocandins (A0 and B0), and the Δglnrps4 and Δglpks4 mutants lost antifungal activity against the human pathogenic fungus Candida albicans. In addition to pneumocandins, the G. lozoyensis genome encodes a rich repertoire of natural product-encoding genes including 24 PKSs, six NRPSs, five PKS-NRPS hybrids, two dimethylallyl tryptophan synthases, and 14 terpene synthases.                  Conclusions:                       Characterization of the gene cluster provides a blueprint for engineering new pneumocandin derivatives with improved pharmacological properties. Whole genome estimation of the secondary metabolite-encoding genes from G. lozoyensis provides yet another example of the huge potential for drug discovery from natural products from the fungal kingdom.	1
Title: Pneumocandin biosynthesis: involvement of a trans-selective proline hydroxylase Abstract: Echinocandins are cyclic nonribosomal hexapeptides based mostly on nonproteinogenic amino acids and displaying strong antifungal activity. Despite previous studies on their biosynthesis by fungi, the origin of three amino acids, trans-4- and trans-3-hydroxyproline, as well as trans-3-hydroxy-4-methylproline, is still unknown. Here we describe the identification, overexpression, and characterization of GloF, the first eukaryotic α-ketoglutarate/Fe(II) -dependent proline hydroxylase from the pneumocandin biosynthesis cluster of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis ATCC 74030. In in vitro transformations with L-proline, GloF generates trans-4- and trans-3-hydroxyproline simultaneously in a ratio of 8:1; the latter reaction was previously unknown for proline hydroxylase catalysis. trans-4-Methyl-L-proline is converted into the corresponding trans-3-hydroxyproline. All three hydroxyprolines required for the biosynthesis of the echinocandins pneumocandins A0 and B0 in G. lozoyensis are thus provided by GloF. Sequence analyses revealed that GloF is not related to bacterial proline hydroxylases, and none of the putative proteins with high sequence similarity in the databases has been characterized so far.	1
Title: Engineering of New Pneumocandin Side-Chain Analogues from Glarea lozoyensis by Mutasynthesis and Evaluation of Their Antifungal Activity Abstract: Pneumocandins are lipohexapeptides of the echinocandin family that inhibit fungal 1,3-β-glucan synthase. Most of the pathway steps have been identified previously. However, the lipoinitiation reaction has not yet been experimentally verified. Herein, we investigate the lipoinitiation step of pneumocandin biosynthesis in Glarea lozoyensis and demonstrate that the gene product, GLligase, catalyzes this step. Disruption of GLHYD, a gene encoding a putative type II thioesterase and sitting upstream of the pneumocandin acyl side chain synthase gene, GLPKS4, revealed that GLHYD was necessary for optimal function of GLPKS4 and to attain normal levels of pneumocandin production. Double disruption of GLHYD and GLPKS4 did not affect residual function of the GLligase or GLNRPS4. Mutasynthesis experiments with a gene disruption mutant of GLPKS4 afforded us an opportunity to test the substrate specificity of GLligase in the absence of its native polyketide side chain to diversify pneumocandins with substituted side chains. Feeding alternative side chain precursors yielded acrophiarin and four new pneumocandin congeners with straight C14, C15, and C16 side chains. A comprehensive biological evaluation showed that one compound, pneumocandin I (5), has elevated antifungal activity and similar hemolytic activity compared to pneumocandin B0, the starting molecule for caspofungin. This study demonstrates that the lipoinitiation mechanism in pneumocandin biosynthesis involves interaction among a highly reducing PKS, a putative type II thioesterase, and an acyl AMP-ligase. A comparison of the SAR among pneumocandins with different-length acyl side chains demonstrated the potential for using GLligase for future engineering of new echinocandin analogues.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of polyoxypeptin A, a potent apoptosis inducer Abstract: Background:                       Polyoxypeptin A was isolated from a culture broth of Streptomyces sp. MK498-98 F14, which has a potent apoptosis-inducing activity towards human pancreatic carcinoma AsPC-1 cells. Structurally, polyoxypeptin A is composed of a C₁₅ acyl side chain and a nineteen-membered cyclodepsipeptide core that consists of six unusual nonproteinogenic amino acid residues (N-hydroxyvaline, 3-hydroxy-3-methylproline, 5-hydroxypiperazic acid, N-hydroxyalanine, piperazic acid, and 3-hydroxyleucine) at high oxidation states.                  Results:                       A gene cluster containing 37 open reading frames (ORFs) has been sequenced and analyzed for the biosynthesis of polyoxypeptin A. We constructed 12 specific gene inactivation mutants, most of which abolished the production of polyoxypeptin A and only ΔplyM mutant accumulated a dehydroxylated analogue polyoxypeptin B. Based on bioinformatics analysis and genetic data, we proposed the biosynthetic pathway of polyoxypeptin A and biosynthetic models of six unusual amino acid building blocks and a PKS extender unit.                  Conclusions:                       The identified gene cluster and proposed pathway for the biosynthesis of polyoxypeptin A will pave a way to understand the biosynthetic mechanism of the azinothricin family natural products and provide opportunities to apply combinatorial biosynthesis strategy to create more useful compounds.	1
Title: Elucidation of pseurotin biosynthetic pathway points to trans-acting C-methyltransferase: generation of chemical diversity Abstract: Pseurotins comprise a family of structurally related Aspergillal natural products having interesting bioactivity. However, little is known about the biosynthetic steps involved in the formation of their complex chemical features. Systematic deletion of the pseurotin biosynthetic genes in A. fumigatus and in vivo and in vitro characterization of the tailoring enzymes to determine the biosynthetic intermediates, and the gene products responsible for the formation of each intermediate, are described. Thus, the main biosynthetic steps leading to the formation of pseurotin A from the predominant precursor, azaspirene, were elucidated. The study revealed the combinatorial nature of the biosynthesis of the pseurotin family of compounds and the intermediates. Most interestingly, we report the first identification of an epoxidase C-methyltransferase bifunctional fusion protein PsoF which appears to methylate the nascent polyketide backbone carbon atom in trans.	1
Title: Pseurotin A and its analogues as inhibitors of immunoglobulin E [correction of immunoglobuline E] production Abstract: A natural product, pseurotin A inhibits IgE production in vitro. Wide variety of chemical modification of pseurotin A was performed. Structure-activity relationship studies of pseurotin analogues elucidated that 10-deoxypseurotin A strongly inhibits IgE production with IC(50) of 0.066 microM. An immunosuppressive activity of another natural product, synerazol was also found.	1
Title: Identification of a hybrid PKS/NRPS required for pseurotin A biosynthesis in the human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: The genome sequence of Aspergillus fumigatus revealed the presence of a single hybrid polyketide synthase-non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS/NRPS) gene that is present within a cluster of five genes suggestive of its involvement in secondary metabolism. Here, we present evidence that it is required for the biosynthesis of pseurotin A, a compound with an unusual heterospirocyclic gamma-lactam structure. We have confirmed that the genome reference strain A. fumigatus Af293 produces pseurotin A, a compound previously reported to be a competitive inhibitor of chitin synthase and an inducer of nerve-cell proliferation. Deletion or overexpression of the PKS/NRPS gene psoA in A. fumigatus leads to the absence or accumulation of pseurotin A, respectively; this indicates that this gene is essential for the biosynthesis of pseurotin A. It is likely that the first product of psoA is converted to pseurotin A by the products of other genes in this cluster.	1
Title: Genetic insights into pyralomicin biosynthesis in Nonomuraea spiralis IMC A-0156 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the pyralomicin antibiotics has been cloned and sequenced from Nonomuraea spiralis IMC A-0156. The 41 kb gene cluster contains 27 ORFs predicted to encode all of the functions for pyralomicin biosynthesis. This includes nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) and polyketide synthases (PKS) required for the formation of the benzopyranopyrrole core unit, as well as a suite of tailoring enzymes (e.g., four halogenases, an O-methyltransferase, and an N-glycosyltransferase) necessary for further modifications of the core structure. The N-glycosyltransferase is predicted to transfer either glucose or a pseudosugar (cyclitol) to the aglycone. A gene cassette encoding C7-cyclitol biosynthetic enzymes was identified upstream of the benzopyranopyrrole-specific ORFs. Targeted disruption of the gene encoding the N-glycosyltransferase, prlH, abolished pyralomicin production, and recombinant expression of PrlA confirms the activity of this enzyme as a sugar phosphate cyclase involved in the formation of the C7-cyclitol moiety.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the cyclitol moiety of pyralomicin 1a in Nonomuraea spiralis MI178-34F18 Abstract: The biosynthetic pathway leading to the cyclitol moiety of pyralomicin 1a (1) in Nonomuraea spiralis MI178-34F18 has been studied using a series of 2H-labeled potential precursors. The results demonstrate that 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone (7), a common precursor for acarbose (4) and validamycin A (5) biosynthesis, is an immediate precursor of pyralomicin 1a. 5-epi-Valiolone (8) was also incorporated into 1, albeit less efficiently than 7. Other potential intermediates, such as valiolone (9), valienone (10), valienol (11), 1-epi-valienol (12), 5-epi-valiolol (13), and 1-epi-5-epi-valiolol (14) were not incorporated into pyralomicin 1a. To explain this surprising observation, it is proposed that either 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone (7) is specifically activated (e.g., to its phosphate) and that the further transformations take place on activated intermediates (which can not be generated directly from their unactivated counterparts), or that the transformation of 7 into 1 involves a substrate-channeling mechanism in which enzyme-bound intermediates are directly transferred from one enzyme active site to the next in a multi-enzyme complex.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the pyridomycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces pyridomyceticus NRRL B-2517 Abstract: Pyridomycin is a structurally unique antimycobacterial cyclodepsipeptide containing rare 3-(3-pyridyl)-l-alanine and 2-hydroxy-3-methylpent-2-enoic acid moieties. The biosynthetic gene cluster for pyridomycin has been cloned and identified from Streptomyces pyridomyceticus NRRL B-2517. Sequence analysis of a 42.5-kb DNA region revealed 26 putative open reading frames, including two nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes and a polyketide synthase gene. A special feature is the presence of a polyketide synthase-type ketoreductase domain embedded in an NRPS. Furthermore, we showed that PyrA functioned as an NRPS adenylation domain that activates 3-hydroxypicolinic acid and transfers it to a discrete peptidyl carrier protein, PyrU, which functions as a loading module that initiates pyridomycin biosynthesis in vivo and in vitro. PyrA could also activate other aromatic acids, generating three pyridomycin analogues in vivo.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyketide immunosuppressant rapamycin Abstract: The macrocyclic polyketides rapamycin and FK506 are potent immunosuppressants that prevent T-cell proliferation through specific binding to intracellular protein receptors (immunophilins). The cloning and specific alteration of the biosynthetic genes for these polyketides might allow the biosynthesis of clinically valuable analogues. We report here that three clustered polyketide synthase genes responsible for rapamycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces hygroscopicus together encode 14 homologous sets of enzyme activities (modules), each catalyzing a specific round of chain elongation. An adjacent gene encodes a pipecolate-incorporating enzyme, which completes the macrocycle. The total of 70 constituent active sites makes this the most complex multienzyme system identified so far. The DNA region sequenced (107.3 kbp) contains 24 additional open reading frames, some of which code for proteins governing other key steps in rapamycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Organisation of the biosynthetic gene cluster for rapamycin in Streptomyces hygroscopicus: analysis of genes flanking the polyketide synthase Abstract: Analysis of the gene cluster from Streptomyces hygroscopicus that governs the biosynthesis of the polyketide immuno-suppressant rapamycin (Rp) has revealed that it contains three exceptionally large open reading frames (ORFs) encoding the modular polyketide synthase (PKS). Between two of these lies a fourth gene (rapP) encoding a pipecolate-incorporating enzyme that probably also catalyzes closure of the macrolide ring. On either side of these very large genes are ranged a total of 22 further ORFs before the limits of the cluster are reached, as judged by the identification of genes clearly encoding unrelated activities. Several of these ORFs appear to encode enzymes that would be required for Rp biosynthesis. These include two cytochrome P-450 monooxygenases (P450s), designated RapJ and RapN, an associated ferredoxin (Fd) RapO, and three potential SAM-dependent O-methyltransferases (MTases), RapI, RapM and RapQ. All of these are likely to be involved in 'late' modification of the macrocycle. The cluster also contains a novel gene (rapL) whose product is proposed to catalyze the formation of the Rp precursor, L-pipecolate, through the cyclodeamination of L-lysine. Adjacent genes have putative roles in Rp regulation and export. The codon usage of the PKS biosynthetic genes is markedly different from that of the flanking genes of the cluster.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for rapamycin in Streptomyces hygroscopicus: analysis of the enzymatic domains in the modular polyketide synthase Abstract: The three giant multifunctional polypeptides of the rapamycin (Rp)-producing polyketide synthase (RAPS1, RAPS2 and RAPS3) have recently been shown to contain 14 separate sets, or modules, of enzyme activities, each module catalysing a specific round of polyketide chain extension. Detailed sequence comparison between these protein modules has allowed further characterisation of aa that may be important in catalysis or specificity. The acyl-carrier protein (ACP), beta-ketoacyl-ACP synthase (KS) and acyltransferase (AT) domains (the core domains) have an extremely high degree of mutual sequence homology. The KS domains in particular are almost perfect repeats over their entire length. Module 14 shows the least homology and is unique in possessing only core domains. The enoyl reductase (ER), beta-ketoacyl-ACP reductase (KR) and dehydratase (DH) domains are present even in certain modules where they are not apparently required. Four DH domains can be recognised as inactive by characteristic deletions in active site sequences, but for two others, and for KR and ER in module 3, the sequence is not distinguishable from that of active counterparts in other modules. The N terminus of RAPS1 contains a novel coenzyme A ligase (CL) domain that activates and attaches the shikimate-derived starter unit, and an ER activity that may modify the starter unit after attachment. The sequence comparison has revealed the surprisingly high sequence similarity between inter-domain 'linker' regions, and also a potential amphipathic helix at the N terminus of each multienzyme subunit which may promote dimerisation into active species.	1
Title: Total synthesis of salinosporamide A Abstract: Total synthesis of potent proteasome inhibitor salinosporamide A (1) has been accomplished, which features strictly substrate-controlled operations starting with the only chiral center of (R)-pyroglutamic acid. The consecutive quaternary carbons within 1 have been efficiently constructed by manipulation of two intramolecular reactions: (1) carbonate-mediated internal acylation of imidate ester (4 --> 14) and (2) selenocyclization of aldehyde to exocyclic methylene group (5 --> 18).	1
Title: A simple stereocontrolled synthesis of salinosporamide A Abstract: A simple and effective stereocontrolled synthesis of salinosporamide A has been developed. This process, the first synthesis of salinosporamide A, is capable of providing the compound in substantial quantities for further biological studies. Salinosporamide A was of special interest as a synthetic target because of its potent in vitro cytotoxic activity against many tumor cell lines (IC(50) values of 10 nM or less).	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of sanglifehrin A, a potent cyclophilin inhibitor Abstract: Sanglifehrin A (SFA), a potent cyclophilin inhibitor produced by Streptomyces flaveolus DSM 9954, bears a unique [5.5] spirolactam moiety conjugated with a 22-membered, highly functionalized macrolide through a linear carbon chain. SFA displays a diverse range of biological activities and offers significant therapeutic potential. However, the structural complexity of SFA poses a tremendous challenge for new analogue development via chemical synthesis. Based on a rational prediction of its biosynthetic origin, herein we report the cloning, sequencing and characterization of the gene cluster responsible for SFA biosynthesis. Analysis of the 92 776 bp contiguous DNA region reveals a mixed polyketide synthase (PKS)/non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) pathway which includes a variety of unique features for unusual PKS and NRPS building block formation. Our findings suggest that SFA biosynthesis requires a crotonyl-CoA reductase/carboxylase (CCR) for generation of the putative unusual PKS starter unit (2R)-2-ethylmalonamyl-CoA, an iterative type I PKS for the putative atypical extender unit (2S)-2-(2-oxo-butyl)malonyl-CoA and a phenylalanine hydroxylase for the NRPS extender unit (2S)-m-tyrosine. A spontaneous ketalization of significant note, may trigger spirolactam formation in a stereo-selective manner. This study provides a framework for the application of combinatorial biosynthesis methods in order to expand the structural diversity of SFA.	1
Title: Activation and characterization of a cryptic polycyclic tetramate macrolactam biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PTMs) are a widely distributed class of natural products with important biological activities. However, many of these PTMs have not been characterized. Here we apply a plug-and-play synthetic biology strategy to activate a cryptic PTM biosynthetic gene cluster SGR810-815 from Streptomyces griseus and discover three new PTMs. This gene cluster is highly conserved in phylogenetically diverse bacterial strains and contains an unusual hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase, which resembles iterative polyketide synthases known in fungi. To further characterize this gene cluster, we use the same synthetic biology approach to create a series of gene deletion constructs and elucidate the biosynthetic steps for the formation of the polycyclic system. The strategy we employ bypasses the traditional laborious processes to elicit gene cluster expression and should be generally applicable to many other silent or cryptic gene clusters for discovery and characterization of new natural products.	1
Title: The sirodesmin biosynthetic gene cluster of the plant pathogenic fungus Leptosphaeria maculans Abstract: Sirodesmin PL is a phytotoxin produced by the fungus Leptosphaeria maculans, which causes blackleg disease of canola (Brassica napus). This phytotoxin belongs to the epipolythiodioxopiperazine (ETP) class of toxins produced by fungi including mammalian and plant pathogens. We report the cloning of a cluster of genes with predicted roles in the biosynthesis of sirodesmin PL and show via gene disruption that one of these genes (encoding a two-module non-ribosomal peptide synthetase) is essential for sirodesmin PL biosynthesis. Of the nine genes in the cluster tested, all are co-regulated with the production of sirodesmin PL in culture. A similar cluster is present in the genome of the opportunistic human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus and is most likely responsible for the production of gliotoxin, which is also an ETP. Homologues of the genes in the cluster were also identified in expressed sequence tags of the ETP producing fungus Chaetomium globosum. Two other fungi with publicly available genome sequences, Magnaporthe grisea and Fusarium graminearum, had similar gene clusters. A comparative analysis of all four clusters is presented. This is the first report of the genes responsible for the biosynthesis of an ETP.	1
Title: A tyrosine O-prenyltransferase catalyses the first pathway-specific step in the biosynthesis of sirodesmin PL Abstract: A putative prenyltransferase gene sirD has been identified in the gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the phytotoxin sirodesmin PL in Leptosphaeria maculans. The gene product was found to comprise 449 aa, with a molecular mass of 51 kDa. In this study, the coding region of sirD was amplified by PCR from cDNA, cloned into pQE70, and overexpressed in Escherichia coli. The overproduced protein was purified to apparent homogeneity, and characterized biochemically. The dimeric recombinant SirD was found to catalyse the O-prenylation of L-Tyr in the presence of dimethylallyl diphosphate; this was demonstrated unequivocally by isolation and structural elucidation of the enzymic product. Therefore, SirD catalyses the first pathway-specific step in the biosynthesis of sirodesmin PL. K(m) values for L-Tyr and dimethylallyl diphosphate were determined as 0.13 and 0.17 mM, respectively. Interestingly, SirD was found to share significant sequence similarity with indole prenyltransferases, which catalyse prenyl transfer reactions onto different positions of indole rings. In contrast to indole prenyltransferases, which accept indole derivatives, but not Tyr or structures derived thereof, as substrates, SirD also prenylated L-Trp, resulting in the formation of 7-dimethylallyltryptophan. A K(m) value of 0.23 mM was determined for L-Trp. Turnover numbers of 1.0 and 0.06 S(-1) were calculated for L-Tyr and L-Trp, respectively.	1
Title: A Zn(II)2Cys6 DNA binding protein regulates the sirodesmin PL biosynthetic gene cluster in Leptosphaeria maculans Abstract: A gene, sirZ, encoding a Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) DNA binding protein is present in a cluster of genes responsible for the biosynthesis of the epipolythiodioxopiperazine (ETP) toxin, sirodesmin PL in the ascomycete plant pathogen, Leptosphaeria maculans. RNA-mediated silencing of sirZ gives rise to transformants that produce only residual amounts of sirodesmin PL and display a decrease in the transcription of several sirodesmin PL biosynthetic genes. This indicates that SirZ is a major regulator of this gene cluster. Proteins similar to SirZ are encoded in the gliotoxin biosynthetic gene cluster of Aspergillus fumigatus (gliZ) and in an ETP-like cluster in Penicillium lilacinoechinulatum (PlgliZ). Despite its high level of sequence similarity to gliZ, PlgliZ is unable to complement the gliotoxin-deficiency of a mutant of gliZ in A. fumigatus. Putative binding sites for these regulatory proteins in the promoters of genes in these clusters were predicted using bioinformatic analysis. These sites are similar to those commonly bound by other proteins with Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) DNA binding domains.	1
Title: The ABC transporter gene in the sirodesmin biosynthetic gene cluster of Leptosphaeria maculans is not essential for sirodesmin production but facilitates self-protection Abstract: Epipolythiodioxopiperazine toxins are secreted by a range of fungi, including Leptosphaeria maculans, which produces sirodesmin, and Aspergillus fumigatus, which produces gliotoxin. The L. maculans biosynthetic gene cluster for sirodesmin includes an ABC transporter gene, sirA. Disruption of this gene led to increased secretion of sirodesmin into the medium and an altered ratio of sirodesmin to its immediate precursor. The transcription pattern of a peptide synthetase that catalyses an early step in sirodesmin biosynthesis was elevated in the sirA mutant by 47% over a 7-day period. This was consistent with the finding that the transporter mutant had elevated sirodesmin levels. Despite increased production of sirodesmin, the sirA mutant was more sensitive to both sirodesmin and gliotoxin. The putative gliotoxin transporter gene, gliA, (a major facilitator superfamily transporter) from A. fumigatus complemented the tolerance of the L. maculans sirA mutant to gliotoxin, but not to sirodesmin. The results indicate that SirA contributes to self-protection against sirodesmin in L. maculans and suggest a transporter other than SirA is primarily responsible for efflux of endogenously produced sirodesmin.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the spiruchostatin biosynthetic gene cluster enable yield improvement by overexpressing a transcriptional activator Abstract: Spiruchostatins A and B are members of the FK228-family of natural products with potent histone deacetylase inhibitory activities and antineoplastic activities. However, their production in the wild-type strain of Pseudomonas sp. Q71576 is low. To improve the yield, the spiruchostatin biosynthetic gene cluster (spi) was first identified by rapid genome sequencing and characterized by genetic mutations. This spi gene cluster encodes a hybrid biosynthetic pathway similar to that encoded by the FK228 biosynthetic gene cluster (dep) in Chromobacterium violaceum No. 968. Each gene cluster contains a pathway regulatory gene (spiR vs. depR), but these two genes encode transcriptional activators of different classes. Overexpression of native spiR or heterologous depR in the wild-type strain of Pseudomonas sp. Q71576 resulted in 268 or 1,285 % increase of the combined titer of spiruchostatins A and B, respectively. RT-PCR analysis indicates that overexpression of heterologous depR upregulates the expression of native spiR.	1
Title: Deciphering biosynthesis of the RNA polymerase inhibitor streptolydigin and generation of glycosylated derivatives Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the dienoyltetramic acid streptolydigin was identified and characterized from the producer organism Streptomyces lydicus NRRL2433. Sequence analysis of an 80.8 kb DNA region revealed the presence of 38 ORFs, 29 of which are probably involved in streptolydigin biosynthesis and would code for all activities required for its biosynthesis. Six insertional inactivation mutants were generated in the sequenced region to prove its involvement in streptolydigin biosynthesis, to define the boundaries of the cluster, to functionally characterize some genes, and to generate novel derivatives. A model for streptolydigin biosynthesis is proposed that includes a probable domain skipping in the streptolydigin PKS and the participation of a free-standing adenylation domain protein. Some bioactive derivatives of streptolydigin with altered glycosylation pattern have been produced by combinatorial biosynthesis showing a certain degree of flexibility of the L-rhodinosyl transferase SlgG for the recognition of 2,3,6-trideoxyhexoses and 2,6-dideoxyhexoses, both in D- and L-configuration.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the RNA polymerase inhibitor streptolydigin in Streptomyces lydicus: tailoring modification of 3-methyl-aspartate Abstract: The asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase-like SlgZ and methyltransferase SlgM enzymes are involved in the biosynthesis of the tetramic acid streptolydigin in Streptomyces lydicus. Inactivation of slgZ led to a novel streptolydigin derivative. Overexpression of slgZ, slgM, or both in S. lydicus led to a considerable increase in streptolydigin production.	1
Title: Amino acid precursor supply in the biosynthesis of the RNA polymerase inhibitor streptolydigin by Streptomyces lydicus Abstract: Biosynthesis of the hybrid polyketide-nonribosomal peptide antibiotic streptolydigin, 3-methylaspartate, is utilized as precursor of the tetramic acid moiety. The three genes from the Streptomyces lydicus streptolydigin gene cluster slgE1-slgE2-slgE3 are involved in 3-methylaspartate supply. SlgE3, a ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase, is responsible for the biosynthesis of glutamate from glutamine and 2-oxoglutarate. In addition to slgE3, housekeeping NADPH- and ferredoxin-dependent glutamate synthase genes have been identified in S. lydicus. The expression of slgE3 is increased up to 9-fold at the onset of streptolydigin biosynthesis and later decreases to ∼2-fold over the basal level. In contrast, the expression of housekeeping glutamate synthases decreases when streptolydigin begins to be synthesized. SlgE1 and SlgE2 are the two subunits of a glutamate mutase that would convert glutamate into 3-methylaspartate. Deletion of slgE1-slgE2 led to the production of two compounds containing a lateral side chain derived from glutamate instead of 3-methylaspartate. Expression of this glutamate mutase also reaches a peak increase of up to 5.5-fold coinciding with the onset of antibiotic production. Overexpression of either slgE3 or slgE1-slgE2 in S. lydicus led to an increase in the yield of streptolydigin.	1
Title: Novel compounds produced by Streptomyces lydicus NRRL 2433 engineered mutants altered in the biosynthesis of streptolydigin Abstract: Streptolydigin is a tetramic acid antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lydicus NRRL 2433 and involving a hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) system in its biosynthesis. The streptolydigin amino-acid precursor, 3-methylaspartate, has been proposed to be condensed to the polyketide portion of the molecule by a NRPS composed by three enzymes (SlgN1, SlgN2 and SlgL). On the other hand, biosynthesis of the polyketide moiety involves the participation of cytochrome P450 SlgO2 for the correct cyclization of the characteristic bicyclic ketal. Independent disruption of slgN1, slgN2, slgL or slgO2 resulted in S. lydicus mutants unable to produce the antibiotic thus confirming the involvement of these genes in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic. These mutants did not accumulate any streptolydigin biosynthesis intermediate or shunt product derived from early polyketides released from the PKS. However, they produced three novel compounds identified as 4-(2-carboxy-propylamino)-3-chloro-benzoic acid, 4-(2-carboxy-propylamino)-3-hydroxy-benzoic acid and 4-(2-carboxy-propylamino)-benzoic acid, which were designated as christolane A, christolane B and christolane C, respectively. These compounds have been shown to exert some antibiotic activity.	1
Title: Participation of putative glycoside hydrolases SlgC1 and SlgC2 in the biosynthesis of streptolydigin in Streptomyces lydicus Abstract: Two genes of the streptolydigin gene cluster in Streptomyces lydicus cluster encode putative family 16 glycoside hydrolases. Both genes are expressed when streptolydigin is produced. Inactivation of these genes affects streptolydigin production when the microorganism is grown in minimal medium containing either glycerol or d-glucans as carbon source. Streptolydigin yields in S. lydicus were increased by overexpression of either slgC1 or slgC2.	1
Title: Three pathway-specific regulators control streptolydigin biosynthesis in Streptomyces lydicus Abstract: The streptolydigin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces lydicus NRRL 2433 contains three putative regulatory genes, slgR1, slgR2 and slgY, encoding proteins belonging to TetR and LuxR transcriptional regulator families and ATP/GTP-binding proteins of DNA and RNA helicase superfamily I, respectively. Inactivation of slgR1 or slgR2 resulted in the abolition of streptolydigin production, suggesting that these proteins are pathway-specific positive regulators. In the case of the slgR1 mutant, low amounts of streptolydigin C were produced instead of streptolydigin. RT-PCR transcription analysis of streptolydigin biosynthesis genes revealed a hierarchical regulation process. SlgY was found to control the expression of the regulator slgR2. SlgR2 regulates the expression of structural genes involved in the formation of the streptolydigin bicyclic ketal moiety, incorporation and processing of 3-methylaspartate, and the regulator slgR1. On the other hand, SlgR1 controls the expression of slgE1-E2, involved in the conversion of glutamate to 3-methylaspartate, and putative glycoside hydrolases slgC1 and slgC2. Ectopic expression of slgR1, slgR2 and slgY regulatory genes in S. lydicus led to considerable increases in streptolydigin yields, 18-, 11- and 8.5-fold, respectively. Ectopic expression of slgY in an slgR1 mutant led to a 14-fold increase of streptolydigin C yields, while no effect was observed to result from expression of slgR2.	1
Title: Functional analysis of genes involved in the synthesis of syringolin A by Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae B301 D-R Abstract: Strains of the phytopathogenic bacterium Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae secrete a family of structurally closely related peptide derivatives dubbed syringolins, of which syringolin A is the major variant. The function of syringolins in the interaction of P. syringae pv. syringae with their host plants presently is unknown. It is hypothesized that they may constitute virulence factors. However, syringolins are determinants recognized and reacted to by nonhost plant species, and syringolin A has been shown to induce hypersensitive death of cells colonized by powdery mildew in wheat and, thus, to reprogram a compatible interaction into an incompatible one. Syringolin A is an unusual derivative of a tripeptide that contains a 12-membered ring consisting of the amino acids 5-methyl-4-amino-2-hexenoic acid and 3,4-dehydrolysine, two nonproteinogenic amino acids. Here we report the cloning, sequencing, and analysis of genes involved in the biosynthesis of syringolin A. The genes encode proteins consisting of modules typical for nonribosomal peptide synthetases and type I polyketide synthetases, as well as proteins likely involved in the transcriptional regulation of syringolin A biosynthesis and in syringolin A export. The structure and arrangement of the modules lead to the formulation of a model explaining the synthesis of the tripeptide, including the formation of the two nonproteinogenic amino acids in the ring structure of syringolin A.	1
Title: The tallysomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC 31158 unveiling new insights into the biosynthesis of the bleomycin family of antitumor antibiotics Abstract: The tallysomycins (TLMs) belong to the bleomycin (BLM) family of antitumor antibiotics. The BLM biosynthetic gene cluster has been cloned and characterized previously from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC 15003, but engineering BLM biosynthesis for novel analogs has been hampered by the lack of a genetic system for S. verticillus. We now report the cloning and sequencing of the TLM biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC 31158 and the development of a genetic system for S. hindustanus, demonstrating the feasibility to manipulate TLM biosynthesis in S. hindustanus by gene inactivation and mutant complementation. Sequence analysis of the cloned 80.2 kb region revealed 40 open reading frames (ORFs), 30 of which were assigned to the TLM biosynthetic gene cluster. The TLM gene cluster consists of nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes encoding nine NRPS modules, a polyketide synthase (PKS) gene encoding one PKS module, genes encoding seven enzymes for deoxysugar biosynthesis and attachment, as well as genes encoding other biosynthesis, resistance, and regulatory proteins. The involvement of the cloned gene cluster in TLM biosynthesis was confirmed by inactivating the tlmE glycosyltransferase gene to generate a TLM non-producing mutant and by restoring TLM production to the DeltatlmE::ermE mutant strain upon expressing a functional copy of tlmE. The TLM gene cluster is highly homologous to the BLM cluster, with 25 of the 30 ORFs identified within the two clusters exhibiting striking similarities. The structural similarities and differences between TLM and BLM were reflected remarkably well by the genes and their organization in their respective biosynthetic gene clusters.	1
Title: Functional characterization of tlmK unveiling unstable carbinolamide intermediates in the tallysomycin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Tallysomycins (TLMs) belong to the bleomycin family of anticancer antibiotics. TLMs differ from bleomycins primarily by the presence of a 4-amino-4,6-dideoxy-l-talose sugar attached to C-41 as part of a glycosylcarbinolamide. We previously proposed, on the basis of bioinformatics analysis of the tlm biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC 31158, that the tlmK gene is responsible for the attachment of this sugar moiety. We now report that inactivation of tlmK in S. hindustanus abolished TLM A and TLM B production, the resultant DeltatlmK mutant instead accumulated five new metabolites, and introduction of a functional copy of tlmK to the DeltatlmK mutant restored TLM A and TLM B production. Two major metabolites, TLM K-1 and TLM K-2, together with three minor metabolites, TLM K-3, TLM K-4, and TLM K-5, were isolated from the DeltatlmK mutant, and their structures were elucidated. These findings provide experimental evidence supporting the previous functional assignment of tlmK to encode a glycosyltransferase and unveil two carbinolamide pseudoaglycones as key intermediates in the TLM biosynthetic pathway. TlmK stabilizes the carbinolamide intermediates by glycosylating their hemiaminal hydroxyl groups, thereby protecting them from hydrolysis during TLM biosynthesis. In the absence of TlmK, the carbinolamide intermediates fragment to produce an amide TLM K-1 and aldehyde intermediates, which undergo further oxidative fragmentation to afford carboxylic acids TLM K-2, TLM K-3, TLM K-4, and TLM K-5.	1
Title: Functional characterization of tlmH in Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC 31158 unveiling new insight into tallysomycin biosynthesis and affording a novel bleomycin analog Abstract: Tallysomycins (TLMs) belong to the bleomycin (BLM) family of anticancer antibiotics and differ from the BLMs principally by the presence of a 4-amino-4,6-dideoxy-L-talose attached to C-41 of the TLM backbone as part of a glycosylcarbinolamide. To facilitate an understanding of the differences in anticancer activities observed between TLMs and BLMs, we thought to generate des-talose TLM analogs by engineering TLM biosynthesis in Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC 31158. Here we report (i) the engineering of the DeltatlmH mutant SB8005 strain that produces the two TLM analogs, TLM H-1 and TLM H-2, (ii) production, isolation, and structural elucidation of TLM H-1 and TLM H-2 by NMR and mass spectroscopic analyses as the desired des-talose TLM analogs, and (iii) comparison of the DNA cleavage activities of TLM H-1 with selected TLMs and BLMs. These findings support the previous functional assignment of tlmH to encode an alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent hydroxylase and unveil the TlmH-catalyzed hydroxylation at both C-41 and C-42 and the TlmK-catalyzed glycosylation of a labile carbinolamide intermediate as the final two steps for TLM biosynthesis. TlmH is apparently distinct from other enzymes known to catalyze carbinolamide formation. The availability of TLM H-1 now sets the stage to study the TlmH enzymology in vitro and to elucidate the exact contribution of the l-talose to the anticancer activities of TLMs in vivo.	1
Title: Rational domain swaps decipher programming in fungal highly reducing polyketide synthases and resurrect an extinct metabolite Abstract: The mechanism of programming of iterative highly reducing polyketide synthases remains one of the key unsolved problems of secondary metabolism. We conducted rational domain swaps between the polyketide synthases encoding the biosynthesis of the closely related compounds tenellin and desmethylbassianin. Expression of the hybrid synthetases in Aspergillus oryzae led to the production of reprogrammed compounds in which the changes to the methylation pattern and chain length could be mapped to the domain swaps. These experiments reveal for the first time the origin of programming in these systems. Domain swaps combined with coexpression of two cytochrome P450 encoding genes from the tenellin biosynthetic gene cluster led to the resurrection of the extinct metabolite bassianin.	1
Title: Nongenetic reprogramming of a fungal highly reducing polyketide synthase Abstract: The biosynthesis of the fungal metabolite tenellin from Beauveria bassiana CBS110.25 was investigated in the presence of the epigenetic modifiers 5-azacytidine and suberoyl bis-hydroxamic acid and under conditions where individual genes from the tenellin biosynthetic gene cluster were silenced. Numerous new compounds were synthesized, indicating that the normal predominant biosynthesis of tenellin is just one outcome out of a diverse array of possible products. The structures of the products reveal key clues about the programming selectivities of the tenellin polyketide synthase.	1
Title: Late stage oxidations during the biosynthesis of the 2-pyridone tenellin in the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana Abstract: Late stage oxidations during the biosynthesis of the 2-pyridone tenellin in the insect pathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana were investigated by a combination of gene knockout, antisense RNA, and gene coexpression studies. Open reading frames (ORF) 3 and 4 of the tenellin biosynthetic gene cluster were previously shown to encode a trans-acting enoyl reductase and a hybrid polyketide synthase nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS), respectively, which together synthesize the acyltetramic acid pretenellin-A. In this work, we have shown that ORF1 encodes a cytochrome P450 oxidase, which catalyzes an unprecedented oxidative ring expansion of pretenellin-A to form the 2-pyridone core of tenellin and related metabolites, and that this enzyme does not catalyze the formation of a hydroxylated precursor. Similar genes appear to be associated with PKS-NRPS genes in other fungi. ORF2 encodes an unusual cytochrome P450 monooxygenase required for the selective N-hydroxylation of the 2-pyridone which is incapable of N-hydroxylation of acyltetramic acids.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the 2-pyridone tenellin in the insect pathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana Abstract: Genomic DNA from the insect pathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana was used as a template in a PCR with degenerate primers designed to amplify a fragment of a C-methyl transferase (CMeT) domain from a highly reduced fungal polyketide synthase (PKS). The resulting 270-bp PCR product was homologous to other fungal PKS CMeT domains and was used as a probe to isolate a 7.3-kb fragment of genomic DNA from a BamH1 library. Further library probing and TAIL-PCR then gave a 21.9-kb contig that encoded a 12.9-kb fused type I PKS-NRPS ORF together with ORFs encoding other oxidative and reductive enzymes. A directed knockout experiment with a BaR cassette, reported for the first time in B. bassiana, identified the PKS-NRPS as being involved in the biosynthesis of the 2-pyridone tenellin. Other fungal PKS-NRPS genes are known to be involved in the formation of tetramic acids in fungi, and it thus appears likely that related compounds are precursors of 2-pyridones in fungi. B. bassiana tenellin KO and WT strains proved to be equally pathogenic towards insect larvae; this indicated that tenellin is not involved in insect pathogenesis.	1
Title: Authentic heterologous expression of the tenellin iterative polyketide synthase nonribosomal peptide synthetase requires coexpression with an enoyl reductase Abstract: The tenS gene encoding tenellin synthetase (TENS), a 4239-residue polyketide synthase nonribosomal-peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) from Beauveria bassiana, was expressed in Aspergillus oryzae M-2-3. This led to the production of three new compounds, identified as acyl tetramic acids, and numerous minor metabolites. Consideration of the structures of these compounds indicates that the putative C-terminal thiolester reductase (R) domain does not act as a reductase, but appears to act as a Dieckmann cyclase (DKC). Expression of tenS in the absence of a trans-acting ER component encoded by orf3 led to errors in assembly of the polyketide component, giving clues to the mode of programming of highly reducing fungal PKS. Coexpression of tenS with orf3 from the linked gene cluster led to the production of a correctly elaborated polyketide. The NRPS adenylation domain possibly shows the first identified fungal signature sequences for tyrosine selectivity.	1
Title: Biosynthetic multitasking facilitates thalassospiramide structural diversity in marine bacteria Abstract: Thalassospiramides A and B are immunosuppressant cyclic lipopeptides first reported from the marine α-proteobacterium Thalassospira sp. CNJ-328. We describe here the discovery and characterization of an extended family of 14 new analogues from four Tistrella and Thalassospira isolates. These potent calpain 1 protease inhibitors belong to six structure classes in which the length and composition of the acylpeptide side chain varies extensively. Genomic sequence analysis of the thalassospiramide-producing microbes revealed related, genus-specific biosynthetic loci encoding hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthases consistent with thalassospiramide assembly. The bioinformatics analysis of the gene clusters suggests that structural diversity, which ranges from the 803.4 Da thalassospiramide C to the 1291.7 Da thalassospiramide F, results from a complex sequence of reactions involving amino acid substrate channeling and enzymatic multimodule skipping and iteration. Preliminary biochemical analysis of the N-terminal nonribosomal peptide synthetase module from the Thalassospira TtcA megasynthase supports a biosynthetic model in which in cis amino acid activation competes with in trans activation to increase the range of amino acid substrates incorporated at the N terminus.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of thuggacins in myxobacteria: comparative cluster analysis reveals basis for natural product structural diversity Abstract: The thuggacins are macrolide antibiotics that are active against Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the causative agent of tuberculosis. Distinct variants of these structures are produced by the myxobacteria Sorangium cellulosum So ce895 and Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5, which differ in side chain structure and modification by hydroxylation. We report here a comparative analysis of the biosynthetic gene clusters in these strains, which reveals the mechanistic basis for this architectural diversity. Although the polyketide-nonribosomal peptide cores of the molecules are highly similar, the underlying biosynthetic machineries exhibit an unexpected degree of divergence. Furthermore, the S. cellulosum gene cluster contains a crotonyl-CoA reductase (CCR) homolog not present in C. crocatus, which likely participates in assembling the unusual hexyl side chain of the So ce895 thuggacins, whereas the distinct hydroxylation pattern may result from variable action of a conserved FMN-dependent monooxygenase. Indeed, inactivation of the monooxygenase gene in C. crocatus resulted in production of both mono- and di-deshydroxy thuggacin derivatives, providing direct evidence for the role of this enzyme in the pathway. Finally, integration of a Tn5-derived npt promotor upstream of the thuggacin cluster in C. crocatus led to a significant increase in thuggacin production.	1
Title: Identification of the tirandamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. 307-9 Abstract: The structurally intriguing bicyclic ketal moiety of tirandamycin is common to several acyl-tetramic acid antibiotics, and is a key determinant of biological activity. We have identified the tirandamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from the environmental marine isolate Streptomyces sp. 307-9, thus providing the first genetic insight into the biosynthesis of this natural product scaffold. Sequence analysis revealed a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster with a colinear domain organization, which is entirely consistent with the core structure of the tirandamycins. We also identified genes within the cluster that encode candidate tailoring enzymes for elaboration and modification of the bicyclic ketal system. Disruption of tamI, which encodes a presumed cytochrome P450, led to a mutant strain deficient in production of late stage tirandamycins that instead accumulated tirandamycin C, an intermediate devoid of any post assembly-line oxidative modifications.	1
Title: Identification and analysis of the core biosynthetic machinery of tubulysin, a potent cytotoxin with potential anticancer activity Abstract: Myxobacteria are well known for their biosynthetic potential, especially for the production of cytotoxic compounds with potential anticancer activities. The tubulysins are currently in preclinical development. They are produced in very low quantities, and genetic manipulation of producing strains has never been accomplished. We report the development of a mariner-based transposon mutagenesis system for Angiococcus disciformis An d48. Extracts from a library of 1200 mutants were analyzed for the presence of tubulysin by a microscopic cell nucleus fragmentation bioassay. The transposition sites of four tubulysin-negative mutants were identified by vector recovery, which led to the identification and the sequencing of the corresponding core biosynthetic gene locus. Sequence analysis of more than 80,000 bp reveals an unusual multimodular hybrid polyketide synthase/peptide synthetase assembly line with a variety of unprecedented features.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of xenocoumacin antibiotic production in the mutualistic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophila Abstract: Xenocoumacin 1 (Xcn1) and xenocoumacin 2 (Xcn2) are the major antimicrobial compounds produced by Xenorhabdus nematophila. To study the role of Xcn1 and Xcn2 in the life cycle of X. nematophila the 14 gene cluster (xcnA-N) required for their synthesis was identified. Overlap RT-PCR analysis identified six major xcn transcripts. Individual inactivation of the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase genes, xcnA and xcnK, and polyketide synthetase genes, xcnF, xcnH and xcnL, eliminated Xcn1 production. Xcn1 levels and expression of xcnA-L were increased in an ompR strain while Xcn2 levels and xcnMN expression were reduced. Xcn1 production was also increased in a strain lacking acetyl-phosphate that can donate phosphate groups to OmpR. Together these findings suggest that OmpR-phosphate negatively regulates xcnA-L gene expression while positively regulating xcnMN expression. HPLC-MS analysis revealed that Xcn1 was produced first and was subsequently converted to Xcn2. Inactivation of xcnM and xcnN eliminated conversion of Xcn1 to Xcn2 resulting in elevated Xcn1 production. The viability of the xcnM strain was reduced 20-fold relative to the wild-type strain supporting the idea that conversion of Xcn1 to Xcn2 provides a mechanism to avoid self-toxicity. Interestingly, inactivation of ompR enhanced cell viability during prolonged culturing.	1
Title: A PKS/NRPS/FAS hybrid gene cluster from Serratia plymuthica RVH1 encoding the biosynthesis of three broad spectrum, zeamine-related antibiotics Abstract: Serratia plymuthica strain RVH1, initially isolated from an industrial food processing environment, displays potent antimicrobial activity towards a broad spectrum of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacterial pathogens. Isolation and subsequent structure determination of bioactive molecules led to the identification of two polyamino antibiotics with the same molecular structure as zeamine and zeamine II as well as a third, closely related analogue, designated zeamine I. The gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the zeamine antibiotics was cloned and sequenced and shown to encode FAS, PKS as well as NRPS related enzymes in addition to putative tailoring and export enzymes. Interestingly, several genes show strong homology to the pfa cluster of genes involved in the biosynthesis of long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in marine bacteria. We postulate that a mixed FAS/PKS and a hybrid NRPS/PKS assembly line each synthesize parts of the backbone that are linked together post-assembly in the case of zeamine and zeamine I. This interaction reflects a unique interplay between secondary lipid and secondary metabolite biosynthesis. Most likely, the zeamine antibiotics are produced as prodrugs that undergo activation in which a nonribosomal peptide sequence is cleaved off.	1
Title: Two different polyketide synthase genes are required for synthesis of zearalenone in Gibberella zeae Abstract: Zearalenone (ZEA) is a polyketide mycotoxin produced by some species of Gibberella/Fusarium and causes hyperestrogenic syndrome in animals. ZEA occurs naturally in cereals infected by Gibberella zeae in temperate regions and threatens animal health. In this study, we report on a set of genes that participate in the biosynthesis of ZEA in G. zeae. Focusing on the non-reducing polyketide synthase (PKS) genes of the G. zeae genome, we demonstrated that PKS13 is required for ZEA production. Subsequent analyses revealed that a continuous, 50 kb segment of DNA carrying PKS13 consisted of three additional open reading frames that were coexpressed as a cluster during the condition for ZEA biosynthesis. These genes, in addition to PKS13, were essential for the ZEA biosynthesis. They include another PKS gene (PKS4) encoding a fungal reducing PKS; zearalenone biosynthesis gene 1 (ZEB1), which shows a high similarity to putative isoamyl alcohol oxidase genes; and ZEB2 whose deduced product carries a conserved, basic-region leucine zipper domain. ZEB1 is responsible for the chemical conversion of beta-zearalenonol (beta-ZOL) to ZEA in the biosynthetic pathway, and ZEB2 controls transcription of the cluster members. Transcription of these genes was strongly influenced by different culture conditions such as nutrient starvations and ambient pH. Furthermore, the same set of genes regulated by ZEB2 was dramatically repressed in the transgenic G. zeae strain with the deletion of PKS13 or PKS4 but not in the ZEB1 deletion strain, suggesting that ZEA or beta-ZOL may be involved in transcriptional activation of the gene cluster required for ZEA biosynthesis in G. zeae. This is the first published report on the molecular characterization of genes required for ZEA biosynthesis.	1
Title: The PKS4 gene of Fusarium graminearum is essential for zearalenone production Abstract: Zearalenones are produced by several Fusarium species and can cause reproductive problems in animals. Some aurofusarin mutants of Fusarium pseudograminearum produce elevated levels of zearalenone (ZON), one of the estrogenic mycotoxins comprising the zearalenones. An analysis of transcripts from polyketide synthase genes identified in the Fusarium graminearum database was carried out for these mutants. PKS4 was the only gene with an enoyl reductase domain that had a higher level of transcription in the aurofusarin mutants than in the wild type. An Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation protocol was used to replace the central part of the PKS4 gene with a hygB resistance gene through double homologous recombination in an F. graminearum strain producing a high level of ZON. PCR and Southern analysis of transformants were used to identify isolates with single insertional replacements of PKS4. High-performance liquid chromatography analysis showed that the PKS4 replacement mutant did not produce ZON. Thus, PKS4 encodes an enzyme required for the production of ZON in F. graminearum. Barley root infection studies revealed no alteration in the pathogenicity of the PKS4 mutant compared to the pathogenicity of the wild type. The expression of PKS13, which is located in the same cluster as PKS4, decreased dramatically in the mutant, while transcription of PKS4 was unchanged. This differential expression may indicate that ZON or its derivatives do not regulate expression of PKS4 and that the PKS4-encoded protein or its product stimulates expression of PKS13. Furthermore, both the lack of aurofusarin and ZON influenced the expression of other polyketide synthases, demonstrating that one polyketide can influence the expression of others.	1
Title: Real-time quantitative expression studies of the zearalenone biosynthetic gene cluster in Fusarium graminearum Abstract: The estrogenic mycotoxin zearalenone (ZON) produced by some Fusarium spp. causes reproductive problems and hyperestrogenic syndromes in mammals. In an effort to elucidate the molecular pathways of ZON production, we present a comparative real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction expression study of seven contiguous genes in the ZON biosynthetic cluster on sterile rice and during wheat and oat infection. Under ZON production on rice, the polyketide synthase (PKS) genes PKS4 and PKS13, alcohol oxidase FG12056 gene, and transcriptional regulator FG02398 gene showed similarly upregulated patterns, whereas the nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NPS) FG02394, the K(+) channel beta subunit FG12015, and the protein kinase FG02399 displayed a variant pattern. During the same time period under wheat infection when no ZON was produced, the PKS genes and the NPS were downregulated relative to rice whereas the K(+) channel beta subunit gene FG12015 was markedly upregulated, suggesting that it may play a role in the infection process. This is the first expression study of ZON biosynthetic genes in planta. The results give insight into the regulation and activities of the ZON gene cluster under different experimental systems and suggest a connection between ZON and a K(+) channel that could reveal a novel function for ZON in Fusarium spp.	1
Title: A putative ABC transporter gene, ZRA1, is required for zearalenone production in Gibberella zeae Abstract: Zearalenone (ZEA) is a secondary metabolite produced by various Fusarium species and causes estrogenic disorders in humans and animals. Recent studies have identified the ZEA biosynthesis gene cluster in F. graminearum, but other genes such as transporters responsible for ZEA export have not been identified in the cluster. In this study, we performed microarray analyses from the wild-type strain with and without ZEA supplementation and ZEA-nonproducing strain zeb2 to discover other genes responsible for ZEA biosynthesis. Three putative ABC transporters were significantly down-regulated in the zeb2 and were under positive regulation of the ZEB2 gene, which functions as a transcriptional activator for ZEA production in this fungus. However, only one gene (ZRA1) was found to be up-regulated by 20-fold in the wild-type strain supplemented with ZEA, and deletion of ZRA1 resulted in reduced ZEA production. Deletions of the other two genes showed similar ZEA productions as the wild-type strain. ZRA1 localized to the plasma membrane and vacuoles indicating possible roles of ZRA1 as a transporter. This study indicated that ZRA1 is involved in ZEA production and shares a common regulatory mode with ZEA cluster genes by ZEB2.	1
Title: Autoregulation of ZEB2 expression for zearalenone production in Fusarium graminearum Abstract: Several Fusarium species produce the polyketide mycotoxin zearalenone (ZEA), a causative agent of hyperestrogenic syndrome in animals that is often found in F. graminearum-infected cereals in temperate regions. The ZEA biosynthetic cluster genes PKS4, PKS13, ZEB1 and ZEB2 encode a reducing polyketide synthase, a non-reducing polyketide synthase, an isoamyl alcohol oxidase and a transcription factor respectively. In this study, the production of two isoforms (ZEB2L and ZEB2S) from the ZEB2 gene in F. graminearum via an alternative promoter was characterized. ZEB2L contains a basic leucine zipper (bZIP) DNA-binding domain at the N-terminus, whereas ZEB2S is an N-terminally truncated form of ZEB2L that lacks the bZIP domain. Interestingly, ZEA triggers the induction of both ZEB2L and ZEB2S transcription. ZEB2L and ZEB2S interact with each other to form a heterodimer that regulates ZEA production by reducing the binding affinity of ZEB2L for the ZEB2L gene promoter. Our study provides insight into the autoregulation of ZEB2 expression by alternative promoter usage and a feedback loop during ZEA production; this regulatory mechanism is similar to that observed in higher eukaryotes.	1
Title: The biosynthetic gene cluster of zorbamycin, a member of the bleomycin family of antitumor antibiotics, from Streptomyces flavoviridis ATCC 21892 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the glycopeptide-derived antitumor antibiotic zorbamycin (ZBM) was cloned by screening a cosmid library of Streptomyces flavoviridis ATCC 21892. Sequence analysis revealed 40 ORFs belonging to the ZBM biosynthetic gene cluster. However, only 23 and 22 ORFs showed striking similarities to the biosynthetic gene clusters for the bleomycins (BLMs) and tallysomycins (TLMs), respectively; the remaining ORFs do not show significant homology to ORFs from the related BLM and TLM clusters. The ZBM gene cluster consists of 16 nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes encoding eight complete NRPS modules, three incomplete didomain NRPS modules, and eight freestanding single NRPS domains or associated enzymes, a polyketide synthase (PKS) gene encoding one PKS module, six sugar biosynthesis genes, as well as genes encoding other biosynthesis and resistance proteins. A genetic system using Escherichia coli-Streptomyces flavoviridis intergeneric conjugation was developed to enable ZBM gene cluster boundary determinations and biosynthetic pathway manipulations.	1
Title: A designer bleomycin with significantly improved DNA cleavage activity Abstract: The bleomycins (BLMs) are used clinically in combination with a number of other agents for the treatment of several types of tumors, and the BLM, etoposide, and cisplatin treatment regimen cures 90-95% of metastatic testicular cancer patients. BLM-induced pneumonitis is the most feared, dose-limiting side effect of BLM in chemotherapy, which can progress into lung fibrosis and affect up to 46% of the total patient population. There have been continued efforts to develop new BLM analogues in the search for anticancer drugs with better clinical efficacy and lower lung toxicity. We have previously cloned and characterized the biosynthetic gene clusters for BLMs from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003, tallysomycins from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC31158, and zorbamycin (ZBM) from Streptomyces flavoviridis SB9001. Comparative analysis of the three biosynthetic machineries provided the molecular basis for the formulation of hypotheses to engineer novel analogues. We now report engineered production of three new analogues, 6'-hydroxy-ZBM, BLM Z, and 6'-deoxy-BLM Z and the evaluation of their DNA cleavage activities as a measurement for their potential anticancer activity. Our findings unveiled: (i) the disaccharide moiety plays an important role in the DNA cleavage activity of BLMs and ZBMs, (ii) the ZBM disaccharide significantly enhances the potency of BLM, and (iii) 6'-deoxy-BLM Z represents the most potent BLM analogue known to date. The fact that 6'-deoxy-BLM Z can be produced in reasonable quantities by microbial fermentation should greatly facilitate follow-up mechanistic and preclinical studies to potentially advance this analogue into a clinical drug.	1
Title: Zwittermicin A resistance gene from Bacillus cereus Abstract: Zwittermicin A is a novel aminopolyol antibiotic produced by Bacillus cereus that is active against diverse bacteria and lower eukaryotes (L.A. Silo-Suh, B.J. Lethbridge, S.J. Raffel, H. He, J. Clardy, and J. Handelsman, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 60:2023-2030, 1994). To identify a determinant for resistance to zwittermicin A, we constructed a genomic library from B. cereus UW85, which produces zwittermicin A, and screened transformants of Escherichia coli DH5alpha, which is sensitive to zwittermicin A, for resistance to zwittermicin A. Subcloning and mutagenesis defined a genetic locus, designated zmaR, on a 1.2-kb fragment of DNA that conferred zwittermicin A resistance on E. coli. A DNA fragment containing zmaR hybridized to a corresponding fragment of genomic DNA from B. cereus UW85. Corresponding fragments were not detected in mutants of B. cereus UW85 that were sensitive to zwittermicin A, and the plasmids carrying zmaR restored resistance to the zwittermicin A-sensitive mutants, indicating that zmaR was deleted in the zwittermicin A-sensitive mutants and that zmaR is functional in B. cereus. Sequencing of the 1.2-kb fragment of DNA defined an open reading frame, designated ZmaR. Neither the nucleotide sequence nor the predicted protein sequence had significant similarity to sequences in existing databases. Cell extracts from an E. coli strain carrying zmaR contained a 43.5-kDa protein whose molecular mass and N-terminal sequence matched those of the protein predicted by the zmaR sequence. The results demonstrate that we have isolated a gene, zmaR, that encodes a zwIttermicin A resistance determinant that is functional in both B. cereus and E. coli.	1
Title: Zwittermicin A biosynthetic cluster Abstract: The goal of this study was to identify the biosynthetic cluster for zwittermicin A, a novel, broad spectrum, aminopolyol antibiotic produced by Bacillus cereus. The nucleotide sequence of 2.7kb of DNA flanking the zwittermicin A self-resistance gene, zmaR, from B. cereus UW85 revealed three open reading frames (ORFs). Of these ORFs, two had sequence similarity to acyl-CoA dehydrogenases and polyketide synthases, respectively. Insertional inactivation demonstrated that orf2 is necessary for zwittermicin A production and that zmaR is necessary for high-level resistance to zwittermicin A but is not required for zwittermicin A production. Expression of ZmaR was temporally associated with zwittermicin A production. The results suggest that zmaR is part of a cluster of genes that is involved in zwittermicin A biosynthesis, representing the first biosynthetic pathway for an aminopolyol antibiotic.	1
Title: Genetics of zwittermicin a production by Bacillus cereus Abstract: Zwittermicin A represents a new chemical class of antibiotic and has diverse biological activities, including suppression of oomycete diseases of plants and potentiation of the insecticidal activity of Bacillus thuringiensis. To identify genes involved in zwittermicin A production, we generated 4,800 transposon mutants of B. cereus UW101C and screened them for zwittermicin A accumulation. Nine mutants did not produce detectable zwittermicin A, and one mutant produced eightfold more than the parent strain. The DNA flanking the transposon insertions in six of the nine nonproducing mutants contains significant sequence similarity to genes involved in peptide and polyketide antibiotic biosynthesis. The mutant that overproduced zwittermicin A contained a transposon insertion immediately upstream from a gene that encodes a deduced protein that is a member of the MarR family of transcriptional regulators. Three genes identified by the mutant analysis mapped to a region that was previously shown to carry the zwittermicin A self-resistance gene, zmaR, and a biosynthetic gene (E. A. Stohl, J. L. Milner, and J. Handelsman, Gene 237:403-411, 1999). Further sequencing of this region revealed genes proposed to encode zwittermicin A precursor biosynthetic enzymes, in particular, those involved in the formation of the aminomalonyl- and hydroxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein intermediates. Additionally, nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and polyketide synthase (PKS) homologs are present, suggesting that zwittermicin A is synthesized by a mixed NRPS/PKS pathway.	1
Title: Characterization of the complete zwittermicin A biosynthesis gene cluster from Bacillus cereus Abstract: Bacillus cereus UW85 produces the linear aminopolyol antibiotic zwittermicin A (ZmA). This antibiotic has diverse biological activities, such as suppression of disease in plants caused by protists, inhibition of fungal and bacterial growth, and amplification of the insecticidal activity of the toxin protein from Bacillus thuringiensis. ZmA has an unusual chemical structure that includes a d amino acid and ethanolamine and glycolyl moieties, as well as having an unusual terminal amide that is generated from the modification of the nonproteinogenic amino acid beta-ureidoalanine. The diverse biological activities and unusual structure of ZmA have stimulated our efforts to understand how this antibiotic is biosynthesized. Here, we present the identification of the complete ZmA biosynthesis gene cluster from B. cereus UW85. A nearly identical gene cluster is identified on a plasmid from B. cereus AH1134, and we show that this strain is also capable of producing ZmA. Bioinformatics and biochemical analyses of the ZmA biosynthesis enzymes strongly suggest that ZmA is initially biosynthesized as part of a larger metabolite that is processed twice, resulting in the formation of ZmA and two additional metabolites. Additionally, we propose that the biosynthesis gene cluster for the production of the amino sugar kanosamine is contained within the ZmA biosynthesis gene cluster in B. cereus UW85.	1
Title: The biosynthetic genes encoding for the production of the dynemicin enediyne core in Micromonospora chersina ATCC53710 Abstract: Dynemicin is a novel anthraquinone-fused member of the 10-membered enediyne antitumor antibiotic family. The development of a genetic system for the dynemicin producer Micromonospora chersina confirmed, for the first time, the requirement of the putative enediyne core biosynthetic genes (dynE8, U14 and U15) and a tailoring oxidase gene (orf23) for dynemicin production. Cloning and sequence analysis of a 76 kb of genomic sequence region containing dynE8 revealed a variety of genes conserved among known enediyne loci. Surprisingly, this fragment and flanking chromosomal DNA lacked any obvious genes encoding for the biosynthesis of the anthraquinone, suggesting that the location of genes encoding for the biosynthesis of the dynemicin enediyne core and the dynemicin anthraquinone are chromosomally distinct. The demonstrated trace production of a shunt product from mutant strain QGD23 (Deltaorf23) also sets the stage for subsequent studies to delineate the key steps in enediyne core biosynthesis and tailoring.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of polyketomycin produced by Streptomyces diastatochromogenes Tü 6028 Abstract: The biosynthesis of polyketomycin was investigated by feeding 13C-labeled acetate and propionate to the growing cultures of Streptomyces diastatochromogenes Tü 6028. 13C NMR spectral analysis demonstrated the polyketide origin of the aglycone and the dimethylsalicyloyl moieties. The O-methyl group and 6-CH3 of the aglycone as well as 3B-CH3 of L-axenose and 3C-CH3 of the salicyloyl residue were labeled by feeding L-[methyl-13C]methionine. Both deoxysugars emerged from D-glucose. The biosynthesis of the aglycone and the assembly of the glycoside are discussed. The polyketomycin producing strain may be a candidate for further exploration in combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Organisation of the biosynthetic gene cluster and tailoring enzymes in the biosynthesis of the tetracyclic quinone glycoside antibiotic polyketomycin Abstract: Polyketomycin is a tetracyclic quinone glycoside produced by Streptomyces diastatochromogenes Tü6028. It shows cytotoxic and antibiotic activity, in particular against Gram-positive multi-drug-resistant strains (for example, MRSA). The polyketomycin biosynthetic gene cluster has been sequenced and characterised. Its identity was proven by inactivation of a alpha-ketoacyl synthase gene (pokP1) of the "minimal polyketide synthase II" system. In order to obtain valuable information about tailoring steps, we performed further gene-inactivation experiments. The generation of mutants with deletions in oxygenase genes (pokO1, pokO2, both in parallel and pokO4) and methyltransferase genes (pokMT1, pokMT2 and pokMT3) resulted in new polyketomycin derivatives, and provided information about the organisation of the biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: TLN-05220, TLN-05223, new Echinosporamicin-type antibiotics, and proposed revision of the structure of bravomicins(*) Abstract: The deposited strain of the hazimicin producer, Micromonospora echinospora ssp. challisensis NRRL 12255 has considerable biosynthetic capabilities as revealed by genome scanning. Among these is a locus containing both type I and type II PKS genes. The presumed products of this locus, TLN-05220 (1) and TLN-05223 (2), bear a core backbone composed of six fused rings starting with a 2-pyridone moiety. The structures were confirmed by conventional spectral analyses including MS, and 1D and 2D NMR experiments. Comparison of both the 1H and 13C NMR data of the newly isolated compound with those of echinosporamicin and bravomicin A led us to propose a revision of the structure of the latter to include a 2-pyridone instead of the pyran originally postulated. Both compounds (1 and 2) possessed strong antibacterial activity against a series of gram-positive pathogens including several strains of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and vancomycin-resistant Enterococci (VRE), and cytotoxic activities against several human tumor cell lines. The TLN compounds are the first of this group with reported anticancer activity.	1
Title: Cylindrocyclophane biosynthesis involves functionalization of an unactivated carbon center Abstract: The cylindrocyclophanes are a family of natural products that share a remarkable paracyclophane carbon scaffold. Using genome sequencing and bioinformatic analyses, we have discovered a biosynthetic gene cluster involved in the assembly of cylindrocyclophane F. Through a combination of in vitro enzyme characterization and feeding studies, we confirm the connection between this gene cluster and cylindrocyclophane production, elucidate the chemical events involved in initiating and terminating an unusual type I polyketide synthase assembly line, and discover that macrocycle assembly involves functionalization of an unactivated carbon center.	1
Title: Identification of the herboxidiene biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces chromofuscus ATCC 49982 Abstract: The 53-kb biosynthetic gene cluster for the novel anticholesterol natural product herboxidiene was identified in Streptomyces chromofuscus ATCC 49982 by genome sequencing and gene inactivation. In addition to herboxidiene, a biosynthetic intermediate, 18-deoxy-herboxidiene, was also isolated from the fermentation broth of S. chromofuscus ATCC 49982 as a minor metabolite.	1
Title: A type I/type III polyketide synthase hybrid biosynthetic pathway for the structurally unique ansa compound kendomycin Abstract: Kendomycin is a bioactive polyketide that is produced by various Streptomyces strains. It displays strong antibiotic activities against a wide range of bacteria and exhibits remarkable cytotoxic effects on the growth of several human cancer cell lines. In this study we cloned the corresponding biosynthetic locus from the producer Streptomyces violaceoruber (strain 3844-33C). Our analysis shows that a mixed type I/type III polyketide synthase pathway is responsible for the formation of the fully carbogenic macrocyclic scaffold of kendomycin, which is unprecedented among all of the ansa compounds that have been isolated so far. Heterologous expression of a gene set in Streptomyces coelicolor shows that 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid is an intermediate in the starter unit biosynthesis that is initiated by the type III polyketide synthase. The identification of the kendomycin biosynthetic gene cluster sets the stage to study a novel chain termination mechanism by a type I PKS that leads to carbocycle formation and provides the starting material for the heterologous expression of the entire pathway, and the production of novel derivatives by genetic engineering.	1
Title: The fumagillin biosynthetic gene cluster in Aspergillus fumigatus encodes a cryptic terpene cyclase involved in the formation of β-trans-bergamotene Abstract: Fumagillin 1 is a meroterpenoid from Aspergillus fumigatus that is known for its anti-angiogenic activity by binding to human methionine aminopeptidase 2. The genetic and molecular basis for biosynthesis of 1 had been an enigma despite the availability of the A. fumigatus genome sequence. Here, we report the identification and verification of the fma gene cluster, followed by characterization of the polyketide synthase and acyltransferase involved in biosynthesis of the dioic acid portion of 1. More significantly, we uncovered the elusive β-trans-bergamotene synthase in A. fumigatus as a membrane-bound terpene cyclase.	1
Title: The fumagillin gene cluster, an example of hundreds of genes under veA control in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Aspergillus fumigatus is the causative agent of invasive aspergillosis, leading to infection-related mortality in immunocompromised patients. We previously showed that the conserved and unique-to-fungi veA gene affects different cell processes such as morphological development, gliotoxin biosynthesis and protease activity, suggesting a global regulatory effect on the genome of this medically relevant fungus. In this study, RNA sequencing analysis revealed that veA controls the expression of hundreds of genes in A. fumigatus, including those comprising more than a dozen known secondary metabolite gene clusters. Chemical analysis confirmed that veA controls the synthesis of other secondary metabolites in this organism in addition to gliotoxin. Among the secondary metabolite gene clusters regulated by veA is the elusive but recently identified gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of fumagillin, a meroterpenoid known for its anti-angiogenic activity by binding to human methionine aminopeptidase 2. The fumagillin gene cluster contains a veA-dependent regulatory gene, fumR (Afu8g00420), encoding a putative C6 type transcription factor. Deletion of fumR results in silencing of the gene cluster and elimination of fumagillin biosynthesis. We found expression of fumR to also be dependent on laeA, a gene encoding another component of the fungal velvet complex. The results in this study argue that veA is a global regulator of secondary metabolism in A. fumigatus, and that veA may be a conduit via which chemical development is coupled to morphological development and other cellular processes.	1
Title: Generation of complexity in fungal terpene biosynthesis: discovery of a multifunctional cytochrome P450 in the fumagillin pathway Abstract: Fumagillin (1), a meroterpenoid from Aspergillus fumigatus, is known for its antiangiogenic activity due to binding to human methionine aminopeptidase 2. 1 has a highly oxygenated structure containing a penta-substituted cyclohexane that is generated by oxidative cleavage of the bicyclic sesquiterpene β-trans-bergamotene. The chemical nature, order, and biochemical mechanism of all the oxygenative tailoring reactions has remained enigmatic despite the identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster and the use of targeted-gene deletion experiments. Here, we report the identification and characterization of three oxygenases from the fumagillin biosynthetic pathway, including a multifunctional cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, a hydroxylating nonheme-iron-dependent dioxygenase, and an ABM family monooxygenase for oxidative cleavage of the polyketide moiety. Most significantly, the P450 monooxygenase is shown to catalyze successive hydroxylation, bicyclic ring-opening, and two epoxidations that generate the sesquiterpenoid core skeleton of 1. We also characterized a truncated polyketide synthase with a ketoreductase function that controls the configuration at C-5 of hydroxylated intermediates.	1
Title: Fumagillin, a Mycotoxin of Aspergillus fumigatus: Biosynthesis, Biological Activities, Detection, and Applications Abstract: Fumagillin is a mycotoxin produced, above all, by the saprophytic filamentous fungus Aspergillus fumigatus. This mold is an opportunistic pathogen that can cause invasive aspergillosis, a disease that has high mortality rates linked to it. Its ability to adapt to environmental stresses through the production of secondary metabolites, including several mycotoxins (gliotoxin, fumagillin, pseurotin A, etc.) also seem to play an important role in causing these infections. Since the discovery of the A. fumigatus fumagillin in 1949, many studies have focused on this toxin and in this review we gather all the information currently available. First of all, the structural characteristics of this mycotoxin and the different methods developed for its determination are given in detail. Then, the biosynthetic gene cluster and the metabolic pathway involved in its production and regulation are explained. The activity of fumagillin on its target, the methionine aminopeptidase type 2 (MetAP2) enzyme, and the effects of blocking this enzyme in the host are also described. Finally, the applications that this toxin and its derivatives have in different fields, such as the treatment of cancer and its microsporicidal activity in the treatment of honeybee hive infections with Nosema spp., are reviewed. Therefore, this work offers a complete review of all the information currently related to the fumagillin mycotoxin secreted by A. fumigatus, important because of its role in the fungal infection process but also because it has many other applications, notably in beekeeping, the treatment of infectious diseases, and in oncology.	1
Title: The anti-angiogenic agent fumagillin covalently binds and inhibits the methionine aminopeptidase, MetAP-2 Abstract: The inhibition of new blood vessel formation (angiogenesis) is an effective means of limiting both the size and metastasis of solid tumors. The leading anti-angiogenic compound, TNP-470, has proven to be effective in in vitro and in animal model studies, and is currently being tested in phase III antitumor clinical trials. Despite many detailed pharmacological studies, little is known of the molecular mode of action of TNP-470. Using a derivative of the TNP-470 parent compound, the fungal metabolite, fumagillin, we have purified a mammalian protein that is selectively and covalently bound by this natural product. This fumagillin binding protein was found to be a metalloprotease, methionine aminopeptidase (MetAP-2), that is highly conserved between human and Saccharomyces cerevisiae. In the absence of MetAP-1, a distantly related methionine aminopeptidase, MetAP-2 function is essential for vegetative growth in yeast. We demonstrate that fumagillin selectively inhibits the S. cerevisiae MetAP-2 protein in vivo. The binding is highly specific as judged by the failure of fumagillin to inhibit MetAP-1 in vivo. Hence, these results identify MetAP-2 as an important target of study in the analysis of the potent biological activities of fumagillin.	1
Title: Characterization of two cytochrome P450 monooxygenase genes of the pyripyropene biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium coprobium Abstract: Pyripyropenes are potent inhibitors of acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase, which were initially discovered to be produced by Aspergillus fumigatus. Recently, Penicillium coprobium PF1169 has also found to produce pyripyropene A (PyA), which exhibits insecticidal properties. Pyripyropenes are natural hybrid products of both terpenoid and polyketide origin. In our research, based on data generated using the Genome Sequencer FLX for P. coprobium PF1169, we predicted the biosynthetic gene cluster of PyA by blast analysis comparing with polyketide synthase and prenyltransferase of other species. By screening the genomic fosmid library, nine open reading frames (ppb1 to ppb9) related to the biosynthesis of PyA were deduced. Among them, two cytochrome P450 monooxygenase genes (ppb3 and ppb4) were separately introduced into the model fungus A. oryzae. Bioconversion of certain predicted intermediates in the transformants has elucidated the manner of hydroxylation in the biosynthetic pathway by the expressed products of these two genes (P450-1 and P450-2). That is, P450-1 exhibits monooxygenase activity and plays the hydroxylation role at C-11 of pyripyropene E. While P450-2 plays an active role in the hydroxylation of C-7 and C-13 of pyripyropene O.	1
Title: Identification and analysis of the chivosazol biosynthetic gene cluster from the myxobacterial model strain Sorangium cellulosum So ce56 Abstract: Myxobacteria belonging to the genus Sorangium are known to produce a variety of biologically active secondary metabolites. Chivosazol is a macrocyclic antibiotic active against yeast, filamentous fungi and especially against mammalian cells. The compound specifically destroys the actin skeleton of eucaryotic cells and does not show activity against bacteria. Chivosazol contains an oxazole ring and a glycosidically bound 6-deoxyglucose (except for chivosazol F). In this paper we describe the biosynthetic gene cluster that directs chivosazol biosynthesis in the model strain Sorangium cellulosum So ce56. This biosynthetic gene cluster spans 92 kbp on the chromosome and contains four polyketide synthase genes and one hybrid polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene. An additional gene encoding a protein with similarity to different methyltransferases and presumably involved in post-polyketide modification was identified downstream of the core biosynthetic gene cluster. The chivosazol biosynthetic gene locus belongs to the recently identified and rapidly growing class of trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthases, which do not contain acyltransferase domains integrated into the multimodular megasynthetases.	1
Title: Kirromycin, an inhibitor of protein biosynthesis that acts on elongation factor Tu Abstract: Kirromycin, a new inhibitor of protein synthesis, is shown to interfere with the peptide transfer reaction by acting on elongation factor Tu (EF-Tu). All the reactions associated with this elongation factor are affected. Formation of the EF-Tu.GTP complex is strongly stimulated. Peptide bond formation is prevented only when Phe-tRNA(Phe) is bound enzymatically to ribosomes, presumably because GTP hydrolysis associated with enzymatic binding of Phe-tRNA(Phe) is not followed by release of EF-Tu.GDP from the ribosome. This antibiotic also enables EF-Tu to catalyze the binding of Phe-tRNA(Phe) to the poly(U).ribosome complex even in the absence of GTP. EF-Tu activity in the GTPase reaction is dramatically affected by kirromycin: GTP hydrolysis, which normally requires ribosomes and aminoacyl-tRNA, takes place with the elongation factor alone. This GTPase shows the same K(m) for GTP as the one dependent on Phe-tRNA(Phe) and ribosomes in the absence of the antibiotic. Ribosomes and Phe-tRNA(Phe), but not tRNA(Phe) or Ac-Phe-tRNA(Phe), stimulate the kirromycin-induced EF-Tu GTPase. These results indicate that the catalytic center of EF-Tu GTPase that is dependent upon aminoacyl-tRNA and ribosomes is primarily located on the elongation factor. In conclusion, kirromycin can substitute for GTP, aminoacyl-tRNA, or ribosomes in various reactions involving EF-Tu, apparently by affecting the allosteric controls between the sites on the EF-Tu molecule interacting with these components.	1
Title: Molecular analysis of the kirromycin biosynthetic gene cluster revealed beta-alanine as precursor of the pyridone moiety Abstract: Kirromycin is a complex linear polyketide that acts as a protein biosynthesis inhibitor by binding to the bacterial elongation factor Tu. The kirromycin biosynthetic gene cluster was isolated from the producer, Streptomyces collinus Tü 365, and confirmed by targeted disruption of essential biosynthesis genes. Kirromycin is synthesized by a large hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) encoded by the genes kirAI-kirAVI. This complex involves some very unusual features, including the absence of internal acyltransferase (AT) domains in KirAI-KirAV, multiple split-ups of PKS modules on separate genes, and swapping in the domain organization. Interestingly, one PKS enzyme, KirAVI, contains internal AT domains. Based on in silico analysis, a route to pyridone formation involving PKS and NRPS steps was postulated. This hypothesis was experimentally proven by feeding studies with [U-13C3(15)N]beta-alanine and NMR and MS analyses of the isolated pure kirromycin.	1
Title: Supramolecular templating in kirromycin biosynthesis: the acyltransferase KirCII loads ethylmalonyl-CoA extender onto a specific ACP of the trans-AT PKS Abstract: In the biosynthesis of complex polyketides, acyltransferase domains (ATs) are key determinants of structural diversity. Their specificity and position in polyketide synthases (PKSs) usually controls the location and structure of building blocks in polyketides. Many bioactive polyketides, however, are generated by trans-AT PKSs lacking internal AT domains. They were previously believed to use mainly malonyl-specific free-standing ATs. Here, we report a mechanism of structural diversification, in which the trans-AT KirCII regiospecifically incorporates the unusual extender unit ethylmalonyl-CoA in kirromycin polyketide biosynthesis.	1
Title: The phosphopantetheinyl transferase KirP activates the ACP and PCP domains of the kirromycin NRPS/PKS of Streptomyces collinus Tü 365 Abstract: The main steps in the biosynthesis of complex secondary metabolites such as the antibiotic kirromycin are catalyzed by modular polyketide synthases (PKS) and/or nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS). During antibiotic assembly, the biosynthetic intermediates are attached to carrier protein domains of these megaenzymes via a phosphopantetheinyl arm. This functional group of the carrier proteins is attached post-translationally by a phosphopantetheinyl transferase (PPTase). No experimental evidence exists about how such an activation of the carrier proteins of the kirromycin PKS/NRPS is accomplished. Here we report on the characterization of the PPTase KirP, which is encoded by a gene located in the kirromycin biosynthetic gene cluster. An inactivation of the kirP gene resulted in a 90% decrease in kirromycin production, indicating a substantial role for KirP in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic. In enzymatic assays, KirP was able to activate both acyl carrier protein and petidyl carrier domains of the kirromycin PKS/NRPS. In addition to coenzyme A (CoA), which is the natural substrate of KirP, the enzyme was able to transfer acyl-phosphopantetheinyl groups to the apo forms of the carrier proteins. Thus, KirP is very flexible in terms of both CoA substrate and carrier protein specificity. Our results indicate that KirP is the main PPTases that activates the carrier proteins in kirromycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: SimReg1 is a master switch for biosynthesis and export of simocyclinone D8 and its precursors Abstract: Analysis of the simocyclinone biosynthesis (sim) gene cluster of Streptomyces antibioticus Tü6040 led to the identification of a putative pathway specific regulatory gene simReg1. In silico analysis places the SimReg1 protein in the OmpR-PhoB subfamily of response regulators. Gene replacement of simReg1 from the S. antibioticus chromosome completely abolishes simocyclinone production indicating that SimReg1 is a key regulator of simocyclinone biosynthesis. Results of the DNA-shift assays and reporter gene expression analysis are consistent with the idea that SimReg1 activates transcription of simocyclinone biosynthesis, transporter genes, regulatory gene simReg3 and his own transcription. The presence of extracts (simocyclinone) from S. antibioticus Tü6040 × pSSimR1-1 could dissociate SimReg1 from promoter regions. A preliminary model for regulation of simocyclinone biosynthesis and export is discussed.	1
Title: Simocyclinones, novel cytostatic angucyclinone antibiotics produced by Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040 II. Structure elucidation and biosynthesis Abstract: The simocyclinones D4 (1) and D8 (2), members of a novel class of antibiotics, were isolated from the mycelial extract of Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040 and consist of angucyclinone, deoxysugar, octatetraene dicarboxylate and aminocoumarin structural elements. The structure elucidation was done by one and two dimensional NMR experiments, and other spectroscopic methods in combination with incorporation experiments using 13C labelled precursors.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster of simocyclinone, a natural multihybrid antibiotic Abstract: The entire simocyclinone biosynthetic cluster (sim gene cluster) from the producer Streptomyces antibioticus Tü6040 was identified on six overlapping cosmids (1N1, 5J10, 2L16, 2P6, 4G22, and 1K3). In total, 80.7 kb of DNA from these cosmids was sequenced, and the analysis revealed 49 complete open reading frames (ORFs). These ORFs include genes responsible for the formation and attachment of four different moieties originating from at least three different pools of primary metabolites. Also in the sim gene cluster, four ORFs were detected that resemble putative regulatory and export functions. Based on the putative function of the gene products, a model for simocyclinone D8 biosynthesis was proposed. Biosynthetic mutants were generated by insertional gene inactivation experiments, and culture extracts of these mutants were analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography. Production of simocyclinone D8 was clearly detectable in the wild-type strain but was not detectable in the mutant strains. This indicated that indeed the sim gene cluster had been cloned.	1
Title: Coupling of the biosynthesis and export of the DNA gyrase inhibitor simocyclinone in Streptomyces antibioticus Abstract: Because most antibiotics are potentially lethal to the producing organism, there must be mechanisms to ensure that the machinery responsible for export of the mature antibiotic is in place at the time of biosynthesis. Simocyclinone D8 is a potent DNA gyrase inhibitor produced by Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040. Within the simocyclinone biosynthetic cluster are two divergently transcribed genes, simR and simX, encoding proteins that resemble the TetR/TetA repressor-efflux pump pair that cause widespread resistance to clinically important tetracyclines. Engineered expression of simX from a strong, heterologous promoter conferred high level simocyclinone D8 resistance on Streptomyces lividans, showing that simX encodes a simocyclinone efflux pump. Transcription of simX is controlled by SimR, which directly represses the simX and simR promoters by binding to two operator sites in the simX-simR intergenic region. Simocyclinone D8 abolishes DNA binding by SimR, providing a mechanism that couples the biosynthesis of simocyclinone to its export. In addition, an intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway, simocyclinone C4, which is essentially inactive as a DNA gyrase inhibitor, also induces simX expression in vivo and relieves simX repression by SimR in vitro.	1
Title: Overexpression, purification and characterization of SimL, an amide synthetase involved in simocyclinone biosynthesis Abstract: Simocyclinone D8 is a potent inhibitor of bacterial gyrase, produced by Streptomyces antibioticus Tu 6040. It contains an aminocoumarin moiety, similar to that of novobiocin, which is linked by an amide bond to a structurally complex acyl moiety, consisting of an aromatic angucycline polyketide nucleus, the deoxysugar olivose and a tetraene dicarboxylic acid. We have now investigated the enzyme SimL, responsible for the formation of the amide bond of simocyclinone. The gene was cloned, expressed in S. lividans T7, and the protein was purified to near homogeneity, and characterized. The 60 kDa protein catalyzed both the ATP-dependent activation of the acyl component as well as its transfer to the amino group of the aminocoumarin ring, with no requirement for a 4'-phosphopantetheinyl cofactor. Besides its natural substrate, simocyclinone C4, SimL also accepted a range of cinnamic and benzoic acid derivatives and several other, structurally very diverse acids. These findings make SimL a possible tool for the creation of new aminocoumarin antibiotics.	1
Title: Characterization of the aminocoumarin ligase SimL from the simocyclinone pathway and tandem incubation with NovM,P,N from the novobiocin pathway Abstract: Simocyclinone D(8) consists of an anguicycline C-glycoside tethered by a tetraene diester linker to an aminocoumarin. Unlike the antibiotics novobiocin, clorobiocin, and coumermycin A(1), the phenolic hydroxyl group of the aminocoumarin in simocyclinone is not glycosylated with a decorated noviosyl moiety that is the pharmacophore for targeting bacterial DNA gyrase. We have expressed the Streptomyces antibioticus simocyclinone ligase SimL, purified it from Escherichia coli, and established its ATP-dependent amide bond forming activity with a variety of polyenoic acids including retinoic acid and fumagillin. We have then used the last three enzymes from the novobiocin pathway, NovM, NovP, and NovN, to convert a SimL product to a novel novobiocin analogue, in which the 3-prenyl-4-hydroxybenzoate of novobiocin is replaced with a tetraenoate moiety, to evaluate antibacterial activity.	1
Title: SimC7 Is a Novel NAD(P)H-Dependent Ketoreductase Essential for the Antibiotic Activity of the DNA Gyrase Inhibitor Simocyclinone Abstract: Simocyclinone D8 (SD8) is a potent DNA gyrase inhibitor produced by Streptomyces antibioticus Tü6040. The simocyclinone (sim) biosynthetic gene cluster has been sequenced and a hypothetical biosynthetic pathway has been proposed. The tetraene linker in SD8 was suggested to be the product of a modular type I polyketide synthase working in trans with two monofunctional enzymes. One of these monofunctional enzymes, SimC7, was proposed to supply a dehydratase activity missing from two modules of the polyketide synthase. In this study, we report the function of SimC7. We isolated the entire ~72-kb sim cluster on a single phage artificial chromosome clone and produced simocyclinone heterologously in a Streptomyces coelicolor strain engineered for improved antibiotic production. Deletion of simC7 resulted in the production of a novel simocyclinone, 7-oxo-SD8, which unexpectedly carried a normal tetraene linker but was altered in the angucyclinone moiety. We demonstrate that SimC7 is an NAD(P)H-dependent ketoreductase that catalyzes the conversion of 7-oxo-SD8 into SD8. 7-oxo-SD8 was essentially inactive as a DNA gyrase inhibitor, and the reduction of the keto group by SimC7 was shown to be crucial for high-affinity binding to the enzyme. Thus, SimC7 is an angucyclinone ketoreductase that is essential for the biological activity of simocyclinone.	1
Title: Unconventional origin and hybrid system for construction of pyrrolopyrrole moiety in kosinostatin biosynthesis Abstract: Kosinostatin (KST), an antitumor antibiotic, features a pyrrolopyrrole moiety spirally jointed to a five-membered ring of an anthraquinone framework glycosylated with a γ-branched octose. By a combination of in silico analysis, genetic characterization, biochemical assay, and precursor feeding experiments, a biosynthetic pathway for KST was proposed, which revealed (1) the pyrrolopyrrole moiety originates from nicotinic acid and ribose, (2) the bicyclic amidine is constructed by a process similar to the tryptophan biosynthetic pathway, and (3) a discrete adenylation enzyme and a peptidyl carrier protein (PCP) are responsible for producing a PCP-tethered building block parallel to type II polyketide synthase (PKS) rather than for the PKS priming step by providing the starter unit. These findings provide an opportunity to further explore the inexplicable enzymatic logic that governs the formation of pyrrolopyrrole moiety and the spirocyclic skeleton.	1
Title: Genome Sequence of Streptomyces olindensis DAUFPE 5622, Producer of the Antitumoral Anthracycline Cosmomycin D Abstract: Streptomyces olindensis DAUFPE 5622, which was isolated from a Brazilian soil sample, produces the antitumor anthracycline cosmomycin D. The genome sequence is 9.4 Mb in length, with a G+C content of 71%. Thirty-four putative secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters were identified, including the cosmomycin D cluster.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of the aurachin RE biosynthesis gene cluster afford a new cytochrome P450 for quinoline N-hydroxylation Abstract: Aurachin RE is a prenylated quinoline antibiotic that was first isolated from the genus Rhodococcus. It shows potent antibacterial activity against a variety of Gram-positive bacteria. Here we have identified a minimal biosynthesis gene cluster for aurachin RE in Rhodococcus erythropolis JCM 6824 by using random transposon mutagenesis and heterologous production. The Rhodococcus aurachin (rau) gene cluster consists of genes encoding cytochrome P450 (rauA), prenyltransferase, polyketide synthase, and farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, as well as others including genes involved in regulation and transport. Markerless gene disruption of rauA resulted in the complete loss of aurachin RE production and in the accumulation of a new aurachin derivative lacking the N-hydroxy group. When the recombinant RauA was expressed in Escherichia coli, it catalyzed N-hydroxylation of the derivative to form aurachin RE. This study establishes the biosynthetic pathway of aurachin RE and provides experimental evidence for the role of P450 RauA in catalyzing N-hydroxylation of the quinoline ring, which is indispensable for the antibacterial activity of aurachin RE.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthesis gene cluster for alkyl-O-dihydrogeranyl-methoxyhydroquinones in Actinoplanes missouriensis Abstract: A polyketide biosynthesis gene cluster (agq) was found on the genome of a rare actinomycete, Actinoplanes missouriensis. Streptomyces lividans expressing agqA encoding a type III polyketide synthase produced alkylresorcinols mainly from C(16-17) fatty acids. Heterologous expression of the agq genes in S. lividans indicated the function of cognate polyketide modification enzymes; a monooxygenase AgqB hydroxylates the alkylresorcinols to yield 6-alkyl-2-hydroxyhydroquinones, a methyltransferase AgqC catalyzes O-methylation of the alkyl-hydroxyhydroquinones to yield 6-alkyl-2-methoxyhydroquinones, and a UbiA-like prenyltransferase AgqD attaches a prenyl group to the C-4 hydroxy group of the alkyl-methoxyhydroquinones to yield 6-alkyl-4-O-geranyl-2-methoxyhydroquinones and 6-alkyl-4-O-dihydrofarnesyl-2-methoxyhydroquinones derived from C(16-17) fatty acids. In contrast, A. missouriensis was found to produce 6-alkyl-4-O-dihydrogeranyl-2-methoxyhydroquinones derived from C(16-18) fatty acids by the function of the agq gene cluster. All of these prenylated phenolic lipids were novel compounds.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of a natural polyketide-isoprenoid hybrid compound, furaquinocin A: identification and heterologous expression of the gene cluster Abstract: Furaquinocin (FQ) A, produced by Streptomyces sp. strain KO-3988, is a natural polyketide-isoprenoid hybrid compound that exhibits a potent antitumor activity. As a first step toward understanding the biosynthetic machinery of this unique and pharmaceutically useful compound, we have cloned an FQ A biosynthetic gene cluster by taking advantage of the fact that an isoprenoid biosynthetic gene cluster generally exists in flanking regions of the mevalonate (MV) pathway gene cluster in actinomycetes. Interestingly, Streptomyces sp. strain KO-3988 was the first example of a microorganism equipped with two distinct mevalonate pathway gene clusters. We were able to localize a 25-kb DNA region that harbored FQ A biosynthetic genes (fur genes) in both the upstream and downstream regions of one of the MV pathway gene clusters (MV2) by using heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans TK23. This was the first example of a gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of a polyketide-isoprenoid hybrid compound. We have also confirmed that four genes responsible for viguiepinol [3-hydroxypimara-9(11),15-diene] biosynthesis exist in the upstream region of the other MV pathway gene cluster (MV1), which had previously been cloned from strain KO-3988. This was the first example of prokaryotic enzymes with these biosynthetic functions. By phylogenetic analysis, these two MV pathway clusters were identified as probably being independently distributed in strain KO-3988 (orthologs), rather than one cluster being generated by the duplication of the other cluster (paralogs).	1
Title: A stereoselective vanadium-dependent chloroperoxidase in bacterial antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: Halogenases catalyze reactions that introduce halogen atoms into electron-rich organic molecules. Vanadium-dependent haloperoxidases are generally considered to be promiscuous halogenating enzymes that have thus far been derived exclusively from eukaryotes, where their cellular function is often disputed. We now report the first biochemical characterization of a bacterial vanadium-dependent chloroperoxidase, NapH1 from Streptomyces sp. CNQ-525, which catalyzes a highly stereoselective chlorination-cyclization reaction in napyradiomycin antibiotic biosynthesis. This finding biochemically links a vanadium chloroperoxidase to microbial natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Mutational analysis of a phenazine biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces anulatus 9663 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for endophenazines, i.e., prenylated phenazines from Streptomyces anulatus 9663, was heterologously expressed in several engineered host strains derived from Streptomyces coelicolor M145. The highest production levels were obtained in strain M512. Mutations in the rpoB and rpsL genes of the host, which result in increased production of other secondary metabolites, had no beneficial effect on the production of phenazines. The heterologous expression strains produced, besides the known phenazine compounds, a new prenylated phenazine, termed endophenazine E. The structure of endophenazine E was determined by high-resolution mass spectrometry and by one- and two-dimensional NMR spectroscopy. It represented a conjugate of endophenazine A (9-dimethylallylphenazine-1-carboxylic acid) and L-glutamine (L-Gln), with the carboxyl group of endophenazine A forming an amide bond to the α-amino group of L-Gln. Gene inactivation experiments in the gene cluster proved that ppzM codes for a phenazine N-methyltransferase. The gene ppzV apparently represents a new type of TetR-family regulator, specifically controlling the prenylation in endophenazine biosynthesis. The gene ppzY codes for a LysR-type regulator and most likely controls the biosynthesis of the phenazine core. A further putative transcriptional regulator is located in the vicinity of the cluster, but was found not to be required for phenazine or endophenazine formation. This is the first investigation of the regulatory genes of phenazine biosynthesis in Streptomyces.	1
Title: Aromatic prenylation in phenazine biosynthesis: dihydrophenazine-1-carboxylate dimethylallyltransferase from Streptomyces anulatus Abstract: The bacterium Streptomyces anulatus 9663, isolated from the intestine of different arthropods, produces prenylated derivatives of phenazine 1-carboxylic acid. From this organism, we have identified the prenyltransferase gene ppzP. ppzP resides in a gene cluster containing orthologs of all genes known to be involved in phenazine 1-carboxylic acid biosynthesis in Pseudomonas strains as well as genes for the six enzymes required to generate dimethylallyl diphosphate via the mevalonate pathway. This is the first complete gene cluster of a phenazine natural compound from streptomycetes. Heterologous expression of this cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M512 resulted in the formation of prenylated derivatives of phenazine 1-carboxylic acid. After inactivation of ppzP, only nonprenylated phenazine 1-carboxylic acid was formed. Cloning, overexpression, and purification of PpzP resulted in a 37-kDa soluble protein, which was identified as a 5,10-dihydrophenazine 1-carboxylate dimethylallyltransferase, forming a C-C bond between C-1 of the isoprenoid substrate and C-9 of the aromatic substrate. In contrast to many other prenyltransferases, the reaction of PpzP is independent of the presence of magnesium or other divalent cations. The K(m) value for dimethylallyl diphosphate was determined as 116 microm. For dihydro-PCA, half-maximal velocity was observed at 35 microm. K(cat) was calculated as 0.435 s(-1). PpzP shows obvious sequence similarity to a recently discovered family of prenyltransferases with aromatic substrates, the ABBA prenyltransferases. The present finding extends the substrate range of this family, previously limited to phenolic compounds, to include also phenazine derivatives.	1
Title: Endophenazines A-D, new phenazine antibiotics from the athropod associated endosymbiont Streptomyces anulatus II. Structure elucidation Abstract: A detailed screening of the secondary metabolite pattern produced by different athropod associated strains of the species Streptomyces anulatus resulted in the isolation and structure elucidation of the endophenazines A-D (2, 4-6). The structures were assigned by spectroscopic methods and chemical transformations. 4 represents a chromophoric system based on a phenazin-7-one, 5 and 6 are new 5,10-dihydrophenazine derivatives.	1
Title: Molecular cloning and genetic analysis of an indole-diterpene gene cluster from Penicillium paxilli Abstract: The indole-diterpene paxilline is a potent tremorgenic mammalian mycotoxin and a known inhibitor of maxi-K ion channels. The gene cluster responsible for paxilline biosynthesis in Penicillium paxilli was identified by mapping four large plasmid-induced chromosome deletions. The cluster is predicted to lie within a 50 kb region of chromosome Va and to contain 17 genes, including a geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate (GGPP) synthase (paxG), two FAD-dependent monooxygenases (paxM and N), two cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (paxP and Q), a dimethylallyltryptophan (DMAT) synthase (paxD) and two possible transcription factors (paxR and paxS), which contain a Zn(II)2Cys6 DNA-binding motif. Targeted replacement of paxG confirmed that it is essential for paxilline biosynthesis but dispensable for growth. The GGPP for primary metabolism is predicted to be provided by a second GGPP synthase (ggs1) that was cloned, sequenced and mapped to chromosome IV. Semi-quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction analysis demonstrated that the expression of paxG, paxM and paxP in submerged liquid cultures of P. paxilli increased dramatically with the onset of paxilline biosynthesis. In contrast, the expression of beta-tubulin (tub2) and ggs1 was not induced. This is the first description of the molecular cloning and genetic analysis of an indole-diterpene gene cluster.	1
Title: Four gene products are required for the fungal synthesis of the indole-diterpene, paspaline Abstract: Paspaline belongs to a large, structurally and functionally diverse group of indole-diterpenes synthesized by filamentous fungi. However, the identity of the gene products required for the biosynthesis of paspaline, a key intermediate for the synthesis of paxilline and other indole-diterpenes, is not known. Transfer of constructs containing different pax gene combinations into a paxilline negative deletion derivative of Penicillium paxilli demonstrated that just four proteins, PaxG, a geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase, PaxM, a FAD-dependent monooxygenase, PaxB, a putative membrane protein, and PaxC, a prenyl transferase, are required for the biosynthesis of paspaline.	1
Title: Defining paxilline biosynthesis in Penicillium paxilli: functional characterization of two cytochrome P450 monooxygenases Abstract: Indole diterpenes are a large, structurally and functionally diverse group of secondary metabolites produced by filamentous fungi. Biosynthetic schemes have been proposed for these metabolites but until recently none of the proposed steps had been validated by biochemical or genetic studies. Using Penicillium paxilli as a model experimental system to study indole diterpene biosynthesis we previously showed by deletion analysis that a cluster of seven genes is required for paxilline biosynthesis. Two of these pax genes, paxP and paxQ (encoding cytochrome P450 monooxygenases), are required in the later steps in this pathway. Here, we describe the function of paxP and paxQ gene products by feeding proposed paxilline intermediates to strains lacking the pax cluster but containing ectopically integrated copies of paxP or paxQ. Transformants containing paxP converted paspaline into 13-desoxypaxilline as the major product and beta-PC-M6 as the minor product. beta-PC-M6, but not alpha-PC-M6, was also a substrate for PaxP and was converted to 13-desoxypaxilline. paxQ-containing transformants converted 13-desoxypaxilline into paxilline. These results confirm that paspaline, beta-PC-M6, and 13-desoxypaxilline are paxilline intermediates and that paspaline and beta-PC-M6 are substrates for PaxP, and 13-desoxypaxilline is a substrate for PaxQ. PaxP and PaxQ also utilized beta-paxitriol and alpha-PC-M6 as substrates converting them to paxilline and alpha-paxitriol, respectively. These findings have allowed us to delineate clearly the biosynthetic pathway for paxilline for the first time.	1
Title: Functional analysis and subcellular localization of two geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthases from Penicillium paxilli Abstract: The filamentous fungus Penicillium paxilli contains two distinct geranylgeranyl diphosphate (GGPP) synthases, GgsA and GgsB (PaxG). PaxG and its homologues in Neotyphodium lolii and Fusarium fujikuroi are associated with diterpene secondary metabolite gene clusters. The genomes of other filamentous fungi including Aspergillus fumigatus, Aspergillus nidulans, Aspergillus niger, Aspergillus oryzae and Fusarium graminearum also contain two or more copies of GGPP synthase genes, although the diterpene metabolite capability of these fungi is not known. The objective of this study was to understand the biological significance of the presence of two copies of GGPP synthases in P. paxilli by investigating their subcellular localization. Using a carotenoid complementation assay and gene deletion analysis, we show that P. paxilli GgsA and PaxG have GGPP synthase activities and that paxG is required for paxilline biosynthesis, respectively. In the DeltapaxG mutant background ggsA was unable to complement paxilline biosynthesis. A GgsA-EGFP fusion protein was localized to punctuate organelles and the EGFP-GRV fusion protein, containing the C-terminus tripeptide GRV of PaxG, was localized to peroxisomes. A truncated PaxG mutant lacking the C-terminus tripeptide GRV was unable to complement a DeltapaxG mutant demonstrating that the tripeptide is functionally important for paxilline biosynthesis.	1
Title: Deletion and gene expression analyses define the paxilline biosynthetic gene cluster in Penicillium paxilli Abstract: The indole-diterpene paxilline is an abundant secondary metabolite synthesized by Penicillium paxilli. In total, 21 genes have been identified at the PAX locus of which six have been previously confirmed to have a functional role in paxilline biosynthesis. A combination of bioinformatics, gene expression and targeted gene replacement analyses were used to define the boundaries of the PAX gene cluster. Targeted gene replacement identified seven genes, paxG, paxA, paxM, paxB, paxC, paxP and paxQ that were all required for paxilline production, with one additional gene, paxD, required for regular prenylation of the indole ring post paxilline synthesis. The two putative transcription factors, PP104 and PP105, were not co-regulated with the pax genes and based on targeted gene replacement, including the double knockout, did not have a role in paxilline production. The relationship of indole dimethylallyl transferases involved in prenylation of indole-diterpenes such as paxilline or lolitrem B, can be found as two disparate clades, not supported by prenylation type (e.g., regular or reverse). This paper provides insight into the P. paxilli indole-diterpene locus and reviews the recent advances identified in paxilline biosynthesis.	1
Title: Reconstitution of biosynthetic machinery for indole-diterpene paxilline in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: Indole-diterpenes represented by paxilline share a common pentacyclic core skeleton derived from indole and geranylgeranyl diphosphate. To shed light on the detailed biosynthetic mechanism of the paspaline-type hexacyclic skeleton, we examined the reconstitution of paxilline biosynthetic machinery in Aspergillus oryzae NSAR1. Stepwise introduction of the six pax genes enabled us to isolate all biosynthetic intermediates and to synthesize paxilline. In vitro and in vivo studies on the key enzymes, prenyltransferase PaxC and cyclase PaxB, allowed us to elucidate actual substrates of these enzymes. Using the isolated and the synthesized epoxide substrates, the highly intriguing stepwide epoxidation/cyclization mechanism for the construction of core structure has been confirmed. In addition, we also demonstrated "tandem transformation" to simultaneously introduce two genes using a single vector (paxG/paxB, pAdeA; paxP/paxQ, pUNA). This may provide further option for the reconstitution strategy to synthesize more complex fungal metabolites.	1
Title: Functional analysis of a prenyltransferase gene (paxD) in the paxilline biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Paxilline is an indole-diterpene produced by Penicillium paxilli. Six genes (paxB, C, G, M, P, and Q) in paxilline biosynthetic gene cluster were previously shown to be responsible for paxilline biosynthesis. In this study, we have characterized paxD, which is located next to paxQ and has weak similarities to fungal dimethylallyl tryptophan synthase genes. PaxD was overexpressed in Escherichia coli and the purified enzyme was used for in vitro analysis. When paxilline and dimethylallyl diphosphate were used as substrates, one major and one minor product, which were identified as di-prenyl paxilline and mono-prenyl paxilline by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis, were formed. The structure of the major product was determined to be 21,22-diprenylated paxilline, showing that PaxD catalyzed the successive di-prenylation. Traces of both products were detected in culture broth of P. paxilli by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis. The enzyme is likely to be a dimer and required no divalent cations. The optimum pH and temperature were 8.0 and 37 °C, respectively. The Km values were calculated as 106.4 ± 5.4 μM for paxilline and 0.57 ± 0.02 μM for DMAPP with a kcat of 0.97 ± 0.01/s.	1
Title: Merochlorins A-D, cyclic meroterpenoid antibiotics biosynthesized in divergent pathways with vanadium-dependent chloroperoxidases Abstract: Meroterpenoids are mixed polyketide-terpenoid natural products with a broad range of biological activities. Herein, we present the structures of four new meroterpenoid antibiotics, merochlorins A-D, produced by the marine bacterium Streptomyces sp. strain CNH-189, which possess novel chemical skeletons unrelated to known bacterial agents. Draft genome sequencing, mutagenesis, and heterologous biosynthesis in the genome-minimized model actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor provided the 57.6 kb merochlorin gene cluster that contains two genes encoding rare bacterial vanadium-dependent haloperoxidase (VHPO) genes. Pathway expression of two different fosmid clones that differ largely by the presence or absence of the VHPO gene mcl40 resulted in the differential biosynthesis of merochlorin C, suggesting that Mcl40 catalyzes an unprecedented 15-membered chloronium-induced macrocyclization reaction converting merochlorin D to merochlorin C.	1
Title: Genome-based characterization of two prenylation steps in the assembly of the stephacidin and notoamide anticancer agents in a marine-derived Aspergillus sp Abstract: Stephacidin and notoamide natural products belong to a group of prenylated indole alkaloids containing a core bicyclo[2.2.2]diazaoctane ring system. These bioactive fungal secondary metabolites have a range of unusual structural and stereochemical features but their biosynthesis has remained uncharacterized. Herein, we report the first biosynthetic gene cluster for this class of fungal alkaloids based on whole genome sequencing of a marine-derived Aspergillus sp. Two central pathway enzymes catalyzing both normal and reverse prenyltransfer reactions were characterized in detail. Our results establish the early steps for creation of the prenylated indole alkaloid structure and suggest a scheme for the biosynthesis of stephacidin and notoamide metabolites. The work provides the first genetic and biochemical insights for understanding the structural diversity of this important family of fungal alkaloids.	1
Title: A methyltransferase initiates terpene cyclization in teleocidin B biosynthesis Abstract: Teleocidin B is an indole terpenoid isolated from Streptomyces. Due to its unique chemical structure and ability to activate protein kinase C, it has attracted interest in the areas of organic chemistry and cell biology. Here, we report the identification of genes encoding enzymes for teleocidin B biosynthesis, including nonribosomal peptide synthetase (tleA), P-450 monooxygenase (tleB), prenyltransferase (tleC), and methyltransferase (tleD). The tleD gene, which is located outside of the tleABC cluster on the chromosome, was identified by transcriptional analysis and heterologous expression. Remarkably, TleD not only installs a methyl group on the geranyl moiety of the precursor but also facilitates the nucleophilic attack from the electron-rich indole to the resultant cation, to form the indole-fused six-membered ring. This is the first demonstration of a cation, generated from methylation, triggering successive terpenoid ring closure.	1
Title: Albicidin pathotoxin produced by Xanthomonas albilineans is encoded by three large PKS and NRPS genes present in a gene cluster also containing several putative modifying, regulatory, and resistance genes Abstract: Xanthomonas albilineans, which causes leaf scald disease of sugarcane, produces a highly potent pathotoxin called albicidin. We report here sequencing and homology analysis of the major gene cluster, XALB1 (55,839 bp), and a second, smaller region, XALB2 (2,986 bp), involved in albicidin biosynthesis. XALB1 contains 20 open reading frames, including i) three large genes with a modular architecture characteristic of polyketide synthases (PKSs) and nonribosomal peptide synthases (NRPSs) and ii) several putative modifying, regulatory, and resistance genes. Sequencing and complementation studies of six albicidin-defective mutants enabled us to confirm the involvement of the three PKS and NRPS genes encoded by XALB1 in albicidin production. XALB2 contains only one gene that is required for post-translational activation of PKS and NRPS enzymes, confirming the involvement of these enzymes in albicidin biosynthesis. In silico analysis of these three PKS or NRPS enzymes allowed us to propose a model for the albicidin backbone assembly and to gain insight into the structural features of this pathotoxin. This is the first description of a complete mixed PKS-NRPS gene cluster for toxin production in the genus Xanthomonas.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the myxobacterial antibiotic corallopyronin A Abstract: Corallopyronin A is a myxobacterial compound with potent antibacterial activity. Feeding experiments with labelled precursors resulted in the deduction of all biosynthetic building blocks for corallopyronin A and revealed an unusual feature of this metabolite: its biosynthesis from two chains, one solely PKS-derived and the other NRPS/PKS-derived. The starter molecule is believed to be carbonic acid or its monomethyl ester. The putative corallopyronin A biosynthetic gene cluster is a trans-AT-type mixed PKS/NRPS gene cluster, containing a beta-branching cassette. Striking features of this gene cluster are a NRPS-like adenylation domain that is part of a PKS-type module and is believed to be responsible for glycine incorporation, as well as split modules with individual domains occurring on different genes. It is suggested that CorB is a trans-acting ketosynthase and it is proposed that it catalyses the Claisen condensation responsible for the interconnection of the two chains. Additionally, the stereochemistry of corallopyronin A was deduced by a combination of a modified Mosher's method and ozonolysis with subsequent chiral GC analyses.	1
Title: The biosynthetic genes for disorazoles, potent cytotoxic compounds that disrupt microtubule formation Abstract: Disorazoles are polyketides produced by the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum So ce12. Their mode of action is to inhibit tubulin polymerization and destabilize microtubules. Using transposon mutagenesis, two mutant strains were identified that produced no disorazoles. Sequencing the DNA flanking the insertions revealed a polyketide synthase gene cluster that would encode three polypeptides, DszA, DszB, and DszC, with DszC containing both nonribosomal peptide synthetase and polyketide synthase modules. The disorazole polyketide synthase modules lack an acyltransferase domain. Instead, a separate gene, dszD, encodes an AT protein, thus revealing that the disorazole gene cluster falls into the trans-AT Type I family of PKS enzymes.	1
Title: Enacyloxins are products of an unusual hybrid modular polyketide synthase encoded by a cryptic Burkholderia ambifaria Genomic Island Abstract: Gram-negative Burkholderia cepacia complex (Bcc) isolates were screened for antimicrobial activity against cystic fibrosis microbial pathogens, and the ability of B. ambifaria to inhibit B. multivorans was identified. The activity was mapped to a cluster of cryptic, quorum-sensing-regulated modular polyketide synthase (PKS) genes. Enacyloxin IIa and its stereoisomer designated iso-enacyloxin IIa were identified as metabolic products of the gene cluster, which encoded an unusual hybrid modular PKS consisting of multiple proteins with sequence similarity to cis-acyltransferase (cis-AT) PKSs and a single protein with sequence similarity to trans-AT PKSs. The discovery of the potent activity of enacyloxins against drug-resistant bacteria and the gene cluster that directs their production provides an opportunity for engineered biosynthesis of innovative enacyloxin derivatives and highlights the potential of Bcc bacteria as an underexploited resource for antibiotic discovery.	1
Title: Cloning, sequencing, and characterization of the iturin A operon Abstract: Bacillus subtilis RB14 is a producer of the antifungal lipopeptide iturin A. Using a transposon, we identified and cloned the iturin A synthetase operon of RB14, and the sequence of this operon was also determined. The iturin A operon spans a region that is more than 38 kb long and is composed of four open reading frames, ituD, ituA, ituB, and ituC. The ituD gene encodes a putative malonyl coenzyme A transacylase, whose disruption results in a specific deficiency in iturin A production. The second gene, ituA, encodes a 449-kDa protein that has three functional modules homologous to fatty acid synthetase, amino acid transferase, and peptide synthetase. The third gene, ituB, and the fourth gene, ituC, encode 609- and 297-kDa peptide synthetases that harbor four and two amino acid modules, respectively. Mycosubtilin, which is produced by B. subtilis ATCC 6633, has almost the same structure as iturin A, but the amino acids at positions 6 and 7 in the mycosubtilin sequence are D-Ser-->L-Asn, while in iturin A these amino acids are inverted (i.e., D-Asn-->L-Ser). Comparison of the amino acid sequences encoded by the iturin A operon and the mycosubtilin operon revealed that ituD, ituA, and ituB have high levels of homology to the counterpart genes fenF (79%), mycA (79%), and mycB (79%), respectively. Although the overall level of homology of the amino acid sequences encoded by ituC and mycC, the counterpart of ituC, is relatively low (64%), which indicates that there is a difference in the amino acid sequences of the two lipopeptides, the levels of homology between the putative serine adenylation domains and between the asparagine adenylation domains in the two synthetases are high (79 and 80%, respectively), implying that there is an intragenic domain change in the synthetases. The fact that the flanking sequence of the iturin A synthetase coding region was highly homologous to the flanking sequence that of xynD of B. subtilis 168 and the fact that the promoter of the iturin A operon which we identified was also conserved in an upstream sequence of xynD imply that horizontal transfer of this operon occurred. When the promoter was replaced by the repU promoter of the plasmid pUB110 replication protein, production of iturin A increased threefold.	1
Title: Isolation and purification of a new kalimantacin/batumin-related polyketide antibiotic and elucidation of its biosynthesis gene cluster Abstract: Kal/bat, a polyketide, isolated to high purity (>95%) is characterized by strong and selective antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus species (minimum inhibitory concentration, 0.05 microg/mL), and no resistance was observed in strains already resistant to commonly used antibiotics. The kal/bat biosynthesis gene cluster was determined to a 62 kb genomic region of Pseudomonas fluorescens BCCM_ID9359. The kal/bat gene cluster consists of 16 open reading frames (ORF), encoding a hybrid PKS-NRPS system, extended with trans-acting tailoring functions. A full model for kal/bat biosynthesis is postulated and experimentally tested by gene inactivation, structural confirmation (using NMR spectroscopy), and complementation. The structural and microbiological study of biosynthetic kal/bat analogs revealed the importance of the carbamoyl group and 17-keto group for antibacterial activity. The mechanism of self-resistance lies within the production of an inactive intermediate, which is activated in a one-step enzymatic oxidation upon export. The genetic basis and biochemical elucidation of the biosynthesis pathway of this antibiotic will facilitate rational engineering for the design of novel structures with improved activities. This makes it a promising new therapeutic option to cope with multidrug-resistant clinical infections.	1
Title: The kalimantacin/batumin biosynthesis operon encodes a self-resistance isoform of the FabI bacterial target Abstract: BatG is a trans-2-enoyl-ACP reductase, encoded in the kalimantacin/batumin (kal/bat) biosynthesis operon. It is not essential for the production of the kal/bat secondary metabolite. Instead, BatG is an isoform of FabI, conferring full resistance to target bacteria. It also complements FabI in its role in fatty acid biosynthesis. The identification of FabI as the antibacterial target is important to assess clinical potential of the kalimantacin/batumin antibiotics against Staphylococcus aureus.	1
Title: Identification and localization of the gene cluster encoding biosynthesis of the antitumor macrolactam leinamycin in Streptomyces atroolivaceus S-140 Abstract: Leinamycin (LNM), produced by Streptomyces atroolivaceus, is a thiazole-containing hybrid peptide-polyketide natural product structurally characterized with an unprecedented 1,3-dioxo-1,2-dithiolane moiety that is spiro-fused to a 18-member macrolactam ring. LNM exhibits a broad spectrum of antimicrobial and antitumor activities, most significantly against tumors that are resistant to clinically important anticancer drugs, resulting from its DNA cleavage activity in the presence of a reducing agent. Using a PCR approach to clone a thiazole-forming nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) as a probe, we localized a 172-kb DNA region from S. atroolivaceus S-140 that harbors the lnm biosynthetic gene cluster. Sequence analysis of 11-kb DNA revealed three genes, lnmG, lnmH, and lnmI, and the deduced product of lnmI is characterized by domains characteristic to both NRPS and polyketide synthase (PKS). The involvement of the cloned gene cluster in LNM biosynthesis was confirmed by disrupting the lnmI gene to generate non-LNM-producing mutants and by characterizing LnmI as a hybrid NRPS-PKS megasynthetase, the NRPS module of which specifies for L-Cys and catalyzes thiazole formation. These results have now set the stage for full investigations of LNM biosynthesis and for generation of novel LNM analogs by combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Type I polyketide synthase requiring a discrete acyltransferase for polyketide biosynthesis Abstract: Type I polyketide synthases (PKSs) are multifunctional enzymes that are organized into modules, each of which minimally contains a beta-ketoacyl synthase, an acyltransferase (AT), and an acyl carrier protein. Here we report that the leinamycin (LNM) biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces atroolivaceus S-140 consists of two PKS genes, lnmI and lnmJ, that encode six PKS modules, none of which contain the cognate AT domain. The only AT activity identified within the lnm gene cluster is a discrete AT protein encoded by lnmG. Inactivation of lnmG, lnmI, or lnmJ in vivo abolished LNM biosynthesis. Biochemical characterization of LnmG in vitro showed that it efficiently and specifically loaded malonyl CoA to all six PKS modules. These findings unveiled a previously unknown PKS architecture that is characterized by a discrete, iteratively acting AT protein that loads the extender units in trans to "AT-less" multifunctional type I PKS proteins for polyketide biosynthesis. This PKS structure provides opportunities for PKS engineering as exemplified by overexpressing lnmG to improve LNM production.	1
Title: Leinamycin biosynthesis revealing unprecedented architectural complexity for a hybrid polyketide synthase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase Abstract: A 135,638 bp DNA region that encompasses the leinamycin (LNM) biosynthetic gene cluster was sequenced from Streptomyces atroolivaceus S-140. The boundaries of the lnm cluster were defined by systematic inactivation of open reading frames within the sequenced region. The lnm cluster spans 61.3 kb of DNA and consists of 27 genes encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), polyketide synthase (PKS), hybrid NRPS-PKS, resistance, regulatory, and tailoring enzymes, as well as proteins of unknown function. A model for LNM biosynthesis is proposed, central to which is the LNM hybrid NRPS-PKS megasynthetase consisting of discrete (LnmQ and LnmP) and modular (LnmI) NRPS, acyltransferase-less PKS (LnmG, LnmI, and LnmJ), and PKS modules with unusual domain organization. These studies unveil an unprecedented architectural complexity for the LNM hybrid NRPS-PKS megasynthetase and set the stage to investigate the molecular basis for LNM biosynthesis.	1
Title: Chain initiation in the leinamycin-producing hybrid nonribosomal peptide/polyketide synthetase from Streptomyces atroolivaceus S-140. Discrete, monofunctional adenylation enzyme and peptidyl carrier protein that directly load D-alanine Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide natural products are biosynthesized from amino acid precursors by nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), which are organized into modules. For a typical NRPS initiation module, an adenylation (A) domain activates an amino acid and installs it onto a peptidyl carrier protein (PCP) domain as a thioester; an elongation module, which has a condensation (C) domain located between every consecutive pair of A and PCP domains, catalyzes the formation of the peptide bond between the upstream aminoacyl/peptidyl-S-PCP and the free amino group of the downstream aminoacyl-S-PCP. D-amino acid constituents in peptide natural products usually arise from the L-enantiomers through the action of integral epimerization (E) domains of an NRPS. The biosynthetic gene cluster for leinamycin, a hybrid nonribosomal peptide/polyketide containing a D-alanine moiety, does not encode a typical NRPS initiation module with the expected A-PCP-E domains; instead, it has only an A protein (LnmQ) and a PCP (LnmP), both of which are encoded by separate genes. Here we show the results of biochemical experiments as follows: (i) we demonstrate that LnmQ directly activates D-alanine as D-alaninyl-AMP and installs it onto LnmP to generate a D-alaninyl-S-PCP intermediate; (ii) we confirm that aminoacylation of LnmP by LnmQ in trans is the result of specific communication between the separate A and PCP proteins; and (iii) we reveal that leinamycin production can be improved by supplementation of exogenous D-alanine in the fermentation broth of Streptomyces atroolivaceous S-140. These findings unveil an unprecedented NRPS initiation module structure that is characterized by a discrete D-alanine-specific A protein and a PCP.	1
Title: Characterization of the lnmKLM genes unveiling key intermediates for β-alkylation in leinamycin biosynthesis Abstract: Leinamycin (LNM, 1) biosynthesis is proposed to involve β-alkylation of the polyketide intermediate, catalyzed by LnmKLM. Inactivation of lnmK, lnmL, or lnmM afforded mutant strains that accumulated LNM K-1 (2), K-2 (3), K-3 (4), and isomers LNM K-1' (5), K-2' (6), and K-3' (7) whose polyketide origin was established by feeding experiments with sodium [1-(13)C]acetate. These findings confirm the indispensability of LnmKLM in 1 biosynthesis and suggest that β-alkylation proceeds on the growing polyketide intermediate while bound to the LNM polyketide synthase.	1
Title: Sulfonium Acids Loaded onto an Unusual Thiotemplate Assembly Line Construct the Cyclopropanol Warhead of a Burkholderia Virulence Factor Abstract: Pathogenic bacteria of the Burkholderia pseudomallei group cause severe infectious diseases such as glanders and melioidosis. Malleicyprols were identified as important bacterial virulence factors, yet the biosynthetic origin of their cyclopropanol warhead has remained enigmatic. By a combination of mutational analysis and metabolomics we found that sulfonium acids, dimethylsulfoniumpropionate (DMSP) and gonyol, known as osmolytes and as crucial components in the global organosulfur cycle, are key intermediates en route to the cyclopropanol unit. Functional genetics and in vitro analyses uncover a specialized pathway to DMSP involving a rare prokaryotic SET-domain methyltransferase for a cryptic methylation, and show that DMSP is loaded onto the NRPS-PKS hybrid assembly line by an adenylation domain dedicated to zwitterionic starter units. Then, the megasynthase transforms DMSP into gonyol, as demonstrated by heterologous pathway reconstitution in E. coli.	1
Title: Malleilactone, a polyketide synthase-derived virulence factor encoded by the cryptic secondary metabolome of Burkholderia pseudomallei group pathogens Abstract: Sequenced bacterial genomes are routinely found to contain gene clusters that are predicted to encode metabolites not seen in fermentation-based studies. Pseudomallei group Burkholderia are emerging pathogens whose genomes are particularly rich in cryptic natural product biosynthetic gene clusters. We systematically probed the influence of the cryptic secondary metabolome on the virulence of these bacteria and found that disruption of the MAL gene cluster, which is natively silent in laboratory fermentation experiments and conserved across this group of pathogens, attenuates virulence in animal models. Using a promoter exchange strategy to activate the MAL cluster, we identified malleilactone, a polyketide synthase-derived cytotoxic siderophore encoded by this gene cluster. Small molecules targeting malleilactone biosynthesis either alone or in conjunction with antibiotics could prove useful as therapeutics to combat melioidosis and glanders.	1
Title: The mycosubtilin synthetase of Bacillus subtilis ATCC6633: a multifunctional hybrid between a peptide synthetase, an amino transferase, and a fatty acid synthase Abstract: Bacillus subtilis strain ATCC6633 has been identified as a producer of mycosubtilin, a potent antifungal peptide antibiotic. Mycosubtilin, which belongs to the iturin family of lipopeptide antibiotics, is characterized by a beta-amino fatty acid moiety linked to the circular heptapeptide Asn-Tyr-Asn-Gln-Pro-Ser-Asn, with the second, third, and sixth position present in the D-configuration. The gene cluster from B. subtilis ATCC6633 specifying the biosynthesis of mycosubtilin was identified. The putative operon spans 38 kb and consists of four ORFs, designated fenF, mycA, mycB, and mycC, with strong homologies to the family of peptide synthetases. Biochemical characterization showed that MycB specifically adenylates tyrosine, as expected for mycosubtilin synthetase, and insertional mutagenesis of the operon resulted in a mycosubtilin-negative phenotype. The mycosubtilin synthetase reveals features unique for peptide synthetases as well as for fatty acid synthases: (i) The mycosubtilin synthase subunit A (MycA) combines functional domains derived from peptide synthetases, amino transferases, and fatty acid synthases. MycA represents the first example of a natural hybrid between these enzyme families. (ii) The organization of the synthetase subunits deviates from that commonly found in peptide synthetases. On the basis of the described characteristics of the mycosubtilin synthetase, we present a model for the biosynthesis of iturin lipopeptide antibiotics. Comparison of the sequences flanking the mycosubtilin operon of B. subtilis ATCC6633, with the complete genome sequence of B. subtilis strain 168 indicates that the fengycin and mycosubtilin lipopeptide synthetase operons are exchanged between the two B. subtilis strains.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of polyketides by trans-AT polyketide synthases Abstract: This review discusses the biosynthesis of natural products that are generated by trans-AT polyketide synthases, a family of catalytically versatile enzymes that have recently been recognized as one of the major group of proteins involved in the production of bioactive polyketides. 436 references are cited.	1
Title: Utilization of the methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein biosynthesis locus for cloning the oxazolomycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces albus JA3453 Abstract: Oxazolomycin (OZM), a hybrid peptide-polyketide antibiotic, exhibits potent antitumor and antiviral activities. Using degenerate primers to clone genes encoding methoxymalonyl-acyl carrier protein (ACP) biosynthesis as probes, a 135-kb DNA region from Streptomyces albus JA3453 was cloned and found to cover the entire OZM biosynthetic gene cluster. The involvement of the cloned genes in OZM biosynthesis was confirmed by deletion of a 12-kb DNA fragment containing six genes for methoxymalonyl-ACP biosynthesis from the specific region of the chromosome, as well as deletion of the ozmC gene within this region, to generate OZM-nonproducing mutants.	1
Title: A polyketide synthase-peptide synthetase gene cluster from an uncultured bacterial symbiont of Paederus beetles Abstract: Many drug candidates from marine and terrestrial invertebrates are suspected metabolites of uncultured bacterial symbionts. The antitumor polyketides of the pederin family, isolated from beetles and sponges, are an example. Drug development from such sources is commonly hampered by low yields and the difficulty of sustaining invertebrate cultures. To obtain insight into the true producer and find alternative supplies of these rare drug candidates, the putative pederin biosynthesis genes were cloned from total DNA of Paederus fuscipes beetles, which use this compound for chemical defense. Sequence analysis of the gene cluster and adjacent regions revealed the presence of ORFs with typical bacterial architecture and homologies. The ped cluster, which is present only in beetle specimens with high pederin content, is located on a 54-kb region bordered by transposase pseudogenes and encodes a mixed modular polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase. Notably, none of the modules contains regions with homology to acyltransferase domains, but two copies of isolated monodomain acyltransferase genes were found at the upstream end of the cluster. In line with an involvement in pederin biosynthesis, the upstream cluster region perfectly mirrors pederin structure. The unexpected presence of additional polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase modules reveals surprising insights into the evolutionary relationship between pederin-type pathways in beetles and sponges.	1
Title: Pederin-type pathways of uncultivated bacterial symbionts: analysis of o-methyltransferases and generation of a biosynthetic hybrid Abstract: The complex polyketide pederin is a potent antitumor agent isolated from Paederus spp. rove beetles. We have previously isolated a set of genes from a bacterial endosymbiont that are good candidates for pederin biosynthesis. To biochemically study this pathway, we expressed three methyltransferases from the putative pederin pathway and used the partially unmethylated analogue mycalamide A from the marine sponge Mycale hentscheli as test substrate. Analysis by high-resolution MS/MS and NMR revealed that PedO regiospecifically methylates the marine compound to generate the nonnatural hybrid compound 18-O-methylmycalamide A with increased cytotoxicity. To our knowledge, this is the first biochemical evidence that invertebrates can obtain defensive complex polyketides from bacterial symbionts.	1
Title: Polyketide assembly lines of uncultivated sponge symbionts from structure-based gene targeting Abstract: There is increasing evidence that uncultivated bacterial symbionts are the true producers of numerous bioactive compounds isolated from marine sponges. The localization and heterologous expression of biosynthetic genes could clarify this issue and provide sustainable supplies for a wide range of pharmaceuticals. However, identification of genes in the usually highly complex symbiont communities remains a challenging task. For polyketides, one of the most important groups of sponge-derived drug candidates, we have developed a general strategy that allows one to rapidly access biosynthetic gene clusters based on chemical moieties. Using this method, we targeted polyketide synthase genes from two different sponge metagenomes. We have obtained from a sponge-bacterial association a complete pathway for the rare and potent antitumor agent psymberin from Psammocinia aff. bulbosa. The data support the symbiont hypothesis and provide insights into natural product evolution in previously inaccessible bacteria.	1
Title: Studies toward the unique pederin family member psymberin: structure-activity relationships, biochemical studies, and genetics identify the mode-of-action of psymberin Abstract: Psymberin is the only member of the pederin natural product family that contains a dihydroisocoumarin side chain. Structural modifications of psymberin uncoupled inhibition of protein translation from cytotoxicity, suggesting that psymberin has more than one bioactivity. A forward genetic screen in Caenorhabditis elegans was conducted to identify the molecular target(s) of psymberin. Multiple independent psymberin-resistant mutants were isolated, each containing the same point mutation in a gene encoding a ribosomal protein. However, a psymberin-resistant mutant strain bearing this mutation was not cross-resistant to the pederin family member mycalamide A, which binds to the archaeal form of the same protein. Thus, two pederin family members likely differ in how they bind the same molecular target. The accumulation of psymberin in cells was sensitive to the stereochemistry of the amide side chain at C4 or C8 and the presence of the dihydroisocoumarin side chain. The observation that psymberin diastereomers or dihydroisocoumarin-truncated analogs lose all cytotoxic activity while retaining the ability to inhibit protein translation in a cell-free in vitro assay can be explained in the context of these differential cell uptake issues. Finally, we also demonstrate that the blistering activity associated with pederin and other members of the family is not due to their protein synthesis inhibiting activity. Unlike pederin and mycalamide, psymberin does not display irritant or blistering activity.	1
Title: The psymberin story--biological properties and approaches towards total and analogue syntheses Abstract: Psymberin is a marine natural product which has attracted a great deal of interest since its isolation: While the highly cytotoxic compound was detected early on as an ingredient in a marine sponge, it took over a decade and 600 additional samples for the structure to eventually be assigned. In the last eight years fascinating synthetic and biosynthetic investigations have led to a more detailed understanding as well as a new starting point for structure-activity studies towards new antitumor compounds. The Review gives an in-depth insight into the progress in the field of the marine polyketide psymberin and demonstrates how organic synthesis is influencing neighboring scientific subjects.	1
Title: Acyl-chain elongation drives ketosynthase substrate selectivity in trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthases Abstract: Type I modular polyketide synthases (PKSs), which are responsible for the biosynthesis of many biologically active agents, possess a ketosynthase (KS) domain within each module to catalyze chain elongation. Acylation of the KS active site Cys residue is followed by transfer to malonyl-ACP to yield an extended β-ketoacyl chain (ACP = acyl carrier protein). To date, the precise contribution of KS selectivity in controlling product fidelity has been unclear. Six KS domains from trans-acyltransferase (trans-AT) PKSs were subjected to a mass spectrometry based elongation assay, and higher substrate selectivity was identified for the elongating step than in preceding acylation. A close correspondence between the observed KS selectivity and that predicted by phylogenetic analysis was seen. These findings provide insights into the mechanism of KS selectivity in this important group of PKSs, can serve as guidance for engineering, and show that targeted mutagenesis can be used to expand the repertoire of acceptable substrates.	1
Title: Polyketide-chain branching by an enzymatic Michael addition Abstract: A new "branch" for polyketide synthases was discovered in the biosynthesis of the antimitotic rhizoxin complex in the endofungal bacterium Burkholderia rhizoxinica. Genetic engineering and the structural elucidation of pathway intermediates revealed that a complex polyketide chain is branched at the beta position by an unprecedented conjugate addition of an acetyl building block to an acryloyl precursor (see scheme).	1
Title: Enzymatic polyketide chain branching to give substituted lactone, lactam, and glutarimide heterocycles Abstract: Polyketides typically result from head-to-tail condensation of acyl thioesters to produce highly functionalized linear chains. The biosynthesis of the phytotoxin rhizoxin, however, involves a polyketide synthase (PKS) module that introduces a δ-lactone chain branch through Michael addition of a malonyl extender to an α,β-unsaturated intermediate unit. To evaluate the scope of the branching module, polyketide mimics were synthesized and their biotransformation by the reconstituted PKS module from the Rhizopus symbiont Burkholderia rhizoxinica was monitored in vitro. The impact of the type and configuration of the δ-substituents was probed and it was found that amino-substituted surrogates yield the corresponding lactams. A carboxamide analogue was transformed into a glutarimide unit, which can be found in many natural products. Our findings illuminate the biosynthesis of glutarimide-bearing polyketides and also demonstrate the utility of this branching module for synthetic biology.	1
Title: Spliceostatin hemiketal biosynthesis in Burkholderia spp. is catalyzed by an iron/α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase Abstract: Spliceostatins are potent spliceosome inhibitors biosynthesized by a hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase (NRPS-PKS) system of the trans-acyl transferase (AT) type. Burkholderia sp. FERM BP-3421 produces hemiketal spliceostatins, such as FR901464, as well as analogs containing a terminal carboxylic acid. We provide genetic and biochemical evidence for hemiketal biosynthesis by oxidative decarboxylation rather than the previously hypothesized Baeyer-Villiger oxidative release postulated to be catalyzed by a flavin-dependent monooxygenase (FMO) activity internal to the last module of the PKS. Inactivation of Fe(II)/α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase gene fr9P led to loss of hemiketal congeners, whereas the mutant was still able to produce all major carboxylic acid-type compounds. FMO mutants, on the other hand, produced both hemiketal and carboxylic acid analogs containing an exocyclic methylene instead of an epoxide, indicating that the FMO is involved in epoxidation rather than Baeyer-Villiger oxidation. Moreover, recombinant Fr9P enzyme was shown to catalyze hydroxylation to form β-hydroxy acids, which upon decarboxylation led to hemiketal FR901464. Finally, a third oxygenase activity encoded in the biosynthetic gene cluster, the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase Fr9R, was assigned as a 4-hydroxylase based on gene inactivation results. Identification and deletion of the gene involved in hemiketal formation allowed us to generate a strain--the dioxygenase fr9P(-) mutant--that accumulates only the carboxylic acid-type spliceostatins, which are as potent as the hemiketal analogs, when derivatized to increase cell permeability, but are chemically more stable.	1
Title: Genomics-guided discovery of thailanstatins A, B, and C As pre-mRNA splicing inhibitors and antiproliferative agents from Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB43 Abstract: Mining the genome sequence of Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB43 revealed a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster resembling that of FR901464 (4), a prototype spliceosome inhibitor produced by Pseudomonas sp. No. 2663. Transcriptional analysis revealed a cultivation condition in which a regulatory gene of the cryptic gene cluster is adequately expressed. Consequently, three new compounds, named thailanstatins A (1), B (2), and C (3), were isolated from the fermentation broth of B. thailandensis MSMB43. Thailanstatins are proposed to be biosynthesized by a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase pathway. They differ from 4 by lacking an unstable hydroxyl group and by having an extra carboxyl moiety; those differences endow thailanstatins with a significantly greater stability than 4 as tested in phosphate buffer at pH 7.4. In vitro assays showed that thailanstatins inhibit pre-mRNA splicing as potently as 4, with half-maximal inhibitory concentrations in the single to sub-μM range. Cell culture assays indicated that thailanstatins also possess potent antiproliferative activities in representative human cancer cell lines, with half-maximal growth inhibitory concentrations in the single nM range. This work provides new chemical entities for research and development and new structure-activity information for chemical optimization of related spliceosome inhibitors.	1
Title: A natural plasmid uniquely encodes two biosynthetic pathways creating a potent anti-MRSA antibiotic Abstract: Background:                       Understanding how complex antibiotics are synthesised by their producer bacteria is essential for creation of new families of bioactive compounds. Thiomarinols, produced by marine bacteria belonging to the genus Pseudoalteromonas, are hybrids of two independently active species: the pseudomonic acid mixture, mupirocin, which is used clinically against MRSA, and the pyrrothine core of holomycin.                  Methodology/principal findings:                       High throughput DNA sequencing of the complete genome of the producer bacterium revealed a novel 97 kb plasmid, pTML1, consisting almost entirely of two distinct gene clusters. Targeted gene knockouts confirmed the role of these clusters in biosynthesis of the two separate components, pseudomonic acid and the pyrrothine, and identified a putative amide synthetase that joins them together. Feeding mupirocin to a mutant unable to make the endogenous pseudomonic acid created a novel hybrid with the pyrrothine via "mutasynthesis" that allows inhibition of mupirocin-resistant isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase, the mupirocin target. A mutant defective in pyrrothine biosynthesis was also able to incorporate alternative amine substrates.                  Conclusions/significance:                       Plasmid pTML1 provides a paradigm for combining independent antibiotic biosynthetic pathways or using mutasynthesis to develop a new family of hybrid derivatives that may extend the effective use of mupirocin against MRSA.	1
Title: Characterization of biosynthetic gene cluster for the production of virginiamycin M, a streptogramin type A antibiotic, in Streptomyces virginiae Abstract: Virginiamycin M (VM) of Streptomyces virginiae is a hybrid polyketide-peptide antibiotic with peptide antibiotic virginiamycin S (VS) as its synergistic counterpart. VM and VS belong to the Streptogramin family, which is characterized by strong synergistic antibacterial activity, and their water-soluble derivatives are a new therapeutic option for combating vancomycin-resistant Gram-positive bacteria. Here, the VM biosynthetic gene cluster was isolated from S. virginiae in the 62-kb region located in the vicinity of the regulatory island for virginiamycin production. Sequence analysis revealed that the region consists of 19 complete open reading frames (ORFs) and one C-terminally truncated ORF, encoding hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), typical PKS, enzymes synthesizing precursors for VM, transporters for resistance, regulatory proteins, and auxiliary enzymes. The involvement of the cloned gene cluster in VM biosynthesis was confirmed by gene disruption of virA encoding a hybrid PKS-NRPS megasynthetase, which resulted in complete loss of VM production without any effect on VS production. To assemble the VM core structure, VirA, VirF, VirG, and VirH consisting, as a whole, of 24 domains in 8 PKS modules and 7 domains in 2 NRPS modules were predicted to act as an acyltransferase (AT)-less hybrid PKS-NRPS, whereas VirB, VirC, VirD, and VirE are likely to be essential for the incorporation of the methyl group into the VM framework by a HMG-CoA synthase-based reaction. Among several uncommon features of gene organization in the VM gene cluster, the lack of AT domain in every PKS module and the presence of a discrete AT encoded by virI are notable. AT-overexpression by an additional copy of virI driven by ermEp() resulted in 1.5-fold increase of VM production, suggesting that the amount of VirI is partly limiting VM biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome-based cluster deletion reveals an endocrocin biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Endocrocin is a simple anthraquinone frequently identified in extracts of numerous fungi. Several biosynthetic schemes for endocrocin synthesis have been hypothesized, but to date, no dedicated secondary metabolite gene cluster that produces this polyketide as its major metabolite has been identified. Here we describe our biosynthetic and regulatory characterization of the endocrocin gene cluster in Aspergillus fumigatus. This is the first report of this anthraquinone in this species. The biosynthetic genes required for endocrocin production are regulated by the global regulator of secondary metabolism, LaeA, and encode an iterative nonreducing polyketide synthase (encA), a physically discrete metallo-β-lactamase type thioesterase (encB), and a monooxygenase (encC). Interestingly, the deletion of a gene immediately adjacent to encC, termed encD and encoding a putative 2-oxoglutarate-Fe(II) type oxidoreductase, resulted in higher levels of endocrocin production than in the wild-type strain, whereas overexpression of encD eliminated endocrocin accumulation. We found that overexpression of the encA transcript resulted in higher transcript levels of encA-D and higher production of endocrocin. We discuss a model of the enc cluster as one evolutionary origin of fungal anthraquinones derived from a nonreducing polyketide synthase and a discrete metallo-β-lactamase-type thioesterase.	1
Title: Biosynthetic code for divergolide assembly in a bacterial mangrove endophyte Abstract: Divergolides are structurally diverse ansamycins produced by a bacterial endophyte (Streptomyces sp.) of the mangrove tree Bruguiera gymnorrhiza. By genomic analyses a gene locus coding for the divergolide pathway was detected. The div gene cluster encodes genes for the biosynthesis of 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoate and the rare extender units ethylmalonyl-CoA and isobutylmalonyl-CoA, polyketide assembly by a modular type I polyketide synthase (PKS), and enzymes involved in tailoring reactions, such as a Baeyer-Villiger oxygenase. A detailed PKS domain analysis confirmed the stereochemical integrity of the divergolides and provided valuable new insights into the formation of the diverse aromatic chromophores. The bioinformatic analyses and the isolation and full structural elucidation of four new divergolide congeners led to a revised biosynthetic model that illustrates the formation of four different types of ansamycin chromophores from a single polyketide precursor.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of divergolides from Streptomyces sp. W112 Abstract: Divergolides are a group of structurally unprecedented ansamacrolactam antibiotics with antibacterial and antitumor activities. A biosynthetic gene cluster predicted to encode the biosynthesis of divergolides was cloned and sequenced from endophytic Streptomyces sp. W112. The gene cluster of divergolides (div) spans a DNA region of 61-kb and consists of 20 open reading frames (ORFs) that encode polyketide synthases (PKSs), enzymes for the synthesis of AHBA and PKS extender units, and post-PKS modifications, proposed regulators, and putative transporters. Disruption of the AHBA synthase gene (divK) completely abolished the production of divergolides proved its involvement in the biosynthesis of divergolides. Bioinformatics analysis suggested that the regulatory gene div8 in div gene cluster might encode a positive regulator for the biosynthesis of divergolides. Constitutive overexpression of div8 improved the production of divergolides E, implying that div gene cluster maybe responsible for the biosynthesis of divergolides. These findings set the stage for fully investigating the biosynthesis of divergolides and rational engineering of new divergolide analogs by genetic modifications, and pave the way to further improve the production of divergolides.	1
Title: Multifactorial induction of an orphan PKS-NRPS gene cluster in Aspergillus terreus Abstract: Mining the genome of the pathogenic fungus Aspergillus terreus revealed the presence of an orphan polyketide-nonribosomal-peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) gene cluster. Induced expression of the transcriptional activator gene adjacent to the PKS-NRPS gene was not sufficient for the activation of the silent pathway. Monitoring gene expression, metabolic profiling, and using a lacZ reporter strain allowed for the systematic investigation of physiological conditions that eventually led to the discovery of isoflavipucine and dihydroisoflavipucine. Phytotoxin formation is only activated in the presence of certain amino acids, stimulated at alkaline pH, but strictly repressed in the presence of glucose. Global carbon catabolite repression by CreA cannot be abolished by positive-acting factors such as PacC and overrides the pathway activator. Gene inactivation and stable isotope labeling experiments unveiled the molecular basis for flavipucine/fruit rot toxin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the halogenated mycotoxin aspirochlorine in koji mold involves a cryptic amino acid conversion Abstract: Aspirochlorine (1) is an epidithiodiketopiperazine (ETP) toxin produced from koji mold (Aspergillus oryzae), which has been used in the oriental cuisine for over two millennia. Considering its potential risk for food safety, we have elucidated the molecular basis of aspirochlorine biosynthesis. By a combination of genetic and chemical analyses we found the acl gene locus and identified the key role of AclH as a chlorinase. Stable isotope labeling, biotransformation, and mutational experiments, analysis of intermediates and an in vitro adenylation domain assay gave totally unexpected insights into the acl pathway: Instead of one Phe and one Gly, two Phe units are assembled by an iterative non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS, AclP), followed by halogenation and an unprecedented Phe to Gly amino acid conversion. Biological assays showed that both amino acid transformations are required to confer cytotoxicity and antifungal activity to the mycotoxin.	1
Title: Comparative genomics of citric-acid-producing Aspergillus niger ATCC 1015 versus enzyme-producing CBS 513.88 Abstract: The filamentous fungus Aspergillus niger exhibits great diversity in its phenotype. It is found globally, both as marine and terrestrial strains, produces both organic acids and hydrolytic enzymes in high amounts, and some isolates exhibit pathogenicity. Although the genome of an industrial enzyme-producing A. niger strain (CBS 513.88) has already been sequenced, the versatility and diversity of this species compel additional exploration. We therefore undertook whole-genome sequencing of the acidogenic A. niger wild-type strain (ATCC 1015) and produced a genome sequence of very high quality. Only 15 gaps are present in the sequence, and half the telomeric regions have been elucidated. Moreover, sequence information from ATCC 1015 was used to improve the genome sequence of CBS 513.88. Chromosome-level comparisons uncovered several genome rearrangements, deletions, a clear case of strain-specific horizontal gene transfer, and identification of 0.8 Mb of novel sequence. Single nucleotide polymorphisms per kilobase (SNPs/kb) between the two strains were found to be exceptionally high (average: 7.8, maximum: 160 SNPs/kb). High variation within the species was confirmed with exo-metabolite profiling and phylogenetics. Detailed lists of alleles were generated, and genotypic differences were observed to accumulate in metabolic pathways essential to acid production and protein synthesis. A transcriptome analysis supported up-regulation of genes associated with biosynthesis of amino acids that are abundant in glucoamylase A, tRNA-synthases, and protein transporters in the protein producing CBS 513.88 strain. Our results and data sets from this integrative systems biology analysis resulted in a snapshot of fungal evolution and will support further optimization of cell factories based on filamentous fungi.	1
Title: A hybrid non-ribosomal peptide/polyketide synthetase containing fatty-acyl ligase (FAAL) synthesizes the β-amino fatty acid lipopeptides puwainaphycins in the Cyanobacterium Cylindrospermum alatosporum Abstract: A putative operon encoding the biosynthetic pathway for the cytotoxic cyanobacterial lipopeptides puwainphycins was identified in Cylindrospermum alatosporum. Bioinformatics analysis enabled sequential prediction of puwainaphycin biosynthesis; this process is initiated by the activation of a fatty acid residue via fatty acyl-AMP ligase and continued by a multidomain non-ribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthetase. High-resolution mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy measurements proved the production of puwainaphycin F/G congeners differing in FA chain length formed by either 3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-methyl dodecanoic acid (4-methyl-Ahdoa) or 3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-methyl tetradecanoic acid (4-methyl-Ahtea). Because only one puwainaphycin operon was recovered in the genome, we suggest that the fatty acyl-AMP ligase and one of the amino acid adenylation domains (Asn/Gln) show extended substrate specificity. Our results provide the first insight into the biosynthesis of frequently occurring β-amino fatty acid lipopeptides in cyanobacteria, which may facilitate analytical assessment and development of monitoring tools for cytotoxic cyanobacterial lipopeptides.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of ambiguine indole alkaloids in cyanobacterium Fischerella ambigua Abstract: Ambiguines belong to a family of hapalindole-type indole alkaloid natural products, with many of the members possessing up to eight consecutive carbon stereocenters in a fused pentacyclic 6-6-6-5-7 ring scaffold. Here, we report the identification of a 42 kbp ambiguine (amb) biosynthetic gene cluster that harbors 32 protein-coding genes in its native producer Fischerella ambigua UTEX1903. Association of the amb cluster with ambiguine biosynthesis was confirmed by both bioinformatic analysis and in vitro characterizations of enzymes responsible for 3-((Z)-2'-isocyanoethenyl) indole and geranyl pyrophosphate biosynthesis and a C-2 indole dimethylallyltransferase that regiospecifically tailors hapalindole G to ambiguine A. The presence of five nonheme iron-dependent oxygenase coding genes (including four Rieske-type oxygenases) within the amb cluster suggests late-stage C-H activations are likely responsible for the structural diversities of ambiguines by regio- and stereospecific chlorination, hydroxylation, epoxidation, and sp(2)-sp(3) C-C bond formation.	1
Title: Full-length RecE enhances linear-linear homologous recombination and facilitates direct cloning for bioprospecting Abstract: Functional analysis of genome sequences requires methods for cloning DNA of interest. However, existing methods, such as library cloning and screening, are too demanding or inefficient for high-throughput application to the wealth of genomic data being delivered by massively parallel sequencing. Here we describe direct DNA cloning based on the discovery that the full-length Rac prophage protein RecE and its partner RecT mediate highly efficient linear-linear homologous recombination mechanistically distinct from conventional recombineering mediated by Redαβ from lambda phage or truncated versions of RecET. We directly cloned all ten megasynthetase gene clusters (each 10–52 kb in length) from Photorhabdus luminescens into expression vectors and expressed two of them in a heterologous host to identify the metabolites luminmycin A and luminmide A/B. We also directly cloned cDNAs and exactly defined segments from bacterial artificial chromosomes. Direct cloning with full-length RecE expands the DNA engineering toolbox and will facilitate bioprospecting for natural products.	1
Title: Fabclavines: bioactive peptide-polyketide-polyamino hybrids from Xenorhabdus Abstract: The structure of the fabclavines-unique mixtures of nonribosomally derived peptide-polyketide hybrids connected to an unusual polyamino moiety-has been solved by detailed NMR and MS methods. These compounds have been identified in two different entomopathogenic Xenorhabdus strains, thereby leading also to the identification of the fabclavine biosynthesis gene cluster. Detailed analysis of these clusters and initial mutagenesis experiments allowed the prediction of a biosynthesis pathway in which the polyamino moiety is derived from an unusual type of fatty acid synthase that is normally involved in formation of polyunsaturated fatty acids. As fabclavines show broad-spectrum activity against bacteria, fungi, and other eukaryotic cells, they might act as "protection factors" against all kinds of food competitors during the complex life cycle of Xenorhabdus, its nematode host, and their insect prey.	1
Title: Yeast homologous recombination cloning leading to the novel peptides ambactin and xenolindicin Abstract: Heterologous production of GameXPeptide A (1), as well as of the novel peptide natural products ambactin (2) and xenolindicins A-C (3 a-c), was achieved by using the "overlap extension PCR-yeast homologous recombination" (ExRec) method. ExRec cloning is based on the ability of yeast to assemble overlapping DNA fragments into functional plasmids. Here we used this technique to clone a total of 15 biosynthesis gene clusters from Photorhabdus and Xenorhabdus with sizes of up to 45 kb. The structures of the novel compounds 2 and 3 a, which were produced in Escherichia coli, were elucidated by detailed MS and bioinformatics analysis, and additionally confirmed by their chemical synthesis.	1
Title: Neutral loss fragmentation pattern based screening for arginine-rich natural products in Xenorhabdus and Photorhabdus Abstract: Although sharing a certain degree of structural uniformity, natural product classes exhibit variable functionalities such as different amino acid or acyl residues. During collision induced dissociation, some natural products exhibit a conserved fragmentation pattern close to the precursor ion. The observed fragments result from a shared set of neutral losses, creating a unique fragmentation pattern, which can be used as a fingerprint for members of these natural product classes. The culture supernatants of 69 strains of the entomopathogenic bacteria Photorhabdus and Xenorhabdus were analyzed by MALDI-MS(2), and a database comprising MS(2) data from each strain was established. This database was scanned for concordant fragmentation patterns of different compounds using a customized software, focusing on relative mass differences of the fragment ions to their precursor ion. A novel group of related natural products comprising 25 different arginine-rich peptides from 16 different strains was identified due to its characteristic neutral loss fragmentation pattern, and the structures of eight compounds were elucidated. Two biosynthesis gene clusters encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetases were identified, emphasizing the possibility to identify a group of structurally and biosynthetically related natural products based on their neutral loss fragmentation pattern.	1
Title: Discovery of McbB, an enzyme catalyzing the β-carboline skeleton construction in the marinacarboline biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Three genes, mcbABC, that drive the biosynthesis of marinacarbolines, have been elucidated through genome mining, gene inactivation, heterologous expression, feeding, and site-directed mutagenesis experiments. McbB is highlighted as a novel enzyme for the β-carboline core construction, which involves a Pictet-Spengler cyclization process and requiring E97 for biochemical activity.	1
Title: Discovery and engineered overproduction of antimicrobial nucleoside antibiotic A201A from the deep-sea marine actinomycete Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652 Abstract: Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652, originating from a deep-sea marine sediment of the South China Sea, was discovered to produce antimicrobial nucleoside antibiotic A201A. Whole-genome scanning and annotation strategies enabled us to localize the genes responsible for A201A biosynthesis and to experimentally identify the gene cluster; inactivation of mtdF, an oxidoreductase gene within the suspected gene cluster, abolished A201A production. Bioinformatics analysis revealed that a gene designated mtdA furthest upstream within the A201A biosynthetic gene cluster encodes a GntR family transcriptional regulator. To determine the role of MtdA in regulating A201A production, the mtdA gene was inactivated in frame and the resulting ΔmtdA mutant was fermented alongside the wild-type strain as a control. High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analyses of fermentation extracts revealed that the ΔmtdA mutant produced A201A in a yield ∼25-fold superior to that of the wild-type strain, thereby demonstrating that MtdA is a negative transcriptional regulator governing A201A biosynthesis. By virtue of its high production capacity, the ΔmtdA mutant constitutes an ideal host for the efficient large-scale production of A201A. These results validate M. thermotolerans as an emerging source of antibacterial agents and highlight the efficiency of metabolic engineering for antibiotic titer improvement.	1
Title: Engineered Streptomyces platensis strains that overproduce antibiotics platensimycin and platencin Abstract: Platensimycin, which is isolated from Streptomyces platensis MA7327, and platencin, which is isolated from S. platensis MA7339, are two recently discovered natural products that serve as important antibiotic leads. Here we report on the identification of S. platensis MA7327 as a dual producer of both platensimycin and platencin. A PCR-based approach was used to locate and clone the locus involved in platensimycin and platencin production, including ptmR1, which encodes a putative GntR-like transcriptional regulator. Deletion of this gene from the producing organism allowed us to isolate strains that overproduce platensimycin and platencin with yields of 323 +/- 29 mg/liter and 255 +/- 30 mg/liter, respectively. These results illustrate the effectiveness of genetic manipulation for the rational engineering of improvements in titers.	1
Title: Engineering of Streptomyces platensis MA7339 for overproduction of platencin and congeners Abstract: Platensimycin (1) and platencin (2) are novel antibiotic leads against multidrug resistant pathogens. The production of 2 in Streptomyces platensis MA7339 is under the control of ptnR1, a GntR-like transcriptional regulator. Inactivating ptnR1 afforded S. platensis MA7339 mutant strain SB12600 that overproduces 2 at a titer approximately 100-fold greater than that from the wild-type strain and accumulates platencin A(1) (3) and eight new congeners, platencins A(2)-A(9) (4-11). The isolation, structural elucidation, and antibacterial activity of 4-11, in comparison to 1-3, are described.	1
Title: Dedicated ent-kaurene and ent-atiserene synthases for platensimycin and platencin biosynthesis Abstract: Platensimycin (PTM) and platencin (PTN) are potent and selective inhibitors of bacterial and mammalian fatty acid synthases and have emerged as promising drug leads for both antibacterial and antidiabetic therapies. Comparative analysis of the PTM and PTN biosynthetic machineries in Streptomyces platensis MA7327 and MA7339 revealed that the divergence of PTM and PTN biosynthesis is controlled by dedicated ent-kaurene and ent-atiserene synthases, the latter of which represents a new pathway for diterpenoid biosynthesis. The PTM and PTN biosynthetic machineries provide a rare glimpse at how secondary metabolic pathway evolution increases natural product structural diversity and support the wisdom of applying combinatorial biosynthesis methods for the generation of novel PTM and/or PTN analogues, thereby facilitating drug development efforts based on these privileged natural product scaffolds.	1
Title: Expression of the platencin biosynthetic gene cluster in heterologous hosts yielding new platencin congeners Abstract: Platensimycin (PTM) and platencin (PTN) are potent and selective inhibitors of bacterial and mammalian fatty acid synthases and have emerged as promising drug leads for both antibacterial and antidiabetic therapies. We have previously cloned and sequenced the PTM-PTN dual biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces platensis MA7327 and the PTN biosynthetic gene cluster from S. platensis MA7339, the latter of which is composed of 31 genes encoding PTN biosynthesis, regulation, and resistance. We have also demonstrated that PTM or PTN production can be significantly improved upon inactivation of the pathway-specific regulator ptmR1 or ptnR1 in S. platensis MA7327 or MA7339, respectively. We now report engineered production of PTN and congeners in a heterologous Streptomyces host. Expression constructs containing the ptn biosynthetic gene cluster were engineered from SuperCos 1 library clones and introduced into five model Streptomyces hosts, and PTN production was achieved in Streptomyces lividans K4-114. Inactivation of ptnR1 was crucial for expression of the ptn biosynthetic gene cluster, thereby PTN production, in S. lividans K4-114. Six PTN congeners, five of which were new, were also isolated from the recombinant strain S. lividans SB12606, revealing new insights into PTN biosynthesis. Production of PTN in a model Streptomyces host provides new opportunities to apply combinatorial biosynthetic strategies to the PTN biosynthetic machinery for structural diversity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of thiocarboxylic acid-containing natural products Abstract: Thiocarboxylic acid-containing natural products are rare and their biosynthesis and biological significance remain unknown. Thioplatensimycin (thioPTM) and thioplatencin (thioPTN), thiocarboxylic acid congeners of the antibacterial natural products platensimycin (PTM) and platencin (PTN), were recently discovered. Here we report the biosynthetic origin of the thiocarboxylic acid moiety in thioPTM and thioPTN. We identify a thioacid cassette encoding two proteins, PtmA3 and PtmU4, responsible for carboxylate activation by coenzyme A and sulfur transfer, respectively. ThioPTM and thioPTN bind tightly to β-ketoacyl-ACP synthase II (FabF) and retain strong antibacterial activities. Density functional theory calculations of binding and solvation free energies suggest thioPTM and thioPTN bind to FabF more favorably than PTM and PTN. Additionally, thioacid cassettes are prevalent in the genomes of bacteria, implicating that thiocarboxylic acid-containing natural products are underappreciated. These results suggest that thiocarboxylic acid, as an alternative pharmacophore, and thiocarboxylic acid-containing natural products may be considered for future drug discovery.	1
Title: Fungal polyketide synthase product chain-length control by partnering thiohydrolase Abstract: Fungal highly reducing polyketide synthases (HRPKSs) are an enigmatic group of multidomain enzymes that catalyze the biosynthesis of structurally diverse compounds. This variety stems from their intrinsic programming rules, which permutate the use of tailoring domains and determine the overall number of iterative cycles. From genome sequencing and mining of the producing strain Eupenicillium brefeldianum ATCC 58665, we identified an HRPKS involved in the biosynthesis of an important protein transport-inhibitor Brefeldin A (BFA), followed by reconstitution of its activity in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and in vitro. Bref-PKS demonstrated an NADPH-dependent reductive tailoring specificity that led to the synthesis of four different octaketide products with varying degrees of reduction. Furthermore, contrary to what is expected from the structure of BFA, Bref-PKS is found to be a nonaketide synthase in the absence of an associated thiohydrolase Bref-TH. Such chain-length control by the partner thiohydrolase was found to be present in other HRPKS systems and highlights the importance of including tailoring enzyme activities in predicting fungal HRPKS functions and their products.	1
Title: Fungal indole alkaloid biosynthesis: genetic and biochemical investigation of the tryptoquialanine pathway in Penicillium aethiopicum Abstract: Tremorgenic mycotoxins are a group of indole alkaloids which include the quinazoline-containing tryptoquivaline (2) that are capable of eliciting intermittent or sustained tremors in vertebrate animals. The biosynthesis of this group of bioactive compounds, which are characterized by an acetylated quinazoline ring connected to a 6-5-5 imidazoindolone ring system via a 5-membered spirolactone, has remained uncharacterized. Here, we report the identification of a gene cluster (tqa) from P. aethiopicum that is involved in the biosynthesis of tryptoquialanine (1), which is structurally similar to 2. The pathway has been confirmed to go through an intermediate common to the fumiquinazoline pathway, fumiquinazoline F, which originates from a fungal trimodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). By systematically inactivating every biosynthetic gene in the cluster, followed by isolation and characterization of the intermediates, we were able to establish the biosynthetic sequence of the pathway. An unusual oxidative opening of the pyrazinone ring by an FAD-dependent berberine bridge enzyme-like oxidoreductase has been proposed based on genetic knockout studies. Notably, a 2-aminoisobutyric acid (AIB)-utilizing NRPS module has been identified and reconstituted in vitro, along with two putative enzymes of unknown functions that are involved in the synthesis of the unnatural amino acid by genetic analysis. This work provides new genetic and biochemical insights into the biosynthesis of this group of fungal alkaloids, including the tremorgens related to 2.	1
Title: Characterization of a silent azaphilone gene cluster from Aspergillus niger ATCC 1015 reveals a hydroxylation-mediated pyran-ring formation Abstract: Azaphilones are a class of fungal metabolites characterized by a highly oxygenated pyrano-quinone bicyclic core and exhibiting a broad range of bioactivities. Although widespread among various fungi, their biosynthesis has not been thoroughly elucidated. By activation of a silent (aza) gene cluster in Aspergillus niger ATCC 1015, we discovered six azaphilone compounds, azanigerones A-F (1, 3-7). Transcriptional analysis and deletion of a key polyketide synthase (PKS) gene further confirmed the involvement of the aza gene cluster. The biosynthetic pathway was shown to involve the convergent actions of a highly reducing PKS and a non-reducing PKS. Most significantly, in vitro reaction of a key flavin-dependent monooxygenase encoded in the cluster with an early benzaldehyde intermediate revealed its roles in hydroxylation and pyran-ring formation to afford the characteristic bicylic core shared by azaphilones.	1
Title: Discovery of cryptic polyketide metabolites from dermatophytes using heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Dermatophytes belonging to the Trichophyton and Arthroderma genera cause skin infections in humans and animals. From genome sequencing data, we mined a conserved gene cluster among dermatophytes that are homologous to one that produces an immunosuppressive polyketide in Aspergillus fumigatus. Using a recombination-based cloning strategy in yeast, we constructed fungal heterologous expression vectors that encode the cryptic clusters. When integrated into the model Aspergillus nidulans host, a structurally related compound neosartoricin B was formed, suggesting a possible role of this compound in the pathogenesis of these strains.	1
Title: Genome mining of a prenylated and immunosuppressive polyketide from pathogenic fungi Abstract: Activation of the polycyclic polyketide prenyltransferase (pcPTase)-containing silent clusters in Aspergillus fumigatus and Neosartorya fischeri led to isolation of a new metabolite neosartoricin (3). The structure of 3 was solved by X-ray crystallography and NMR to be a prenylated anthracenone. 3 exhibits T-cell antiproliferative activity with an IC(50) of 3 μM, suggestive of a physiological role as an immunosuppressive agent.	1
Title: Natural combinatorial biosynthesis involving two clusters for the synthesis of three pyrrolamides in Streptomyces netropsis Abstract: The pyrrolamides constitute a small family of secondary metabolites that are known for their ability to bind noncovalently to the DNA minor groove with some sequence specificity. To date, only a single pyrrolamide biosynthetic gene cluster has been reported, directing the synthesis of congocidine (netropsin) in Streptomyces ambofaciens. In this study, we improve our understanding of pyrrolamide biosynthesis through the identification and characterization of the gene cluster responsible for the production of distamycin in Streptomyces netropsis DSM40846. We discover that the strain produces two other pyrrolamides, the well-characterized congocidine and a congocidine/distamycin hybrid that we named disgocidine. S. netropsis DSM40846 genome analysis led to the identification of two distinct pyrrolamide-like biosynthetic gene clusters. We show here that these two clusters are reciprocally dependent for the production of the three pyrrolamide molecules. Furthermore, based on detailed functional analysis of these clusters, we propose a biosynthetic route to congocidine and distamycin and an updated model for pyrrolamide assembly. The synthesis of disgocidine, the distamycin/congocidine hybrid, appears to constitute the first example of "natural combinatorial biosynthesis" between two related biosynthetic pathways. Finally, we analyze the genomic context of the two biosynthetic gene clusters and suggest that the presently interdependent clusters result from the coevolution of two ancestral independent pyrrolamide gene clusters.	1
Title: A peptide ligase and the ribosome cooperate to synthesize the peptide pheganomycin Abstract: Peptide antibiotics are typically biosynthesized by one of two distinct machineries in a ribosome-dependent or ribosome-independent manner. Pheganomycin (PGM (1)) and related analogs consist of the nonproteinogenic amino acid (S)-2-(3,5-dihydroxy-4-hydroxymethyl)phenyl-2-guanidinoacetic acid (2) and a proteinogenic core peptide, making their origin uncertain. We report the identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces cirratus responsible for PGM production. Unexpectedly, the cluster contains a gene encoding multiple precursor peptides along with several genes plausibly encoding enzymes for the synthesis of amino acid 2. We identified PGM1, which has an ATP-grasp domain, as potentially capable of linking the precursor peptides with 2, and validate this hypothesis using deletion mutants and in vitro reconstitution. We document PGM1's substrate permissivity, which could be rationalized by a large binding pocket as confirmed via structural and mutagenesis experiments. This is to our knowledge the first example of cooperative peptide synthesis achieved by ribosomes and peptide ligases using a peptide nucleophile.	1
Title: Biosynthetic origin of the antibiotic cyclocarbamate brabantamide A (SB-253514) in plant-associated Pseudomonas Abstract: Within the framework of our genome-based program to discover new antibiotic lipopeptides from Pseudomonads, brabantamides A-C were isolated from plant-associated Pseudomonas sp. SH-C52. Brabantamides A-C displayed moderate to high in vitro activities against Gram-positive bacterial pathogens. Their shared structure is unique in that they contain a 5,5-bicyclic carbamate scaffold. Here, the biosynthesis of brabantamide A (SB-253514) was studied by a combination of bioinformatics, feeding experiments with isotopically labelled precursors and in vivo and in vitro functional analysis of enzymes encoded in the biosynthetic pathway. The studies resulted in the deduction of all biosynthetic building blocks of brabantamide A and revealed an unusual feature of this metabolite: its biosynthesis occurs via an initially formed linear di-lipopeptide that is subsequently rearranged by a novel FAD-dependent Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase.	1
Title: Insights into the pamamycin biosynthesis Abstract: Pamamycins are macrodiolides of polyketide origin with antibacterial activities. Their biosynthesis has been proposed to utilize succinate as a building block. However, the mechanism of succinate incorporation into a polyketide was unclear. Here, we report identification of a pamamycin biosynthesis gene cluster by aligning genomes of two pamamycin-producing strains. This unique cluster contains polyketide synthase (PKS) genes encoding seven discrete ketosynthase (KS) enzymes and one acyl-carrier protein (ACP)-encoding gene. A cosmid containing the entire set of genes required for pamamycin biosynthesis was successfully expressed in a heterologous host. Genetic and biochemical studies allowed complete delineation of pamamycin biosynthesis. The pathway proceeds through 3-oxoadipyl-CoA, a key intermediate in the primary metabolism of the degradation of aromatic compounds. 3-Oxoadipyl-CoA could be used as an extender unit in polyketide assembly to facilitate the incorporation of succinate.	1
Title: Use of PCR-targeted mutagenesis to disrupt production of fusaricidin-type antifungal antibiotics in Paenibacillus polymyxa Abstract: Paenibacillus polymyxa (formerly Bacillus polymyxa) PKB1 has been identified as a potential agent for biocontrol of blackleg disease of canola, caused by the pathogenic fungus Leptosphaeria maculans. The factors presumed to contribute to disease suppression by strain PKB1 include the production of fusaricidin-type antifungal metabolites that appear around the onset of bacterial sporulation. The fusaricidins are a family of lipopeptide antibiotics consisting of a beta-hydroxy fatty acid linked to a cyclic hexapeptide. Using a reverse genetic approach based on conserved motifs of nonribosomal peptide synthetases, a DNA fragment that appears to encode the first two modules of the putative fusaricidin synthetase (fusA) was isolated from PKB1. To confirm the involvement of fusA in production of fusaricidins, a modified PCR targeting mutagenesis protocol was developed to create a fusA mutation in PKB1. A DNA fragment internal to fusA was replaced by a gene disruption cassette containing two antibiotic resistance genes for independent selection of apramycin resistance in Escherichia coli and chloramphenicol resistance in P. polymyxa. Inclusion of an oriT site in the disruption cassette allowed efficient transfer of the inactivated fusA allele to P. polymyxa by intergeneric conjugation. Targeted disruption of fusA led to the complete loss of antifungal activity against L. maculans, suggesting that fusA plays an essential role in the nonribosomal synthesis of fusaricidins.	1
Title: Nonribosomal biosynthesis of fusaricidins by Paenibacillus polymyxa PKB1 involves direct activation of a D-amino acid Abstract: Paenibacillus polymyxa PKB1 produces fusaricidins, a family of lipopeptide antibiotics that strongly inhibits the growth of many plant pathogenic fungi. The fusaricidin biosynthetic gene cluster was cloned and sequenced, and it spans 32.4 kb, including an open reading frame (fusA) encoding a six-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase. The second, fourth, and fifth modules of fusaricidin synthetase each contain an epimerization domain, consistent with the structure of fusaricidins. However, no epimerization domain is found in the sixth module, corresponding to D-Ala. This sixth adenylation domain was produced at a high level in Escherichia coli and is shown to activate D-Ala specifically, providing evidence for direct activation of a D-amino acid by a prokaryotic peptide synthetase. The fusaricidin gene cluster also includes genes involved in the biosynthesis of the lipid moiety, but no genes for resistance, regulation, or transport functions were encountered.	1
Title: New aminocoumarins from the rare actinomycete Catenulispora acidiphila DSM 44928: identification, structure elucidation, and heterologous production Abstract: Genome mining led to the discovery of a novel aminocoumarin gene cluster in the rare actinomycete Catenulispora acidiphila DSM 44928. Sequence analysis revealed the presence of genes putatively involved in export/resistance, regulation, and biosynthesis of the aminocoumarin moiety and its halogenation, as well as several genes with so far unknown function. Two new aminocoumarins, cacibiocin A and B, were identified in the culture broth of C. acidiphila. Heterologous expression of the putative gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M1152 confirmed that this cluster is responsible for cacibiocin biosynthesis. Furthermore, total production levels of cacibiocins could be increased by heterologous expression and screening of different culture media from an initial yield of 4.9 mg L(-1) in C. acidiphila to 60 mg L(-1) in S. coelicolor M1152. By HR-MS and NMR analysis, cacibiocin A was found to contain a 3-amino-4,7-dihydroxycoumarin moiety linked by an amide bond to a pyrrole-2,5-dicarboxylic acid. The latter structural motif has not been identified previously in any natural compound. Additionally, cacibiocin B contains two chlorine atoms at positions 6' and 8' of the aminocoumarin moiety.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Catenulispora acidiphila type strain (ID 139908) Abstract: Catenulispora acidiphila Busti et al. 2006 is the type species of the genus Catenulispora, and is of interest because of the rather isolated phylogenetic location it occupies within the scarcely explored suborder Catenulisporineae of the order Actinomycetales. C. acidiphilia is known for its acidophilic, aerobic lifestyle, but can also grow scantly under anaerobic conditions. Under regular conditions, C. acidiphilia grows in long filaments of relatively short aerial hyphae with marked septation. It is a free living, non motile, Gram-positive bacterium isolated from a forest soil sample taken from a wooded area in Gerenzano, Italy. Here we describe the features of this organism, together with the complete genome sequence and annotation. This is the first complete genome sequence of the actinobacterial family Catenulisporaceae, and the 10,467,782 bp long single replicon genome with its 9056 protein-coding and 69 RNA genes is a part of the Genomic Encyclopedia of Bacteria and Archaea project.	1
Title: Capturing linear intermediates and C-terminal variants during maturation of the thiopeptide GE2270 Abstract: Thiopeptides are ribosomally synthesized, posttranslationally modified peptides with potent activity against Gram-positives. However, only GE2270 has yielded semisynthetic derivatives under clinical investigations. The pbt gene cluster from the GE2270 producer Planobispora rosea was successfully expressed in the genetically tractable Nonomuraea ATCC39727. Gene deletions established that PbtO, PbtM1, PbtM2, PbtM3, and PbtM4 are involved in regiospecific hydroxylation and methylations of GE2270, leading to the generation of various derivatives with altered decorations. Further deletions established that PbtH and PbtG1 are involved in C-terminal amide and oxazoline formation, respectively. Surprisingly, preventing either step resulted in the accumulation of linear precursors in which the pyridine-generated macrocycle failed to form, and only one of the pyridine-forming serine residues had been dehydrated. Often, these linear precursors present a shortened C terminus but retain the full set of methylation and hydroxylation decorations.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of the thiopeptide antibiotic GE2270 from Planobispora rosea ATCC 53733 in Streptomyces coelicolor requires deletion of ribosomal genes from the expression construct Abstract: GE2270 is a thiopeptide antibiotic generated by extensive posttranslational modifications of a ribosomally generated precursor peptide. Thiopeptides are especially active against Gram-positive bacteria, including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). In this study the GE2270 biosynthetic gene cluster (pbt) from Planobispora rosea ATCC 53733 was successfully expressed in the heterologous host strain Streptomyces coelicolor M1146. Notably, exconjugants containing the pbt gene cluster could only be obtained after deletion of the major part of the ribosomal genes flanking the gene cluster. This is a striking example that genes belonging to primary metabolism can prevent the successful conjugative transfer of DNA from phylogenetic distant species and thus complicate heterologous expression of secondary metabolite gene clusters. GE2270 production in the heterologous producer strain increased after introduction of the constitutive ermE* promoter upstream of the GE2270 resistance gene tuf from P. rosea. Insertion of the inducible tcp830 promoter resulted in inducible GE2270 production. When the regulatory gene pbtR was deleted, the resulting strain ceased to produce GE2270, suggesting an essential role of PbtR as a putative transcriptional activator of GE2270 expression.	1
Title: Flavoenzyme-catalyzed atropo-selective N,C-bipyrrole homocoupling in marinopyrrole biosynthesis Abstract: Axially chiral biaryl compounds are frequently encountered in nature where they exhibit diverse biological properties. Many are biphenols that have C-C or C-O linkages installed by cytochrome P450 oxygenases that control the regio- and stereoselectivity of the intermolecular coupling reaction. In contrast, bipyrrole-coupling enzymology has not been observed. Marinopyrroles, produced by a marine-derived streptomycete, are the first 1,3'-bipyrrole natural products. On the basis of marinopyrrole's unusual bipyrrole structure, we explored its atropo-selective biosynthesis in Streptomyces sp. CNQ-418 in order to elucidate the N,C-bipyrrole homocoupling enzymology. Through a series of genetic experiments involving the discovery and heterologous expression of marinopyrrole biosynthesis genes, we report that two flavin-dependent halogenases catalyze the unprecedented homocoupling reaction.	1
Title: Characterization of cyanobacterial hydrocarbon composition and distribution of biosynthetic pathways Abstract: Cyanobacteria possess the unique capacity to naturally produce hydrocarbons from fatty acids. Hydrocarbon compositions of thirty-two strains of cyanobacteria were characterized to reveal novel structural features and insights into hydrocarbon biosynthesis in cyanobacteria. This investigation revealed new double bond (2- and 3-heptadecene) and methyl group positions (3-, 4- and 5-methylheptadecane) for a variety of strains. Additionally, results from this study and literature reports indicate that hydrocarbon production is a universal phenomenon in cyanobacteria. All cyanobacteria possess the capacity to produce hydrocarbons from fatty acids yet not all accomplish this through the same metabolic pathway. One pathway comprises a two-step conversion of fatty acids first to fatty aldehydes and then alkanes that involves a fatty acyl ACP reductase (FAAR) and aldehyde deformylating oxygenase (ADO). The second involves a polyketide synthase (PKS) pathway that first elongates the acyl chain followed by decarboxylation to produce a terminal alkene (olefin synthase, OLS). Sixty-one strains possessing the FAAR/ADO pathway and twelve strains possessing the OLS pathway were newly identified through bioinformatic analyses. Strains possessing the OLS pathway formed a cohesive phylogenetic clade with the exception of three Moorea strains and Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 6406 which may have acquired the OLS pathway via horizontal gene transfer. Hydrocarbon pathways were identified in one-hundred-forty-two strains of cyanobacteria over a broad phylogenetic range and there were no instances where both the FAAR/ADO and the OLS pathways were found together in the same genome, suggesting an unknown selective pressure maintains one or the other pathway, but not both.	1
Title: Modular synthase-encoding gene involved in α-olefin biosynthesis in Synechococcus sp. strain PCC 7002 Abstract: A gene involved in the production of medium-chain α-olefins was identified in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus sp. strain PCC 7002. The gene encodes a large multidomain protein with homology to type I polyketide synthases, suggesting a route for hydrocarbon biosynthesis from fatty acids via an elongation decarboxylation mechanism.	1
Title: A desaturase gene involved in the formation of 1,14-nonadecadiene in Synechococcus sp. strain PCC 7002 Abstract: The marine cyanobacterium Synechococcus sp. strain PCC 7002 synthesizes two alkenes, 1-nonadecene and 1,14-nonadecadiene. Whereas the genetic basis for the biosynthesis of the terminal double bond in both alkenes has been characterized, the origin of the internal double bond in 1,14-nonadecadiene has not. In this study, we demonstrate that a gene encoding an uncharacterized desaturase is involved in the formation of the internal double bond of 1,14-nonadecadiene. Further, at low temperatures, the desaturase gene is essential for growth, and in wild-type cells the levels of 1,14-nonadecadiene increase relative to that of cells grown at 38°C. These data suggest that 1,14-nonadecadiene plays a role in responding to cold stress.	1
Title: Crystal structure of the ECH2 catalytic domain of CurF from Lyngbya majuscula. Insights into a decarboxylase involved in polyketide chain beta-branching Abstract: Curacin A is a mixed polyketide/nonribosomal peptide possessing anti-mitotic and anti-proliferative activity. In the biosynthesis of curacin A, the N-terminal domain of the CurF multifunctional protein catalyzes decarboxylation of 3-methylglutaconyl-acyl carrier protein (ACP) to 3-methylcrotonyl-ACP, the postulated precursor of the cyclopropane ring of curacin A. This decarboxylase is encoded within an "HCS cassette" that is used by several other polyketide biosynthetic systems to generate chemical diversity by introduction of a beta-branch functional group to the natural product. The crystal structure of the CurF N-terminal ECH(2) domain establishes that the protein is a crotonase superfamily member. Ala(78) and Gly(118) form an oxyanion hole in the active site that includes only three polar side chains as potential catalytic residues. Site-directed mutagenesis and a biochemical assay established critical functions for His(240) and Lys(86), whereas Tyr(82) was nonessential. A decarboxylation mechanism is proposed in which His(240) serves to stabilize the substrate carboxylate and Lys(86) donates a proton to C-4 of the acyl-ACP enolate intermediate to form the Delta(2) unsaturated isopentenoyl-ACP product. The CurF ECH(2) domain showed a 20-fold selectivity for ACP-over CoA-linked substrates. Specificity for ACP-linked substrates has not been reported for any other crotonase superfamily decarboxylase. Tyr(73) may select against CoA-linked substrates by blocking a contact of Arg(38) with the CoA adenosine 5'-phosphate.	1
Title: Conformational switch triggered by alpha-ketoglutarate in a halogenase of curacin A biosynthesis Abstract: The CurA halogenase (Hal) catalyzes a cryptic chlorination leading to cyclopropane ring formation in the synthesis of the natural product curacin A. Hal belongs to a family of enzymes that use Fe(2+), O(2) and alpha-ketoglutarate (alphaKG) to perform a variety of halogenation reactions in natural product biosynthesis. Crystal structures of the enzyme in five ligand states reveal strikingly different open and closed conformations dependent on alphaKG binding. The open form represents ligand-free enzyme, preventing substrate from entering the active site until both alphaKG and chloride are bound, while the closed form represents the holoenzyme with alphaKG and chloride coordinated to iron. Candidate amino acid residues involved in substrate recognition were identified by site-directed mutagenesis. These new structures provide direct evidence of a conformational switch driven by alphaKG leading to chlorination of an early pathway intermediate.	1
Title: Conservation of the genes for HC-toxin biosynthesis in Alternaria jesenskae Abstract: Background:                       HC-toxin, a cyclic tetrapeptide, is a virulence determinant for the plant pathogenic fungus Cochliobolus carbonum. It was recently discovered that another fungus, Alternaria jesenskae, also produces HC-toxin.                  Results:                       The major genes (collectively known as AjTOX2) involved in the biosynthesis of HC-toxin were identified from A. jesenskae by genomic sequencing. The encoded orthologous proteins share 75-85% amino acid identity, and the genes for HC-toxin biosynthesis are duplicated in both fungi. The genomic organization of the genes in the two fungi show a similar but not identical partial clustering arrangement. A set of representative housekeeping proteins show a similar high level of amino acid identity between C. carbonum and A. jesenskae, which is consistent with the close relatedness of these two genera within the family Pleosporaceae (Dothideomycetes).                  Conclusions:                       This is the first report that the plant virulence factor HC-toxin is made by an organism other than C. carbonum. The genes may have moved by horizontal transfer between the two species, but it cannot be excluded that they were present in a common ancestor and lost from other species of Alternaria and Cochliobolus.	1
Title: Analysis of an inactive cyanobactin biosynthetic gene cluster leads to discovery of new natural products from strains of the genus Microcystis Abstract: Cyanobactins are cyclic peptides assembled through the cleavage and modification of short precursor proteins. An inactive cyanobactin gene cluster has been described from the genome Microcystis aeruginosa NIES843. Here we report the discovery of active counterparts in strains of the genus Microcystis guided by this silent cyanobactin gene cluster. The end products of the gene clusters were structurally diverse cyclic peptides, which we named piricyclamides. Some of the piricyclamides consisted solely of proteinogenic amino acids while others contained disulfide bridges and some were prenylated or geranylated. The piricyclamide gene clusters encoded between 1 and 4 precursor genes. They encoded highly diverse core peptides ranging in length from 7-17 amino acids with just a single conserved amino acid. Heterologous expression of the pir gene cluster from Microcystis aeruginosa PCC7005 in Escherichia coli confirmed that this gene cluster is responsible for the biosynthesis of piricyclamides. Chemical analysis demonstrated that Microcystis strains could produce an array of piricyclamides some of which are geranylated or prenylated. The genetic diversity of piricyclamides in a bloom sample was explored and 19 different piricyclamide precursor genes were found. This study provides evidence for a stunning array of piricyclamides in Microcystis, a worldwide occurring bloom forming cyanobacteria.	1
Title: The genome sequence of Streptomyces lividans 66 reveals a novel tRNA-dependent peptide biosynthetic system within a metal-related genomic island Abstract: The complete genome sequence of the original isolate of the model actinomycete Streptomyces lividans 66, also referred to as 1326, was deciphered after a combination of next-generation sequencing platforms and a hybrid assembly pipeline. Comparative analysis of the genomes of S. lividans 66 and closely related strains, including S. coelicolor M145 and S. lividans TK24, was used to identify strain-specific genes. The genetic diversity identified included a large genomic island with a mosaic structure, present in S. lividans 66 but not in the strain TK24. Sequence analyses showed that this genomic island has an anomalous (G + C) content, suggesting recent acquisition and that it is rich in metal-related genes. Sequences previously linked to a mobile conjugative element, termed plasmid SLP3 and defined here as a 94 kb region, could also be identified within this locus. Transcriptional analysis of the response of S. lividans 66 to copper was used to corroborate a role of this large genomic island, including two SLP3-borne "cryptic" peptide biosynthetic gene clusters, in metal homeostasis. Notably, one of these predicted biosynthetic systems includes an unprecedented nonribosomal peptide synthetase--tRNA-dependent transferase biosynthetic hybrid organization. This observation implies the recruitment of members of the leucyl/phenylalanyl-tRNA-protein transferase family to catalyze peptide bond formation within the biosynthesis of natural products. Thus, the genome sequence of S. lividans 66 not only explains long-standing genetic and phenotypic differences but also opens the door for further in-depth comparative genomic analyses of model Streptomyces strains, as well as for the discovery of novel natural products following genome-mining approaches.	1
Title: Elucidating hydroxylation and methylation steps tailoring piericidin A1 biosynthesis Abstract: The piericidin A1 (1) gene cluster was identified from the deep-sea derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 03032. Our in vivo and in vitro experiments verified PieE as a 4'-hydroxylase and PieB2 as a 4'-O-methyltransferase, allowing the elucidation of the post-PKS modification steps involved in 1 biosynthesis. In addition, the shunt metabolite piericidin E1 (7) was identified as a novel analogue featuring a C-2/C-3 epoxy ring.	1
Title: Listeriolysin S, a novel peptide haemolysin associated with a subset of lineage I Listeria monocytogenes Abstract: Streptolysin S (SLS) is a bacteriocin-like haemolytic and cytotoxic virulence factor that plays a key role in the virulence of Group A Streptococcus (GAS), the causative agent of pharyngitis, impetigo, necrotizing fasciitis and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome. Although it has long been thought that SLS and related peptides are produced by GAS and related streptococci only, there is evidence to suggest that a number of the most notorious Gram-positive pathogenic bacteria, including Listeria monocytogenes, Clostridium botulinum and Staphylococcus aureus, produce related peptides. The distribution of the L. monocytogenes cluster is particularly noteworthy in that it is found exclusively among a subset of lineage I strains; i.e., those responsible for the majority of outbreaks of listeriosis. Expression of these genes results in the production of a haemolytic and cytotoxic factor, designated Listeriolysin S, which contributes to virulence of the pathogen as assessed by murine- and human polymorphonuclear neutrophil-based studies. Thus, in the process of establishing the existence of an extended family of SLS-like modified virulence peptides (MVPs), the genetic basis for the enhanced virulence of a proportion of lineage I L. monocytogenes may have been revealed.	1
Title: Real-time PCR assay to differentiate Listeriolysin S-positive and -negative strains of Listeria monocytogenes Abstract: Due to the severity of the food-borne infection listeriosis, strict legislation governs the detectable and permissible limits at which Listeria monocytogenes is permitted in foods. These requirements, coupled with the ubiquitous nature of L. monocytogenes strains and the potential for epidemic outbreaks, mean that the pathogen can devastate affected sectors of the food industry. Although almost all L. monocytogenes strains have the potential to cause listeriosis, those implicated in the vast majority of epidemics belong to a subset of strains belonging to evolutionary lineage I. It has been established that a significant proportion of these strains, including those implicated in the majority of outbreaks, produce an additional hemolysin, designated listeriolysin S (LLS), which may be responsible for the enhanced virulence of these strains. In order to ultimately establish this definitively, it is important to first be able to rapidly discriminate between LLS-positive and -negative strains. Here, after essential genes within the LLS-encoding cluster, Listeria pathogenicity island 3, were identified by deletion mutagenesis, a real-time PCR assay which targets one such gene, llsX, was developed as a means of identifying LLS-positive L. monocytogenes. The specificity of the assay was validated against a panel of 40 L. monocytogenes strains (20 of which were LLS positive) and 25 strains representative of other Listeria species. Furthermore, 1 CFU of an LLS-positive strain per 25 g/ml of spiked foods was detected in less than 30 h when the assay was coupled with culture enrichment. The detection limit of this assay was 10 genome equivalents.	1
Title: Atypical Listeria innocua strains possess an intact LIPI-3 Abstract: Background:                       Listeria monocytogenes is a food-borne pathogen which is the causative agent of listeriosis and can be divided into three evolutionary lineages I, II and III. While all strains possess the well established virulence factors associated with the Listeria pathogenicity island I (LIPI-1), lineage I strains also possess an additional pathogenicity island designated LIPI-3 which encodes listeriolysin S (LLS), a post-translationally modified cytolytic peptide. Up until now, this pathogenicity island has been identified exclusively in a subset of lineage I isolates of the pathogen Listeria monocytogenes.                  Results:                       In total 64 L. innocua strains were screened for the presence of LIPI-3. Here we report the identification of an intact LIPI-3 in 11 isolates of L. innocua and the remnants of the cluster in several others. Significantly, we can reveal that placing the L. innocua lls genes under the control of a constitutive promoter results in a haemolytic phenotype, confirming that the cluster is capable of encoding a functional haemolysin.                  Conclusions:                       Although the presence of the LIPI-3 gene cluster is confined to lineage I isolates of L. monocytogenes, a corresponding gene cluster or its remnants have been identified in many L. innocua strains.	1
Title: Flavin-linked oxidase catalyzes pyrrolizine formation of dichloropyrrole-containing polyketide extender unit in chlorizidine A Abstract: The marine alkaloid chlorizidine A contains chlorinated pyrroloisoindolone and pyrrolizine rings that are rare chemical features in bacterial natural products. Herein, we report the biosynthetic logic of their construction in Streptomyces sp. CNH-287 based on the identification of the chlorizidine A biosynthetic gene cluster. Using whole pathway heterologous expression and genetic manipulations, we show that chlorizidine A is assembled by a polyketide synthase that uniquely incorporates a fatty acid synthase-derived dichloropyrrolyl extender unit into the pyrroloisoindolone enzymatic product. We further provide the first biochemical characterization of a flavoenzyme associated with the oxidative formation of chlorizidine A's distinctive pyrrolizine ring. This work illuminates new enzymatic assembly line processes leading to rare nitrogen-containing rings in nature.	1
Title: Chlorizidine, a cytotoxic 5H-pyrrolo[2,1-a]isoindol-5-one-containing alkaloid from a marine Streptomyces sp Abstract: Cultivation of an obligate marine Streptomyces strain has provided the cytotoxic natural product chlorizidine A. X-ray crystallographic analysis revealed that the metabolite is composed of a chlorinated 2,3-dihydropyrrolizine ring attached to a chlorinated 5H-pyrrolo[2,1-a]isoindol-5-one. The carbon stereocenter in the dihydropyrrolizine is S-configured. Remarkably, the 5H-pyrrolo[2,1-a]isoindol-5-one moiety has no precedence in the field of natural products. The presence of this ring system, which was demonstrated to undergo facile nucleophilic substitution reactions at the activated carbonyl group, is essential to the molecule's cytotoxicity against HCT-116 human colon cancer cells.	1
Title: Structure, bioactivity, and resistance mechanism of streptomonomicin, an unusual lasso Peptide from an understudied halophilic actinomycete Abstract: Natural products are the most historically significant source of compounds for drug development. However, unacceptably high rates of compound rediscovery associated with large-scale screening of common microbial producers have resulted in the abandonment of many natural product drug discovery efforts, despite the increasing prevalence of clinically problematic antibiotic resistance. Screening of underexplored taxa represents one strategy to avoid rediscovery. Herein we report the discovery, isolation, and structural elucidation of streptomonomicin (STM), an antibiotic lasso peptide from Streptomonospora alba, and report the genome for its producing organism. STM-resistant clones of Bacillus anthracis harbor mutations to walR, the gene encoding a response regulator for the only known widely distributed and essential two-component signal transduction system in Firmicutes. To the best of our knowledge, Streptomonospora had been hitherto biosynthetically and genetically uncharacterized, with STM being the first reported compound from the genus. Our results demonstrate that understudied microbes remain fruitful reservoirs for the rapid discovery of novel, bioactive natural products.	1
Title: Cloning and heterologous expression of three type II PKS gene clusters from Streptomyces bottropensis Abstract: Mensacarcin is a potent cytotoxic agent isolated from Streptomyces bottropensis. It possesses a high content of oxygen atoms and two epoxide groups, and shows cytostatic and cytotoxic activity comparable to that of doxorubicin, a widely used drug for antitumor therapy. Another natural compound, rishirilide A, was also isolated from the fermentation broth of S. bottropensis. Screening a cosmid library of S. bottropensis with minimal PKS-gene-specific primers revealed the presence of three different type II polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters in this strain: the msn cluster (mensacarcin biosynthesis), the rsl cluster (rishirilide biosynthesis), and the mec cluster (putative spore pigment biosynthesis). Interestingly, luciferase-like oxygenases, which are very rare in Streptomyces species, are enriched in both the msn cluster and the rsl cluster. Three cosmids, cos2 (containing the major part of the msn cluster), cos3 (harboring the mec cluster), and cos4 (spanning probably the whole rsl cluster) were introduced into the general heterologous host Streptomyces albus by intergeneric conjugation. Expression of cos2 and cos4 in S. albus led to the production of didesmethylmensacarcin (DDMM, a precursor of mensacarcin) and the production of rishirilide A and B (a precursor of rishirilide A), respectively. However, no product was detected from the expression of cos3. In addition, based on the results of isotope-feeding experiments in S. bottropensis, a putative biosynthesis pathway for mensacarcin is proposed.	1
Title: Insights into the bioactivity of mensacarcin and epoxide formation by MsnO8 Abstract: Mensacarcin, a potential antitumour drug, is produced by Streptomyces bottropensis. The structure consists of a three-membered ring system with many oxygen atoms. Of vital importance in this context is an epoxy moiety in the side chain of mensacarcin. Our studies with different mensacarcin derivatives have demonstrated that this epoxy group is primarily responsible for the cytotoxic effect of mensacarcin. In order to obtain further information about this epoxy moiety, inactivation experiments in the gene cluster were carried out to identify the epoxy-forming enzyme. Therefore the cosmid cos2, which covers almost the complete type II polyketide synthase (PKS) gene cluster, was heterologously expressed in Streptomyces albus. This led to production of didesmethylmensacarcin, due to the fact that methyltransferase genes are missing in the cosmid. Further gene inactivation experiments on this cosmid showed that MsnO8, a luciferase-like monooxygenase, introduces the epoxy group at the end of the biosynthesis of mensacarcin. In addition, the protein MsnO8 was purified, and its crystal structure was determined to a resolution of 1.80 Å.	1
Title: Harnessing the synthetic capabilities of glycopeptide antibiotic tailoring enzymes: characterization of the UK-68,597 biosynthetic cluster Abstract: In this study, a draft genome sequence of Actinoplanes sp. ATCC 53533 was assembled, and an 81-kb biosynthetic cluster for the unusual sulfated glycopeptide UK-68,597 was identified. Glycopeptide antibiotics are important in the treatment of infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria. Glycopeptides contain heptapeptide backbones that are modified by many tailoring enzymes, including glycosyltransferases, sulfotransferases, methyltransferases, and halogenases, generating extensive chemical and functional diversity. Several tailoring enzymes in the cluster were examined in vitro for their ability to modify glycopeptides, resulting in the synthesis of novel molecules. Tailoring enzymes were also expressed in the producer of the glycopeptide aglycone A47934, generating additional chemical diversity. This work characterizes the biosynthetic program of UK-68,597 and demonstrates the capacity to expand glycopeptide chemical diversity by harnessing the unique chemistry of tailoring enzymes.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the earthy odorant geosmin by a bifunctional Streptomyces coelicolor enzyme Abstract: Geosmin is responsible for the characteristic odor of moist soil, as well as off-flavors in drinking water and foodstuffs. Geosmin is generated from farnesyl diphosphate (FPP, 2) by an enzyme that is encoded by the SCO6073 gene in the soil organism Streptomyces coelicolor A32 (ref. 3). We have now shown that the recombinant N-terminal half of this protein catalyzes the Mg2+-dependent cyclization of FPP to germacradienol and germacrene D, while the highly homologous C-terminal domain, previously thought to be catalytically silent, catalyzes the Mg2+-dependent conversion of germacradienol to geosmin. Site-directed mutagenesis confirmed that the N- and C-terminal domains each harbor a distinct, independently functioning active site. A mutation in the N-terminal domain of germacradienol-geosmin synthase of a catalytically essential serine to alanine results in the conversion of FPP to a mixture of sesquiterpenes that includes an aberrant product identified as isolepidozene, which was previously suggested to be an enzyme-bound intermediate in the cyclization of FPP to germacradienol.	1
Title: Cloning and identification of the lobophorin biosynthetic gene cluster from marine Streptomyces olivaceus strain FXJ7.023 Abstract: A full length about 105 kb gene cluster containing 35 open reading frames involved in the biosynthesis of lobophorins was cloned and sequenced from a fosmid genomic library of Streptomyces olivaceus strain FXJ7.023. The cluster was identified by genome wide annotation and analysis of secondary metabolite biosynthesis gene clusters by anti SMASH and knockout of loading module-contained region of polyketide skeleton synthesis gene (the starter of lobS1). Gene cluster comparative analysis suggested that the cluster encoded the complete genes for lobophorin polyketide assembly, modification, substrate catalysis, regulation, transportation and resistance, and shows great identity to the newest reported lobophorin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 01127, but with a significant gene rearrangement in the PKS modules.	1
Title: Difficidin and bacilysin produced by plant-associated Bacillus amyloliquefaciens are efficient in controlling fire blight disease Abstract: Representatives of Bacillus amyloliquefaciens were shown to possess biocontrol activity against fire blight, a serious disease of orchard trees caused by Erwinia amylovora. Genome analysis of B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 identified gene clusters responsible for synthesis of several polyketide compounds with antibacterial action. We show here that the antibacterial polyketides difficidin and to a minor extent bacillaene act efficiently against E. amylovora. Surprisingly, a mutant strain blocked in the production of difficidin (CH8 Deltadfn) inhibited growth of E. amylovora and suppressed fire blight disease nearly in the same range as the wild type. In addition, a sfp mutant (CH3 Deltasfp) unable to synthesize non-ribosomally lipopeptides and polyketides did still suppress growth of E. amylovora, suggesting that besides action of polyketides another antagonistic principle exist. A double mutant (RS06 Deltasfp Deltabac) devoid in polyketide and bacilysin synthesis was unable to suppress growth of E. amylovora indicating that the additional inhibitory effect is due to production of bacilysin, a dipeptide whose synthesis does not depend on Sfp. We propose to use B. amyloliquefaciens strains with enhanced synthesis of difficidin and/or bacilysin for development of biocontrol agents efficient against fire blight disease.	1
Title: Bacilysin from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 has specific bactericidal activity against harmful algal bloom species Abstract: Harmful algal blooms, caused by massive and exceptional overgrowth of microalgae and cyanobacteria, are a serious environmental problem worldwide : In the present study, we looked for Bacillus strains with sufficiently strong anticyanobacterial activity to be used as biocontrol agents. Among 24 strains, Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 showed the strongest bactericidal activity against Microcystis aeruginosa, with a kill rate of 98.78%. The synthesis of the anticyanobacterial substance did not depend on Sfp, an enzyme that catalyzes a necessary processing step in the nonribosomal synthesis of lipopeptides and polyketides, but was associated with the aro gene cluster that is involved in the synthesis of the sfp-independent antibiotic bacilysin. Disruption of bacB, the gene in the cluster responsible for synthesizing bacilysin, or supplementation with the antagonist N-acetylglucosamine abolished the inhibitory effect, but this was restored when bacilysin synthesis was complemented. Bacilysin caused apparent changes in the algal cell wall and cell organelle membranes, and this resulted in cell lysis. Meanwhile, there was downregulated expression of glmS, psbA1, mcyB, and ftsZ-genes involved in peptidoglycan synthesis, photosynthesis, microcystin synthesis, and cell division, respectively. In addition, bacilysin suppressed the growth of other harmful algal species. In summary, bacilysin produced by B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 has anticyanobacterial activity and thus could be developed as a biocontrol agent to mitigate the effects of harmful algal blooms.	1
Title: More than anticipated - production of antibiotics and other secondary metabolites by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 Abstract: The genome of environmental Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 harbors numerous gene clusters involved in synthesis of antifungal and antibacterial acting secondary metabolites. Five gene clusters, srf, bmy, fen, nrs, dhb, covering altogether 137 kb, direct non-ribosomal synthesis of the cyclic lipopeptides surfactin, bacillomycin, fengycin, an unknown peptide, and the iron siderophore bacillibactin. Bacillomycin and fengycin were shown to act against phytopathogenic fungi in a synergistic manner. Three gene clusters, mln, bae, and dif, with a total length of 199 kb were shown to direct synthesis of the antibacterial acting polyketides macrolactin, bacillaene, and difficidin. Both, non-ribosomal synthesis of cyclic lipopeptides and synthesis of polyketides are dependent on the presence of a functional sfp gene product, 4'-phosphopantetheinyl transferase, as evidenced by knockout mutation of the sfp gene resulting in complete absence of all those eight compounds. In addition, here we present evidence that a gene cluster encoding enzymes involved in synthesis and export of the antibacterial acting dipeptide bacilysin is also functional in FZB42. In summary, environmental FZB42 devoted about 340 kb, corresponding to 8.5% of its total genetic capacity, to synthesis of secondary metabolites useful to cope with other competing microorganisms present in the plant rhizosphere.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Insights of Calyculin- and Misakinolide-Type Compounds in "Candidatus Entotheonella sp." Abstract: Microbial symbionts are recognized as the important sources of numerous sponge-derived metabolites with potent biological activities. The limitation to cultivate the majority of potential symbionts has hampered attempts to explore and exploit their natural products for further development toward medical applications. Metagenomics-guided approaches have enabled cloning of natural product biosynthesis genes from uncultured microbial symbionts. Subsequent activation of biosynthesis genes in easily culturable bacteria could lead to the sustainable production of rare sponge-derived compounds. In this chapter, we highlight metagenomic strategies to reveal natural product biosynthetic pathways in sponge metagenomes based on the calyculin and misakinolide polyketides. Techniques to identify the compound producer are briefly discussed. We further describe examples of functional studies of the biosynthetic pathways of these two compound types with a special emphasis on the general experimental protocols for the activity assays of key proteins involved in their biosynthesis.	1
Title: Single-bacterial genomics validates rich and varied specialized metabolism of uncultivated Entotheonella sponge symbionts Abstract: Marine sponges are prolific sources of unique bioactive natural products. The sponge Theonella swinhoei is represented by several distinct variants with largely nonoverlapping chemistry. For the Japanese chemotype Y harboring diverse complex polyketides and peptides, we previously provided genomic and functional evidence that a single symbiont, the filamentous, multicellular organism "Candidatus Entotheonella factor," produces almost all of these compounds. To obtain further insights into the chemistry of "Entotheonella," we investigated another phylotype, "Candidatus Entotheonella serta," present in the T. swinhoei WA sponge chemotype, a source of theonellamide- and misakinolide-type compounds. Unexpectedly, considering the lower chemical diversity, sequencing of individual bacterial filaments revealed an even larger number of biosynthetic gene regions than for Ca E. factor, with virtually no overlap. These included genes for misakinolide and theonellamide biosynthesis, the latter assigned by comparative genomic and metabolic analysis of a T. swinhoei chemotype from Israel, and by biochemical studies. The data suggest that both compound families, which were among the earliest model substances to study bacterial producers in sponges, originate from the same bacterium in T. swinhoei WA. They also add evidence that metabolic richness and variability could be a more general feature of Entotheonella symbionts.	1
Title: Functional Operons in Secondary Metabolic Gene Clusters in Glarea lozoyensis (Fungi, Ascomycota, Leotiomycetes) Abstract: Operons are multigene transcriptional units which occur mostly in prokaryotes but rarely in eukaryotes. Protein-coding operons have not been reported in the Fungi even though they represent a very diverse kingdom of organisms. Here, we report a functional operon involved in the secondary metabolism of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis belonging to Leotiomycetes (Ascomycota). Two contiguous genes, glpks3 and glnrps7, encoding polyketide synthase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase, respectively, are cotranscribed into one dicistronic mRNA under the control of the same promoter, and the mRNA is then translated into two individual proteins, GLPKS3 and GLNRPS7. Heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans shows that the GLPKS3-GLNRPS7 enzyme complex catalyzes the biosynthesis of a novel pyrrolidinedione-containing compound, xenolozoyenone (compound 1), which indicates the operon is functional. Although it is structurally similar to prokaryotic operons, the glpks3-glnrps7 operon locus has a monophylogenic origin from fungi rather than having been horizontally transferred from prokaryotes. Moreover, two additional operons, glpks28-glnrps8 and glpks29-glnrps9, were verified at the transcriptional level in the same fungus. This is the first report of protein-coding operons in a member of the Fungi.                  Importance:                       Operons are multigene transcriptional units which occur mostly in prokaryotes but rarely in eukaryotes. Three operon-like gene structures for secondary metabolism that were discovered in the filamentous fungus Glarea lozoyensis are the first examples of protein-coding operons identified in a member of the Fungi. Among them, the glpks3-glnrps7 operon is responsible for the biosynthesis of xenolozoyenone, which is a novel tetramic acid-containing compound. Although structurally similar to prokaryotic operons, the glpks3-glnrps7 operon locus did not result from horizontal gene transfer from prokaryotes. In addition, operonlike structures have been predicted in silico to be common in other fungi. The common occurrence and operonlike structure in fungi provide evolutionary insight and essential data for eukaryotic gene transcription.	1
Title: Legonaridin, a new member of linaridin RiPP from a Ghanaian Streptomyces isolate Abstract: Linaridins are rare linear ribosomally-synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) and only two, cypemycin and SGR-1832, in this family have been identified so far. Legonaridin 1 has been discovered as a new member of linaridins through chemical isolation, peptidogenomics, comprehensive 1- and 2-D NMR and advanced Marfey's analyses from the soil bacterium Streptomyces sp. CT34, an isolate collected from Legon, Ghana. Bioinformatics analysis of the gene cluster suggested that the biosynthesis of legonaridin 1 is different from those of cypemycin and SGR-1832. Consistent with bioinformatics and peptidogenomics analyses, 1 has a total of nine post-modifications, 8 dehydrobutyrine residues and a N,N-dimethylated N-terminus with a carboxylic acid at the C-terminus. Legonaridin 1 is structurally different from the two known linaridins comprising a new subfamily. This is the first time that NMR spectroscopy is used to establish the 2-D structure of a linaridin RiPP.	1
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of taiwachelin, a lipopeptide siderophore from Cupriavidus taiwanensis Abstract: A genome mining study led to the identification of a previously unrecognised siderophore biosynthesis gene cluster in the nitrogen-fixing bacterium Cupriavidus taiwanensis LMG19424. Based upon predicted structural residues, a convenient strategy for an NMR-assisted isolation of the associated metabolite was designed. The structure of the purified siderophore, taiwachelin, was fully characterized by spectroscopic methods and chemical derivatisation.	1
Title: Identification of a 12-gene Fusaric Acid Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Fusarium Species Through Comparative and Functional Genomics Abstract: In fungi, genes involved in biosynthesis of a secondary metabolite (SM) are often located adjacent to one another in the genome and are coordinately regulated. These SM biosynthetic gene clusters typically encode enzymes, one or more transcription factors, and a transport protein. Fusaric acid is a polyketide-derived SM produced by multiple species of the fungal genus Fusarium. This SM is of concern because it is toxic to animals and, therefore, is considered a mycotoxin and may contribute to plant pathogenesis. Preliminary descriptions of the fusaric acid (FA) biosynthetic gene (FUB) cluster have been reported in two Fusarium species, the maize pathogen F. verticillioides and the rice pathogen F. fujikuroi. The cluster consisted of five genes and did not include a transcription factor or transporter gene. Here, analysis of the FUB region in F. verticillioides, F. fujikuroi, and F. oxysporum, a plant pathogen with multiple hosts, indicates the FUB cluster consists of at least 12 genes (FUB1 to FUB12). Deletion analysis confirmed that nine FUB genes, including two Zn(II)2Cys6 transcription factor genes, are required for production of wild-type levels of FA. Comparisons of FUB cluster homologs across multiple Fusarium isolates and species revealed insertion of non-FUB genes at one or two locations in some homologs. Although the ability to produce FA contributed to the phytotoxicity of F. oxysporum culture extracts, lack of production did not affect virulence of F. oxysporum on cactus or F. verticillioides on maize seedlings. These findings provide new insights into the genetic and biochemical processes required for FA production.	1
Title: The Biosynthesis of Capuramycin-type Antibiotics: IDENTIFICATION OF THE A-102395 BIOSYNTHETIC GENE CLUSTER, MECHANISM OF SELF-RESISTANCE, AND FORMATION OF URIDINE-5'-CARBOXAMIDE Abstract: A-500359s, A-503083s, and A-102395 are capuramycin-type nucleoside antibiotics that were discovered using a screen to identify inhibitors of bacterial translocase I, an essential enzyme in peptidoglycan cell wall biosynthesis. Like the parent capuramycin, A-500359s and A-503083s consist of three structural components: a uridine-5'-carboxamide (CarU), a rare unsaturated hexuronic acid, and an aminocaprolactam, the last of which is substituted by an unusual arylamine-containing polyamide in A-102395. The biosynthetic gene clusters for A-500359s and A-503083s have been reported, and two genes encoding a putative non-heme Fe(II)-dependent α-ketoglutarate:UMP dioxygenase and an l-Thr:uridine-5'-aldehyde transaldolase were uncovered, suggesting that C-C bond formation during assembly of the high carbon (C6) sugar backbone of CarU proceeds from the precursors UMP and l-Thr to form 5'-C-glycyluridine (C7) as a biosynthetic intermediate. Here, isotopic enrichment studies with the producer of A-503083s were used to indeed establish l-Thr as the direct source of the carboxamide of CarU. With this knowledge, the A-102395 gene cluster was subsequently cloned and characterized. A genetic system in the A-102395-producing strain was developed, permitting the inactivation of several genes, including those encoding the dioxygenase (cpr19) and transaldolase (cpr25), which abolished the production of A-102395, thus confirming their role in biosynthesis. Heterologous production of recombinant Cpr19 and CapK, the transaldolase homolog involved in A-503083 biosynthesis, confirmed their expected function. Finally, a phosphotransferase (Cpr17) conferring self-resistance was functionally characterized. The results provide the opportunity to use comparative genomics along with in vivo and in vitro approaches to probe the biosynthetic mechanism of these intriguing structures.	1
Title: Characterization of the colistin (polymyxin E1 and E2) biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Colistin is a mixture of polymyxin E1 and E2, bactericidal pentacationic lipopeptides used to treat infections caused by Gram-negative pathogens such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Klebsiella pneumoniae. Industrial production of colistin is obtained by a fermentation process of the natural producer Paenibacillus polymyxa var colistinus. NonRibosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) coding the biosynthesis of polymyxins A, B and P have been recently described, rendering thereof the improvement of their production possible. However, the colistin biosynthesis pathway was not published so far. In this study, a Paenibacillus alvei has been identified by biochemical (Api 50 CH system) and molecular (16S rDNA sequencing) methods. Its culture supernatant displayed inhibitory activity against Gram-negative bacteria (P. aeruginosa, K. pneumoniae, Salmonella spp.). Two polymyxins, E1 and E2, were recovered from the supernatant and were characterized by high resolution LC-MS. A genomic library (960 clones) was constructed to identify the gene cluster responsible for biosynthesis of polymyxins. Selection of the clones harbouring the sequences of interest was obtained by a simple PCR-based screening. We used primers targeting NRPS sequences leading to the incorporation of amino acids present in polymyxins E. The sequences from three clones of interest were assembled on 50.4 kb. Thus, five open reading frames corresponding to a new NRPS gene cluster of 41 kb were identified. In silico, analyses revealed the presence of three NRPS implicated in the biosynthesis of polymyxins E. This work provides insightful information on colistin biosynthesis and might contribute to future drug developments in this group of antibiotics.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of thiolutin, a tumor angiogenesis inhibitor, in Saccharothrix algeriensis NRRL B-24137 Abstract: In this study, a new dithiolopyrrolone biosynthetic pathway was identified in Saccharothrix algeriensis NRRL B-24137, which was reported to produce a variety of dithiolopyrrolone natural products including thiolutin, a potential drug candidate for tumor angiogenesis inhibition. Bioinformatics analysis of the cluster revealed that it contains all the essential genes for holothin core biosynthesis and several other auxiliary genes. Interestingly, heterologous expression of the gene cluster in Streptomyces albus only induced the production of holomycin, implying that the gene responsible for the N4-methylation and the gene(s) involved in the formation of various acylated chains on N7 position of the holothin may locate outside the gene cluster. Incubation of holomycin with S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) in the cell-free extract of Sa. algeriensis resulted in the production of thiolutin, suggesting that the N4-methyl group of thiolutin is originated from SAM, and the N4-methylation could be in the late stage of biosynthesis of thiolutin type dithiolopyrrolones. An evolution-based model for biosynthesis of thiolutin and its analogs was further proposed based on these results.	1
Title: Genome mining of the hitachimycin biosynthetic gene cluster: involvement of a phenylalanine-2,3-aminomutase in biosynthesis Abstract: Hitachimycin is a macrolactam antibiotic with (S)-β-phenylalanine (β-Phe) at the starter position of its polyketide skeleton. To understand the incorporation mechanism of β-Phe and the modification mechanism of the unique polyketide skeleton, the biosynthetic gene cluster for hitachimycin in Streptomyces scabrisporus was identified by genome mining. The identified gene cluster contains a putative phenylalanine-2,3-aminomutase (PAM), five polyketide synthases, four β-amino-acid-carrying enzymes, and a characteristic amidohydrolase. A hitA knockout mutant showed no hitachimycin production, but antibiotic production was restored by feeding with (S)-β-Phe. We also confirmed the enzymatic activity of the HitA PAM. The results suggest that the identified gene cluster is responsible for the biosynthesis of hitachimycin. A plausible biosynthetic pathway for hitachimycin, including a unique polyketide skeletal transformation mechanism, is proposed.	1
Title: Characterization of the nocardiopsin biosynthetic gene cluster reveals similarities to and differences from the rapamycin and FK-506 pathways Abstract: Macrolide-pipecolate natural products, such as rapamycin (1) and FK-506 (2), are renowned modulators of FK506-binding proteins (FKBPs). The nocardiopsins, from Nocardiopsis sp. CMB-M0232, are the newest members of this structural class. Here, the biosynthetic pathway for nocardiopsins A-D (4-7) is revealed by cloning, sequencing, and bioinformatic analyses of the nsn gene cluster. In vitro evaluation of recombinant NsnL revealed that this lysine cyclodeaminase catalyzes the conversion of L-lysine into the L-pipecolic acid incorporated into 4 and 5. Bioinformatic analyses supported the conjecture that a linear nocardiopsin precursor is equipped with the hydroxy group required for macrolide closure in a previously unobserved manner by employing a P450 epoxidase (NsnF) and limonene epoxide hydrolase homologue (NsnG). The nsn cluster also encodes candidates for tetrahydrofuran group biosynthesis. The nocardiopsin pathway provides opportunities for engineering of FKBP-binding metabolites and for probing new enzymology in nature's polyketide tailoring arsenal.	1
Title: Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for the Anti-infective Desotamides and Production of a New Analogue in a Heterologous Host Abstract: The desotamides (DSAs) are potent antibacterial cyclohexapeptides produced by Streptomyces scopuliridis SCSIO ZJ46. We have identified the 39-kb dsa biosynthetic gene cluster by whole-genome scanning. Composed of 17 open reading frames, the cluster codes for four nonribosomal peptide synthetases and associated resistance, transport, regulatory, and precursor biosynthesis proteins. Heterologous expression of the dsa gene cluster in S. coelicolor M1152 afforded desotamides A and B and the new desotamide G. Cluster identification and its demonstrated amenability to heterologous expression provide the foundation for future mechanistic studies as well as the generation of new and potentially clinically significant DSA analogues.	1
Title: Expanding our understanding of sequence-function relationships of type II polyketide biosynthetic gene clusters: bioinformatics-guided identification of Frankiamicin A from Frankia sp. EAN1pec Abstract: A large and rapidly increasing number of unstudied "orphan" natural product biosynthetic gene clusters are being uncovered in sequenced microbial genomes. An important goal of modern natural products research is to be able to accurately predict natural product structures and biosynthetic pathways from these gene cluster sequences. This requires both development of bioinformatic methods for global analysis of these gene clusters and experimental characterization of select products produced by gene clusters with divergent sequence characteristics. Here, we conduct global bioinformatic analysis of all available type II polyketide gene cluster sequences and identify a conserved set of gene clusters with unique ketosynthase α/β sequence characteristics in the genomes of Frankia species, a group of Actinobacteria with underexploited natural product biosynthetic potential. Through LC-MS profiling of extracts from several Frankia species grown under various conditions, we identified Frankia sp. EAN1pec as producing a compound with spectral characteristics consistent with the type II polyketide produced by this gene cluster. We isolated the compound, a pentangular polyketide which we named frankiamicin A, and elucidated its structure by NMR and labeled precursor feeding. We also propose biosynthetic and regulatory pathways for frankiamicin A based on comparative genomic analysis and literature precedent, and conduct bioactivity assays of the compound. Our findings provide new information linking this set of Frankia gene clusters with the compound they produce, and our approach has implications for accurate functional prediction of the many other type II polyketide clusters present in bacterial genomes.	1
Title: Identification of a new diterpene biosynthetic gene cluster that produces O-methylkolavelool in Herpetosiphon aurantiacus Abstract: Diterpenoids are usually found in plants and fungi, but are rare in bacteria. We have previously reported new diterpenes, named tuberculosinol and isotuberculosinol, which are generated from the Mycobacterium tuberculosis gene products Rv3377c and Rv3378c. No homologous gene was found at that time, but we recently found highly homologous proteins in the Herpetosiphon aurantiacus ATCC 23779 genome. Haur_2145 was a class II diterpene cyclase responsible for the conversion of geranylgeranyl diphosphate into kolavenyl diphosphate. Haur_2146, homologous to Rv3378c, synthesized (+)-kolavelool through the nucleophilic addition of a water molecule to the incipient cation formed after the diphosphate moiety was released. Haur_2147 afforded (+)-O-methylkolavelool from (+)-kolavelool, so this enzyme was an O-methyltransferase. This new diterpene was indeed detected in H. aurantiacus cells. This is the first report of the identification of a (+)-O-methylkolavelool biosynthetic gene cluster.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of akaeolide and lorneic acids and annotation of type I polyketide synthase gene clusters in the genome of Streptomyces sp. NPS554 Abstract: The incorporation pattern of biosynthetic precursors into two structurally unique polyketides, akaeolide and lorneic acid A, was elucidated by feeding experiments with 13C-labeled precursors. In addition, the draft genome sequence of the producer, Streptomyces sp. NPS554, was performed and the biosynthetic gene clusters for these polyketides were identified. The putative gene clusters contain all the polyketide synthase (PKS) domains necessary for assembly of the carbon skeletons. Combined with the 13C-labeling results, gene function prediction enabled us to propose biosynthetic pathways involving unusual carbon-carbon bond formation reactions. Genome analysis also indicated the presence of at least ten orphan type I PKS gene clusters that might be responsible for the production of new polyketides.	1
Title: Characterization of the gene cluster CYP264B1-geoA from Sorangium cellulosum So ce56: biosynthesis of (+)-eremophilene and its hydroxylation Abstract: Terpenoids can be found in almost all forms of life; however, the biosynthesis of bacterial terpenoids has not been intensively studied. This study reports the identification and functional characterization of the gene cluster CYP264B1-geoA from Sorangium cellulosum So ce56. Expression of the enzymes and synthesis of their products for NMR analysis and X-ray diffraction were carried out by employing an Escherichia coli whole-cell conversion system that provides the geoA substrate farnesyl pyrophosphate through simultaneous overexpression of the mevalonate pathway genes. The geoA product was identified as a novel sesquiterpene, and assigned NMR signals unambiguously proved that geoA is an (+)-eremophilene synthase. The very tight binding of (+)-eremophilene (∼0.40 μM), which is also available in S. cellulosum So ce56, and its oxidation by CYP264B1 suggest that the CYP264B1-geoA gene cluster is required for the biosynthesis of (+)-eremophilene derivatives.	1
Title: Multiplexed metagenome mining using short DNA sequence tags facilitates targeted discovery of epoxyketone proteasome inhibitors Abstract: In molecular evolutionary analyses, short DNA sequences are used to infer phylogenetic relationships among species. Here we apply this principle to the study of bacterial biosynthesis, enabling the targeted isolation of previously unidentified natural products directly from complex metagenomes. Our approach uses short natural product sequence tags derived from conserved biosynthetic motifs to profile biosynthetic diversity in the environment and then guide the recovery of gene clusters from metagenomic libraries. The methodology is conceptually simple, requires only a small investment in sequencing, and is not computationally demanding. To demonstrate the power of this approach to natural product discovery we conducted a computational search for epoxyketone proteasome inhibitors within 185 globally distributed soil metagenomes. This led to the identification of 99 unique epoxyketone sequence tags, falling into 6 phylogenetically distinct clades. Complete gene clusters associated with nine unique tags were recovered from four saturating soil metagenomic libraries. Using heterologous expression methodologies, seven potent epoxyketone proteasome inhibitors (clarepoxcins A-E and landepoxcins A and B) were produced from these pathways, including compounds with different warhead structures and a naturally occurring halohydrin prodrug. This study provides a template for the targeted expansion of bacterially derived natural products using the global metagenome.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of versipelostatin: identification of an enzyme-catalyzed [4+2]-cycloaddition required for macrocyclization of spirotetronate-containing polyketides Abstract: Versipelostatin (VST) is an unusual 17-membered macrocyclic polyketide product that contains a spirotetronate skeleton. In this study, the entire VST biosynthetic gene cluster (vst) spanning 108 kb from Streptomyces versipellis 4083-SVS6 was identified by heterologous expression using a bacterial artificial chromosome vector. Here, we demonstrate that an enzyme, VstJ, catalyzes the stereoselective [4+2]-cycloaddition between the conjugated diene and the exocyclic olefin of a newly identified tetronate-containing intermediate to form the spirotetronate skeleton during VST biosynthesis.	1
Title: Elucidation of the concise biosynthetic pathway of the communesin indole alkaloids Abstract: The communesins are a prominent class of indole alkaloids isolated from Penicillium species. Owing to their daunting structural framework and potential as pharmaceuticals, communesins have inspired numerous synthetic studies. However, the genetic and biochemical basis of communesin biosynthesis has remained unexplored. Herein, we report the identification and characterization of the communesin (cns) biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium expansum. We confirmed that communesin is biosynthesized by the coupling of tryptamine and aurantioclavine, two building blocks derived from L-tryptophan. The postmodification steps were mapped by targeted-gene-deletion experiments and the structural elucidation of intermediates and new analogues. Our studies set the stage for the biochemical characterization of communesin biosynthesis. This knowledge will aid our understanding of how nature generates remarkable structural complexity from simple precursors.	1
Title: P450-Mediated Coupling of Indole Fragments To Forge Communesin and Unnatural Isomers Abstract: Dimeric indole alkaloids are structurally diverse natural products that have attracted significant attention from the synthetic and biosynthetic communities. Here, we describe the characterization of a P450 monooxygenase CnsC from Penicillium that catalyzes the heterodimeric coupling between two different indole moieties, tryptamine and aurantioclavine, to construct vicinal quaternary stereocenters and yield the heptacyclic communesin scaffold. We show, via biochemical characterization, substrate analogues, and computational methods that CnsC catalyzes the C3-C3' carbon-carbon bond formation and controls the regioselectivities of the pair of subsequent aminal bond formations to yield the communesin core. Use of ω-N-methyltryptamine and tryptophol in place of tryptamine led to the enzymatic synthesis of isocommunesin compounds, which have not been isolated to date.	1
Title: In vitro reconstitution of indolmycin biosynthesis reveals the molecular basis of oxazolinone assembly Abstract: The bacterial tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase inhibitor indolmycin features a unique oxazolinone heterocycle whose biogenetic origins have remained obscure for over 50 years. Here we identify and characterize the indolmycin biosynthetic pathway, using systematic in vivo gene inactivation, in vitro biochemical assays, and total enzymatic synthesis. Our work reveals that a phenylacetate-CoA ligase-like enzyme Ind3 catalyzes an unusual ATP-dependent condensation of indolmycenic acid and dehydroarginine, driving oxazolinone ring assembly. We find that Ind6, which also has chaperone-like properties, acts as a gatekeeper to direct the outcome of this reaction. With Ind6 present, the normal pathway ensues. Without Ind6, the pathway derails to an unusual shunt product. Our work reveals the complete pathway for indolmycin formation and sets the stage for using genetic and chemoenzymatic methods to generate indolmycin derivatives as potential therapeutic agents.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of a macrocyclic peptide containing an unprecedented lysine-to-tryptophan crosslink Abstract: Streptococcal bacteria use peptide signals as a means of intraspecies communication. These peptides can contain unusual post-translational modifications, providing opportunities for expanding our understanding of nature's chemical and biosynthetic repertoires. Here, we have combined tools from natural products discovery and mechanistic enzymology to elucidate the structure and biosynthesis of streptide, a streptococcal macrocyclic peptide. We show that streptide bears an unprecedented post-translational modification involving a covalent linkage between two unactivated carbons within the side chains of lysine and tryptophan. The biosynthesis of streptide was addressed by genetic and biochemical studies. The former implicated a new SPASM-domain-containing radical SAM enzyme StrB, while the latter revealed that StrB contains two [4Fe-4S] clusters and installs the unusual lysine-to-tryptophan crosslink in a single step. By intramolecularly stitching together the side chains of lysine and tryptophan, StrB provides a new route for biosynthesizing macrocyclic peptides.	1
Title: Pseudomycoicidin, a Class II Lantibiotic from Bacillus pseudomycoides Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized antimicrobial peptides with substantial posttranslational modifications. They are characterized by the unique amino acids lanthionine and methyllanthionine, which are introduced by dehydration of Ser/Thr residues and linkage of the resulting dehydrated amino acids with Cys residues. BLAST searches using the mersacidin biosynthetic enzyme (MrsM) in the NCBI database revealed a new class II lantibiotic gene cluster in Bacillus pseudomycoides DSM 12442. Production of an antimicrobial substance with activity against Gram-positive bacteria was detectable in a cell wash extract of this strain. The substance was partially purified, and mass spectrometric analysis predicted a peptide of 2,786 Da in the active fraction. In order to characterize the putative lantibiotic further, heterologous expression of the predicted biosynthetic genes was performed in Escherichia coli. Coexpression of the prepeptide (PseA) along with the corresponding modification enzyme (PseM) resulted in the production of a modified peptide with the corresponding mass, carrying four out of eight possible dehydrations and supporting the presence of four thioether and one disulfide bridge. After the proteolytic removal of the leader, the core peptide exhibited antimicrobial activity. In conclusion, pseudomycoicidin is a novel lantibiotic with antimicrobial activity that was heterologously produced in E. coli.	1
Title: Isolation and structure determination of new siderophore albachelin from Amycolatopsis alba Abstract: A new siderophore named albachelin was isolated from iron deficient culture of Amycolatopsis alba. The planar structure of albachelin was elucidated by the combination of ESI-MS/MS experiment and NMR spectroscopic analyses of the gallium (III) complex. The structure of albachelin was determined to be a linear peptide consisting of 6 mol of amino acids including 3 mol of serine, one mol each of N-α-acethyl-N-δ-hydroxy-N-δ-formylornithine, N-α-methyl-N-δ-hydroxyornithine, and cyclic N-hydroxyornithine. The stereochemistries of amino acids constituting albachelin were analyzed by applying modified Marfey method to the hydrolysate of albachelin. Based on bioinformatics, we deduced and discussed the possible biosynthetic gene cluster involved in albachelin biosynthesis from the genome sequence of A. alba. By prediction of substrates for adenylation domains, a non-ribosomal peptide biosynthetase gene (AMYAL_RS0130210) was proposed to be the main biosynthetic gene for albachelin biosynthesis. The related genes including transporter for siderophore were found near the NRPS gene as a gene cluster.	1
Title: Nannocystin A: an Elongation Factor 1 Inhibitor from Myxobacteria with Differential Anti-Cancer Properties Abstract: Cultivation of myxobacteria of the Nannocystis genus led to the isolation and structure elucidation of a class of novel cyclic lactone inhibitors of elongation factor 1. Whole genome sequence analysis and annotation enabled identification of the putative biosynthetic cluster and synthesis process. In biological assays the compounds displayed anti-fungal and cytotoxic activity. Combined genetic and proteomic approaches identified the eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1α (EF-1α) as the primary target for this compound class. Nannocystin A (1) displayed differential activity across various cancer cell lines and EEF1A1 expression levels appear to be the main differentiating factor. Biochemical and genetic evidence support an overlapping binding site of 1 with the anti-cancer compound didemnin B on EF-1α. This myxobacterial chemotype thus offers an interesting starting point for further investigations of the potential of therapeutics targeting elongation factor 1.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Streptomyces sp. Tü 6176: Characterization of the Nataxazole Biosynthesis Pathway Abstract: Streptomyces sp. Tü 6176 produces the cytotoxic benzoxazole nataxazole. Bioinformatic analysis of the genome of this organism predicts the presence of 38 putative secondary-metabolite biosynthesis gene clusters, including those involved in the biosynthesis of AJI9561 and its derivative nataxazole, the antibiotic hygromycin B, and ionophores enterobactin and coelibactin. The nataxazole biosynthesis gene cluster was identified and characterized: it lacks the O-methyltransferase gene required to convert AJI9561 into nataxazole. This O-methyltransferase activity might act as a resistance mechanism, as AJI9561 shows antibiotic activity whereas nataxazole is inactive. Moreover, heterologous expression of the nataxazole biosynthesis gene cluster in S. lividans JT46 resulted in the production of AJI9561. Nataxazole biosynthesis requires the shikimate pathway to generate 3-hydroxyanthranilate and an iterative type I PKS to generate 6-methylsalicylate. Production of nataxazole was improved up to fourfold by disrupting one regulatory gene in the cluster. An additional benzoxazole, 5-hydroxynataxazole is produced by Streptomyces sp. Tü 6176. 5-Hydroxynataxazole derives from nataxazole by the activity of an as yet unidentified oxygenase; this implies cross-talk between the nataxazole biosynthesis pathway and an unknown pathway.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the anti-infective marformycins featuring pre-NRPS assembly line N-formylation and O-methylation and post-assembly line C-hydroxylation chemistries Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster governing production of anti-infective marformycins was identified from deep sea-derived Streptomyces drozdowiczii SCSIO 10141. The putative mfn gene cluster (45 kb, 20 orfs) was found to encode six NRPSs and related proteins for cyclodepsipeptide core construction (mfnCDEFKL), a methionyl-tRNA formyltransferase (mfnA), a SAM-dependent methyltransferase (mfnG), and a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase for piperazic acid moiety hydroxylation (mfnN); notably, only MfnN uses an intact cyclodepsipeptide intermediate as its substrate.	1
Title: Iterative Mechanism of Macrodiolide Formation in the Anticancer Compound Conglobatin Abstract: Conglobatin is an unusual C2-symmetrical macrodiolide from the bacterium Streptomyces conglobatus with promising antitumor activity. Insights into the genes and enzymes that govern both the assembly-line production of the conglobatin polyketide and its dimerization are essential to allow rational alterations to be made to the conglobatin structure. We have used a rapid, direct in vitro cloning method to obtain the entire cluster on a 41-kbp fragment, encoding a modular polyketide synthase assembly line. The cloned cluster directs conglobatin biosynthesis in a heterologous host strain. Using a model substrate to mimic the conglobatin monomer, we also show that the conglobatin cyclase/thioesterase acts iteratively, ligating two monomers head-to-tail then re-binding the dimer product and cyclizing it. Incubation of two different monomers with the cyclase produces hybrid dimers and trimers, providing the first evidence that conglobatin analogs may in future become accessible through engineering of the polyketide synthase.	1
Title: Uncovering the formation and selection of benzylmalonyl-CoA from the biosynthesis of splenocin and enterocin reveals a versatile way to introduce amino acids into polyketide carbon scaffolds Abstract: Selective modification of carbon scaffolds via biosynthetic engineering is important for polyketide structural diversification. Yet, this scope is currently restricted to simple aliphatic groups due to (1) limited variety of CoA-linked extender units, which lack aromatic structures and chemical reactivity, and (2) narrow acyltransferase (AT) specificity, which is limited to aliphatic CoA-linked extender units. In this report, we uncovered and characterized the first aromatic CoA-linked extender unit benzylmalonyl-CoA from the biosynthetic pathways of splenocin and enterocin in Streptomyces sp. CNQ431. Its synthesis employs a deamination/reductive carboxylation strategy to convert phenylalanine into benzylmalonyl-CoA, providing a link between amino acid and CoA-linked extender unit synthesis. By characterization of its selection, we further validated that AT domains of splenocin, and antimycin polyketide synthases are able to select this extender unit to introduce the phenyl group into their dilactone scaffolds. The biosynthetic machinery involved in the formation of this extender unit is highly versatile and can be potentially tailored for tyrosine, histidine and aspartic acid. The disclosed aromatic extender unit, amino acid-oriented synthetic pathway, and aromatic-selective AT domains provides a systematic breakthrough toward current knowledge of polyketide extender unit formation and selection, and also opens a route for further engineering of polyketide carbon scaffolds using amino acids.	1
Title: PreQ0 base, an unusual metabolite with anti-cancer activity from Streptomyces qinglanensis 172205 Abstract: PreQ0 base (7-cyano-7-deazaguanine, compound 1) is the biosynthetic precursor of queuosine-tRNA and important synthetic intermediate for bioactive compounds. It was obtained for the first time as a new natural product from a mangrove actinomycete Streptomyces qinglanensis 172205, during the course of searching for anti-cancer compounds from marine microbes. PreQ0 base showed anti-HeLa (IC50 = 62.0 μg/ml) and anti-HepG2 (IC50 = 80.6 μg/ml) activities, higher cytotoxicity than the positive control, fluorouracil. Furthermore, it exhibited weak α -glucosidase inhibitory activity, but no obvious antimicrobial and Aβ1-42 fibrillation inhibitory activities. In silico analysis of the genome of the strain 172205 revealed a putative biosynthetic gene cluster directing the biosynthesis of PreQ0 base. The gene cluster only contained three Open Reading Frames (ORFs), queC, queD and queE. The absence of the key gene queF encoding 7-cyano-7-deazaguanine reductase catalyzing PreQ0 base to PreQ1 base suggested that the strain only has the capacity of accumulation of PreQ0 base as a metabolite, consistent with our observation in chemical identification.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of fumosorinone, a new protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibitor firstly isolated from the entomogenous fungus Isaria fumosorosea Abstract: Fumosorinone, isolated from the entomogenous fungus Isaria fumosorosea, is a new 2-pyridone alkaloid which is elucidated by HRESIMS 1D and 2DNMR. Fumosorinone is structurally similar to tenellin and desmethylbassianin but it differs in chain length and degree of methylation. It is characterized by a classic noncompetitive inhibitor of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (IC50 14.04μM) which was implicated as a negative regulator of insulin receptor signaling and a potential drug target for the treatment of type II diabetes and other associated metabolic syndromes. For further study, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster of fumosorinone from ongoing genome sequencing project, and it was verified by a direct knock-out strategy, reported for the first time in I. fumosorosea, using the Agrobacterium-mediated transformation in conjunction with linear deletion cassettes. The biosynthetic gene cluster includes a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene, two cytochrome P450 enzyme genes, a trans-enoyl reductase gene, and other two transcription regulatory genes. Comparison of fumosorinone biosynthetic cluster with known gene clusters gives further insight into biosynthesis of pyridone alkaloids and provides the foundation for combinatorial biosynthesis for new fumosorinone derivatives.	1
Title: New insights into the echinocandins and other fungal non-ribosomal peptides and peptaibiotics Abstract: Non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) are a primary modality for fungal peptidic natural product assembly and are responsible for some of the best known, most useful, and most destructive fungal metabolites. Through genome sequencing and computer-assisted recognition of modular motifs of catalytic domains, one can now confidently identify most NRPS biosynthetic genes of a fungal strain. The biosynthetic gene clusters responsible for two of the most important classes of NRP fungal derived drugs, cyclosporine and the echinocandins, have been recently characterized by genomic sequencing and annotation. Complete biosynthetic gene clusters for the pneumocandins and echinocandins have been mapped at the genetic level and functionally characterized to some extent. Genomic sequencing of representative strains of most of the variants in the echinocandin family, including the wild-type of the three fungal strains employed for industrial-scale production of caspofungin, micafungin and anidulofungin, has enabled characterization of the basic architecture of the echinocandin NRPS pathways. A comparative analysis of how pathway genes cause variations in lipoinitiation, biosynthesis of the non-proteinogenic amino acids, amino acid substitutions, and hydroxylations and sulfonations of the core peptide and contribute to the molecular diversity of the family is presented. We also review new information on the natural functions of NRPs, the differences between fungal and bacterial NRPSs, and functional characterization of selected NRPS gene clusters. Continuing discovery of the new fungal nonribosomal peptides has contributed new structural diversity and potential insights into their biological functions among other natural peptides and peptaibiotics. We therefore provide an update on new peptides, depsipeptides and peptaibols discovered in the Fungi since 2009.	1
Title: Biochemical and genetic characterization of fungal proline hydroxylase in echinocandin biosynthesis Abstract: An intriguing structural feature of echinocandins is the incorporation of hydroxylated amino acids. Elucidation of the machinery and the mechanism responsible for this modification is critical to generate new echinocandin derivatives with enhanced antifungal activity. In our present study, we biochemically characterized the α-ketoglutarate/Fe2+-dependent proline hydroxylase (HtyE) from two Aspergillus species, Aspergillus pachycristatus and Aspergillus aculeatus, in the respective echinocandin B and aculeacin A biosynthetic gene clusters. Our results showed that both Ap- and Aa-HtyE converted L-proline to trans-4- and trans-3-hydroxyproline, but at different ratios. Both enzymes also effectively hydroxylated C-3 of 4R-methyl-proline, L-pipecolic acid, and D-proline. Our homology modeling and site-directed mutagenesis studies identified Leu182 of Ap-HtyE as a key residue in determining the regioselectivity of Ap-HtyE. Notably, we found that the efficiency in C-3 hydroxylation of 4R-methyl-proline has no direct correlation with the ratio of trans-4-hydroxylproline to trans-3-hydroxylproline catalyzed by HtyE. Deletion of Ap-htyE abolished A. pachycristatus anti-Candida activity and the production of echinocandin B, demonstrating that HtyE is the enzyme responsible for the hydroxylation of L-proline and 4R-methyl-proline in vivo and is essential for the anti-Candida activity of echinocandin B. Our present study thus sheds light on the biochemical basis for the selective hydroxylation of L-proline and 4R-methyl-proline and reveals a new type of biocatalyst with potential for the custom production of hydroxylated proline and pipecolic acid derivatives.	1
Title: A membrane-bound prenyltransferase catalyzes the O-prenylation of 1,6-dihydroxyphenazine in the marine bacterium Streptomyces sp. CNQ-509 Abstract: Streptomyces sp. CNQ-509 produces the rare O-prenylated phenazines marinophenazines A and B. To identify the enzyme catalyzing the O-prenyl transfer in marinophenazine biosynthesis, we sequenced the genome of S. sp. CNQ-509. This led to the identification of two genomic loci harboring putative phenazine biosynthesis genes. The first locus contains orthologues for all seven genes involved in phenazine-1-carboxylic acid biosynthesis in pseudomonads. The second locus contains two known phenazine biosynthesis genes and a putative prenyltransferase gene termed cnqPT1. cnqPT1 codes for a membrane protein with sequence similarity to the prenyltransferase UbiA of ubiquinone biosynthesis. The enzyme CnqPT1 was identified as a 1,6-dihydroxyphenazine geranyltransferase, which catalyzes the C-O bond formation between C-1 of the geranyl moiety and O-6 of the phenazine scaffold. CnqPT1 is the first example of a prenyltransferase catalyzing O-prenyl transfer to a phenazine.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Streptomyces sp. CNQ-509, a prolific producer of meroterpenoid chemistry Abstract: Streptomyces sp. CNQ-509 is a marine actinomycete belonging to the MAR4 streptomycete lineage. MAR4 strains have been linked to the production of diverse and otherwise rare meroterpenoid compounds. The genome sequence of Streptomyces sp. CNQ-509 was found to contain 29 putative gene clusters for the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites, some of them potentially involved in the formation of meroterpenoid molecules.	1
Title: Solution structure of acidocin B, a circular bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus acidophilus M46 Abstract: Acidocin B, a bacteriocin produced by Lactobacillus acidophilus M46, was originally reported to be a linear peptide composed of 59 amino acid residues. However, its high sequence similarity to gassericin A, a circular bacteriocin from Lactobacillus gasseri LA39, suggested that acidocin B might be circular as well. Acidocin B was purified from culture supernatant by a series of hydrophobic interaction chromatographic steps. Its circular nature was ascertained by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometry and tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) sequencing. The peptide sequence was found to consist of 58 amino acids with a molecular mass of 5,621.5 Da. The sequence of the acidocin B biosynthetic gene cluster was also determined and showed high nucleotide sequence similarity to that of gassericin A. The nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) solution structure of acidocin B in sodium dodecyl sulfate micelles was elucidated, revealing that it is composed of four α-helices of similar length that are folded to form a compact, globular bundle with a central pore. This is a three-dimensional structure for a member of subgroup II circular bacteriocins, which are classified based on their isoelectric points of ∼7 or lower. Comparison of acidocin B with carnocyclin A, a subgroup I circular bacteriocin with four α-helices and a pI of 10, revealed differences in the overall folding. The observed variations could be attributed to inherent diversity in their physical properties, which also required the use of different solvent systems for three-dimensional structural elucidation.	1
Title: Targeted metagenomics: finding rare tryptophan dimer natural products in the environment Abstract: Natural product discovery from environmental genomes (metagenomics) has largely been limited to the screening of existing environmental DNA (eDNA) libraries. Here, we have coupled a chemical-biogeographic survey of chromopyrrolic acid synthase (CPAS) gene diversity with targeted eDNA library production to more efficiently access rare tryptophan dimer (TD) biosynthetic gene clusters. A combination of traditional and synthetic biology-based heterologous expression efforts using eDNA-derived gene clusters led to the production of hydroxysporine (1) and reductasporine (2), two bioactive TDs. As suggested by our phylogenetic analysis of CPAS genes, identified in our survey of crude eDNA extracts, reductasporine (2) contains an unprecedented TD core structure: a pyrrolinium indolocarbazole core that is likely key to its unusual bioactivity profile. This work demonstrates the potential for the discovery of structurally rare and biologically interesting natural products using targeted metagenomics, where environmental samples are prescreened to identify the most phylogenetically unique gene sequences and molecules associated with these genes are accessed through targeted metagenomic library construction and heterologous expression.	1
Title: Lincosamide synthetase--a unique condensation system combining elements of nonribosomal peptide synthetase and mycothiol metabolism Abstract: In the biosynthesis of lincosamide antibiotics lincomycin and celesticetin, the amino acid and amino sugar units are linked by an amide bond. The respective condensing enzyme lincosamide synthetase (LS) is expected to be an unusual system combining nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) components with so far unknown amino sugar related activities. The biosynthetic gene cluster of celesticetin was sequenced and compared to the lincomycin one revealing putative LS coding ORFs shared in both clusters. Based on a bioassay and production profiles of S. lincolnensis strains with individually deleted putative LS coding genes, the proteins LmbC, D, E, F and V were assigned to LS function. Moreover, the newly recognized N-terminal domain of LmbN (LmbN-CP) was also assigned to LS as a NRPS carrier protein (CP). Surprisingly, the homologous CP coding sequence in celesticetin cluster is part of ccbZ gene adjacent to ccbN, the counterpart of lmbN, suggesting the gene rearrangement, evident also from still active internal translation start in lmbN, and indicating the direction of lincosamide biosynthesis evolution. The in vitro test with LmbN-CP, LmbC and the newly identified S. lincolnensis phosphopantetheinyl transferase Slp, confirmed the cooperation of the previously characterized NRPS A-domain LmbC with a holo-LmbN-CP in activation of a 4-propyl-L-proline precursor of lincomycin. This result completed the functional characterization of LS subunits resembling NRPS initiation module. Two of the four remaining putative LS subunits, LmbE/CcbE and LmbV/CcbV, exhibit low but significant homology to enzymes from the metabolism of mycothiol, the NRPS-independent system processing the amino sugar and amino acid units. The functions of particular LS subunits as well as cooperation of both NRPS-based and NRPS-independent LS blocks are discussed. The described condensing enzyme represents a unique hybrid system with overall composition quite dissimilar to any other known enzyme system.	1
Title: Streptocollin, a Type IV Lanthipeptide Produced by Streptomyces collinus Tü 365 Abstract: Lanthipeptides are ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified microbial secondary metabolites. Here, we report the identification and isolation of streptocollin from Streptomyces collinus Tü 365, a new member of class IV lanthipeptides. Insertion of the constitutive ermE* promoter upstream of the lanthipeptide synthetase gene stcL resulted in peptide production. The streptocollin gene cluster was heterologously expressed in S. coelicolor M1146 and M1152 with 3.5- and 5.5-fold increased yields, respectively. The structure and ring topology of streptocollin were determined by high resolution MS/MS analysis. Streptocollin contains four macrocyclic rings, with one lanthionine and three methyllanthionine residues. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on the isolation of a class IV lanthipeptide in preparative amounts, and on the successful heterologous expression of a class IV lanthipeptide gene cluster.	1
Title: Identification and activation of novel biosynthetic gene clusters by genome mining in the kirromycin producer Streptomyces collinus Tü 365 Abstract: Streptomycetes are prolific sources of novel biologically active secondary metabolites with pharmaceutical potential. S. collinus Tü 365 is a Streptomyces strain, isolated 1972 from Kouroussa (Guinea). It is best known as producer of the antibiotic kirromycin, an inhibitor of the protein biosynthesis interacting with elongation factor EF-Tu. Genome Mining revealed 32 gene clusters encoding the biosynthesis of diverse secondary metabolites in the genome of Streptomyces collinus Tü 365, indicating an enormous biosynthetic potential of this strain. The structural diversity of secondary metabolisms predicted for S. collinus Tü 365 includes PKS, NRPS, PKS-NRPS hybrids, a lanthipeptide, terpenes and siderophores. While some of these gene clusters were found to contain genes related to known secondary metabolites, which also could be detected in HPLC-MS analyses, most of the uncharacterized gene clusters are not expressed under standard laboratory conditions. With this study we aimed to characterize the genome information of S. collinus Tü 365 to make use of gene clusters, which previously have not been described for this strain. We were able to connect the gene clusters of a lanthipeptide, a carotenoid, five terpenoid compounds, an ectoine, a siderophore and a spore pigment-associated gene cluster to their respective biosynthesis products.	1
Title: Novel LanT associated lantibiotic clusters identified by genome database mining Abstract: Background:                       Frequent use of antibiotics has led to the emergence of antibiotic resistance in bacteria. Lantibiotic compounds are ribosomally synthesized antimicrobial peptides against which bacteria are not able to produce resistance, hence making them a good alternative to antibiotics. Nisin is the oldest and the most widely used lantibiotic, in food preservation, without having developed any significant resistance against it. Having their antimicrobial potential and a limited number, there is a need to identify novel lantibiotics.                  Methodology/findings:                       Identification of novel lantibiotic biosynthetic clusters from an ever increasing database of bacterial genomes, can provide a major lead in this direction. In order to achieve this, a strategy was adopted to identify novel lantibiotic biosynthetic clusters by screening the sequenced genomes for LanT homolog, which is a conserved lantibiotic transporter specific to type IB clusters. This strategy resulted in identification of 54 bacterial strains containing the LanT homologs, which are not the known lantibiotic producers. Of these, 24 strains were subjected to a detailed bioinformatic analysis to identify genes encoding for precursor peptides, modification enzyme, immunity and quorum sensing proteins. Eight clusters having two LanM determinants, similar to haloduracin and lichenicidin were identified, along with 13 clusters having a single LanM determinant as in mersacidin biosynthetic cluster. Besides these, orphan LanT homologs were also identified which might be associated with novel bacteriocins, encoded somewhere else in the genome. Three identified gene clusters had a C39 domain containing LanT transporter, associated with the LanBC proteins and double glycine type precursor peptides, the only known example of such a cluster is that of salivaricin.                  Conclusion:                       This study led to the identification of 8 novel putative two-component lantibiotic clusters along with 13 having a single LanM and 3 with LanBC genes. Putative lantibiotic clusters identified here hold the potential for the discovery of novel lantibiotic(s).	1
Title: A Peptidyl-Transesterifying Type I Thioesterase in Salinamide Biosynthesis Abstract: Salinamide A belongs to a rare class of bicyclic depsipeptide antibiotics in which the installation of a (4-methylhexa-2,4-dienoyl)glycine handle across a hexadepsipeptide core contributes to its chemical complexity and biological properties. Herein, we report the genetic and biochemical basis for salinamide construction in the marine bacterium Streptomyces sp. CNB-091, which involves a novel intermolecular transesterification reaction catalyzed by a type I thioesterase. Heterologous expression studies revealed the central role of the nonribosomal peptide synthetase Sln9 in constructing and installing the distinctive acylglycine "basket handle" of salinamide. Biochemical characterization of the Sln9 thioesterase domain established that transesterification of the serine residue of desmethylsalinamide E with acylated glycyl thioesters yields desmethylsalinamide C.	1
Title: Pedein A and B: production, isolation, structure elucidation and biological properties of new antifungal cyclopeptides from Chondromyces pediculatus (Myxobacteria) Abstract: Two new secondary metabolites, named pedein A and B, were isolated from the cell mass of the myxobacterium Chondromyces pediculatus. Their planar structures were elucidated by spectroscopic methods, in particular 2D NMR as 24-membered cyclic hexapeptides composed of a variable tryptophan residue, glycine, sarcosine and three unusual hydroxy beta- and gamma-amino acids. The main component, pedein A, strongly inhibited the growth of yeasts and fungi, induced hemolysis of erythrocytes, and caused changes in membrane permeability of Rhodotorula glutinis. The structures of the pedeins are closely related to the large family of the microsclerodermins, which have been isolated from lithistid sponges of Microscleroderma and Theonella species.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Peptide Antibiotic Feglymycin by a Linear Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Mechanism Abstract: Feglymycin, a peptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces sp. DSM 11171, consists mostly of nonproteinogenic phenylglycine-type amino acids. It possesses antibacterial activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains and antiviral activity against HIV. Inhibition of the early steps of bacterial peptidoglycan synthesis indicated a mode of action different from those of other peptide antibiotics. Here we describe the identification and assignment of the feglymycin (feg) biosynthesis gene cluster, which codes for a 13-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) system. Inactivation of an NRPS gene and supplementation of a hydroxymandelate oxidase mutant with the amino acid l-Hpg proved the identity of the feg cluster. Feeding of Hpg-related unnatural amino acids was not successful. This characterization of the feg cluster is an important step to understanding the biosynthesis of this potent antibacterial peptide.	1
Title: Isolation, Structure Elucidation, Biosynthesis, and Synthesis of Antalid, a Secondary Metabolite from Polyangium species Abstract: The isolation, structure elucidation, and synthesis of antalid (1), a novel secondary metabolite from Polyangium sp., is described herein. The structure elucidation of 1 was performed with the aid of mass spectrometry, high field NMR experiments, and crystal structure analysis. The absolute configuration of antalid was confirmed through the Mosher ester method and ultimately by total synthesis. In addition, the biosynthetic origin of this hybrid PKS-NRPS natural product was unraveled by the in silico analysis of its biosynthetic gene cluster.	1
Title: Identification of Thiotetronic Acid Antibiotic Biosynthetic Pathways by Target-directed Genome Mining Abstract: Recent genome sequencing efforts have led to the rapid accumulation of uncharacterized or "orphaned" secondary metabolic biosynthesis gene clusters (BGCs) in public databases. This increase in DNA-sequenced big data has given rise to significant challenges in the applied field of natural product genome mining, including (i) how to prioritize the characterization of orphan BGCs and (ii) how to rapidly connect genes to biosynthesized small molecules. Here, we show that by correlating putative antibiotic resistance genes that encode target-modified proteins with orphan BGCs, we predict the biological function of pathway specific small molecules before they have been revealed in a process we call target-directed genome mining. By querying the pan-genome of 86 Salinispora bacterial genomes for duplicated house-keeping genes colocalized with natural product BGCs, we prioritized an orphan polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase hybrid BGC (tlm) with a putative fatty acid synthase resistance gene. We employed a new synthetic double-stranded DNA-mediated cloning strategy based on transformation-associated recombination to efficiently capture tlm and the related ttm BGCs directly from genomic DNA and to heterologously express them in Streptomyces hosts. We show the production of a group of unusual thiotetronic acid natural products, including the well-known fatty acid synthase inhibitor thiolactomycin that was first described over 30 years ago, yet never at the genetic level in regards to biosynthesis and autoresistance. This finding not only validates the target-directed genome mining strategy for the discovery of antibiotic producing gene clusters without a priori knowledge of the molecule synthesized but also paves the way for the investigation of novel enzymology involved in thiotetronic acid natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Minimization of the Thiolactomycin Biosynthetic Pathway Reveals that the Cytochrome P450 Enzyme TlmF Is Required for Five-Membered Thiolactone Ring Formation Abstract: Thiolactomycin (TLM) belongs to a class of rare and unique thiotetronate antibiotics that inhibit bacterial fatty acid synthesis. Although this group of natural product antibiotics was first discovered over 30 years ago, the study of TLM biosynthesis remains in its infancy. We recently discovered the biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) for TLM from the marine bacterium Salinispora pacifica CNS-863. Here, we report the investigation of TLM biosynthetic logic through mutagenesis and comparative metabolic analyses. Our results revealed that only four genes (tlmF, tlmG, tlmH, and tlmI) are required for the construction of the characteristic γ-thiolactone skeleton of this class of antibiotics. We further showed that the cytochrome P450 TlmF does not directly participate in sulfur insertion and C-S bond formation chemistry but rather in the construction of the five-membered thiolactone ring as, upon its deletion, we observed the alternative production of the six-membered δ-thiolactomycin. Our findings pave the way for future biochemical investigation of the biosynthesis of this structurally unique group of thiotetronic acid natural products.	1
Title: Characterization of the Aspergillus nidulans biotin biosynthetic gene cluster and use of the bioDA gene as a new transformation marker Abstract: The genes involved in the biosynthesis of biotin were identified in the hyphal fungus Aspergillus nidulans through homology searches and complementation of Escherichia coli biotin-auxotrophic mutants. Whereas the 7,8-diaminopelargonic acid synthase and dethiobiotin synthetase are encoded by distinct genes in bacteria and the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, both activities are performed in A. nidulans by a single enzyme, encoded by the bifunctional gene bioDA. Such a bifunctional bioDA gene is a genetic feature common to numerous members of the ascomycete filamentous fungi and basidiomycetes, as well as in plants and oömycota. However, unlike in other eukaryota, the three bio genes contributing to the four enzymatic steps from pimeloyl-CoA to biotin are organized in a gene cluster in pezizomycotina. The A. nidulans auxotrophic mutants biA1, biA2 and biA3 were all found to have mutations in the 7,8-diaminopelargonic acid synthase domain of the bioDA gene. Although biotin auxotrophy is an inconvenient marker in classical genetic manipulations due to cross-feeding of biotin, transformation of the biA1 mutant with the bioDA gene from either A. nidulans or Aspergillus fumigatus led to the recovery of well-defined biotin-prototrophic colonies. The usefulness of bioDA gene as a novel and robust transformation marker was demonstrated in co-transformation experiments with a green fluorescent protein reporter, and in the efficient deletion of the laccase (yA) gene via homologous recombination in a mutant lacking non-homologous end-joining activity.	1
Title: Agrobacterium-mediated disruption of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene in the invertebrate pathogen Metarhizium anisopliae reveals a peptide spore factor Abstract: Numerous secondary metabolites have been isolated from the insect pathogenic fungus Metarhizium anisopliae, but the roles of these compounds as virulence factors in disease development are poorly understood. We targeted for disruption by Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation a putative nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NPS) gene, MaNPS1. Four of six gene disruption mutants identified were examined further. Chemical analyses showed the presence of serinocyclins, cyclic heptapeptides, in the extracts of conidia of control strains, whereas the compounds were undetectable in DeltaManps1 mutants treated identically or in other developmental stages, suggesting that MaNPS1 encodes a serinocyclin synthetase. Production of the cyclic depsipeptide destruxins, M. anisopliae metabolites also predicted to be synthesized by an NPS, was similar in DeltaManps1 mutant and control strains, indicating that MaNPS1 does not contribute to destruxin biosynthesis. Surprisingly, a MaNPS1 fragment detected DNA polymorphisms that correlated with relative destruxin levels produced in vitro, and MaNPS1 was expressed concurrently with in vitro destruxin production. DeltaManps1 mutants exhibited in vitro development and responses to external stresses comparable to control strains. No detectable differences in pathogenicity of the DeltaManps1 mutants were observed in bioassays against beet armyworm and Colorado potato beetle in comparison to control strains. This is the first report of targeted disruption of a secondary metabolite gene in M. anisopliae, which revealed a novel cyclic peptide spore factor.	1
Title: The ergot alkaloid gene cluster in Claviceps purpurea: extension of the cluster sequence and intra species evolution Abstract: The genomic region of Claviceps purpurea strain P1 containing the ergot alkaloid gene cluster [Tudzynski, P., Hölter, K., Correia, T., Arntz, C., Grammel, N., Keller, U., 1999. Evidence for an ergot alkaloid gene cluster in Claviceps purpurea. Mol. Gen. Genet. 261, 133-141] was explored by chromosome walking, and additional genes probably involved in the ergot alkaloid biosynthesis have been identified. The putative cluster sequence (extending over 68.5kb) contains 4 different nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes and several putative oxidases. Northern analysis showed that most of the genes were co-regulated (repressed by high phosphate), and identified probable flanking genes by lack of co-regulation. Comparison of the cluster sequences of strain P1, an ergotamine producer, with that of strain ECC93, an ergocristine producer, showed high conservation of most of the cluster genes, but significant variation in the NRPS modules, strongly suggesting that evolution of these chemical races of C. purpurea is determined by evolution of NRPS module specificity.	1
Title: Comparison of ergot alkaloid biosynthesis gene clusters in Claviceps species indicates loss of late pathway steps in evolution of C. fusiformis Abstract: The grass parasites Claviceps purpurea and Claviceps fusiformis produce ergot alkaloids (EA) in planta and in submerged culture. Whereas EA synthesis (EAS) in C. purpurea proceeds via clavine intermediates to lysergic acid and the complex ergopeptines, C. fusiformis produces only agroclavine and elymoclavine. In C. purpurea the EAS gene (EAS) cluster includes dmaW (encoding the first pathway step), cloA (elymoclavine oxidation to lysergic acid), and the lpsA/lpsB genes (ergopeptine formation). We analyzed the corresponding C. fusiformis EAS cluster to investigate the evolutionary basis for chemotypic differences between the Claviceps species. Other than three peptide synthetase genes (lpsC and the tandem paralogues lpsA1 and lpsA2), homologues of all C. purpurea EAS genes were identified in C. fusiformis, including homologues of lpsB and cloA, which in C. purpurea encode enzymes for steps after clavine synthesis. Rearrangement of the cluster was evident around lpsB, which is truncated in C. fusiformis. This and several frameshift mutations render CflpsB a pseudogene (CflpsB(Psi)). No obvious inactivating mutation was identified in CfcloA. All C. fusiformis EAS genes, including CflpsB(Psi) and CfcloA, were expressed in culture. Cross-complementation analyses demonstrated that CfcloA and CflpsB(Psi) were expressed in C. purpurea but did not encode functional enzymes. In contrast, CpcloA catalyzed lysergic acid biosynthesis in C. fusiformis, indicating that C. fusiformis terminates its EAS pathway at elymoclavine because the cloA gene product is inactive. We propose that the C. fusiformis EAS cluster evolved from a more complete cluster by loss of some lps genes and by rearrangements and mutations inactivating lpsB and cloA.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of fusarubins accounts for pigmentation of Fusarium fujikuroi perithecia Abstract: Fusarium fujikuroi produces a variety of secondary metabolites, of which polyketides form the most diverse group. Among these are the highly pigmented naphthoquinones, which have been shown to possess different functional properties for the fungus. A group of naphthoquinones, polyketides related to fusarubin, were identified in Fusarium spp. more than 60 years ago, but neither the genes responsible for their formation nor their biological function has been discovered to date. In addition, although it is known that the sexual fruiting bodies in which the progeny of the fungus develops are darkly colored by a polyketide synthase (PKS)-derived pigment, the structure of this pigment has never been elucidated. Here we present data that link the fusarubin-type polyketides to a defined gene cluster, which we designate fsr, and demonstrate that the fusarubins are the pigments responsible for the coloration of the perithecia. We studied their regulation and the function of the single genes within the cluster by a combination of gene replacements and overexpression of the PKS-encoding gene, and we present a model for the biosynthetic pathway of the fusarubins based on these data.	1
Title: An in planta-expressed polyketide synthase produces (R)-mellein in the wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum Abstract: Parastagonospora nodorum is a pathogen of wheat that affects yields globally. Previous transcriptional analysis identified a partially reducing polyketide synthase (PR-PKS) gene, SNOG_00477 (SN477), in P. nodorum that is highly upregulated during infection of wheat leaves. Disruption of the corresponding SN477 gene resulted in the loss of production of two compounds, which we identified as (R)-mellein and (R)-O-methylmellein. Using a Saccharomyces cerevisiae yeast heterologous expression system, we successfully demonstrated that SN477 is the only enzyme required for the production of (R)-mellein. This is the first identification of a fungal PKS that is responsible for the synthesis of (R)-mellein. The P. nodorum ΔSN477 mutant did not show any significant difference from the wild-type strain in its virulence against wheat. However, (R)-mellein at 200 μg/ml inhibited the germination of wheat (Triticum aestivum) and barrel medic (Medicago truncatula) seeds. Comparative sequence analysis identified the presence of mellein synthase (MLNS) homologues in several Dothideomycetes and two sodariomycete genera. Phylogenetic analysis suggests that the MLNSs in fungi and bacteria evolved convergently from fungal and bacterial 6-methylsalicylic acid synthases.	1
Title: Insights into the biosynthesis of 12-membered resorcylic acid lactones from heterologous production in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: The phytotoxic fungal polyketides lasiodiplodin and resorcylide inhibit human blood coagulation factor XIIIa, mineralocorticoid receptors, and prostaglandin biosynthesis. These secondary metabolites belong to the 12-membered resorcylic acid lactone (RAL12) subclass of the benzenediol lactone (BDL) family. Identification of genomic loci for the biosynthesis of lasiodiplodin from Lasiodiplodia theobromae and resorcylide from Acremonium zeae revealed collaborating iterative polyketide synthase (iPKS) pairs whose efficient heterologous expression in Saccharomyces cerevisiae provided a convenient access to the RAL12 scaffolds desmethyl-lasiodiplodin and trans-resorcylide, respectively. Lasiodiplodin production was reconstituted in the heterologous host by co-expressing an O-methyltransferase also encoded in the lasiodiplodin cluster, while a glutathione-S-transferase was found not to be necessary for heterologous production. Clarification of the biogenesis of known resorcylide congeners in the heterologous host helped to disentangle the roles that biosynthetic irregularities and chemical interconversions play in generating chemical diversity. Observation of 14-membered RAL homologues during in vivo heterologous biosynthesis of RAL12 metabolites revealed "stuttering" by fungal iPKSs. The close global and domain-level sequence similarities of the orthologous BDL synthases across different structural subclasses implicate repeated horizontal gene transfers and/or cluster losses in different fungal lineages. The absence of straightforward correlations between enzyme sequences and product structural features (the size of the macrocycle, the conformation of the exocyclic methyl group, or the extent of reduction by the hrPKS) suggest that BDL structural variety is the result of a select few mutations in key active site cavity positions.	1
Title: Modified oxidosqualene cyclases in the formation of bioactive secondary metabolites: biosynthesis of the antitumor clavaric acid Abstract: Hypholoma sublateritium is a basidiomycete that produces the antitumor compound clavaric acid. We cloned a gene encoding an oxidosqualene cyclase (occ) that is involved in the conversion of oxidosqualene to clavaric acid. Mutants disrupted in occ by gene replacement were unable to synthesize clavaric acid, but did not require sterols for growth. Amplification of the occ gene produced a 35-67% increase in clavaric acid yield. Northern analysis of occ gene expression confirmed that there is a clear correlation of occ expression and clavaric acid biosynthesis. Analysis of the occ-encoded oxidosqualene cyclase revealed that it has VSDCVGE motif instead of the consensus VSDCTAE sequence of the active center. In summary, there is an oxidosqualene cyclase specific for secondary metabolite biosynthesis; this is in agreement with the finding of two squalene cyclases in the sequenced genomes of basidiomycetes.	1
Title: A squalene epoxidase is involved in biosynthesis of both the antitumor compound clavaric acid and sterols in the basidiomycete H. sublateritium Abstract: The basidiomycete Hypholoma sublateritium produces the triterpenoid antitumor clavaric acid, an inhibitor of the human Ras-farnesyl transferase. The H. sublateritium squalene epoxidase gene (erg1) has been cloned and shown to encode a flavoprotein monooxygenase that requires FAD, NADPH, and P450 cofactors. Silencing of the erg1 gene in H. sublateritium using constructions expressed from the gdh promoter of Agaricus bisporus showed that the squalene epoxidase is involved in clavaric acid formation and in ergosterol biosynthesis; silenced expression of erg1 resulted in an ergosterol-dependent phenotype for full growth. Overexpression of erg1 gene resulted in up to 32% to 97% increment of clavaric acid production confirming its involvement in the biosynthesis of this antitumor product. Oxidosqualene (or dioxidosqualene) appears to be the branching point for primary metabolism (sterols) and secondary metabolites in basidiomycetes.	1
Title: An extracellular siderophore is required to maintain the mutualistic interaction of Epichloë festucae with Lolium perenne Abstract: We have identified from the mutualistic grass endophyte Epichloë festucae a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase gene (sidN) encoding a siderophore synthetase. The enzymatic product of SidN is shown to be a novel extracellular siderophore designated as epichloënin A, related to ferrirubin from the ferrichrome family. Targeted gene disruption of sidN eliminated biosynthesis of epichloënin A in vitro and in planta. During iron-depleted axenic growth, ΔsidN mutants accumulated the pathway intermediate N(5)-trans-anhydromevalonyl-N(5)-hydroxyornithine (trans-AMHO), displayed sensitivity to oxidative stress and showed deficiencies in both polarized hyphal growth and sporulation. Infection of Lolium perenne (perennial ryegrass) with ΔsidN mutants resulted in perturbations of the endophyte-grass symbioses. Deviations from the characteristic tightly regulated synchronous growth of the fungus with its plant partner were observed and infected plants were stunted. Analysis of these plants by light and transmission electron microscopy revealed abnormalities in the distribution and localization of ΔsidN mutant hyphae as well as deformities in hyphal ultrastructure. We hypothesize that lack of epichloënin A alters iron homeostasis of the symbiotum, changing it from mutually beneficial to antagonistic. Iron itself or epichloënin A may serve as an important molecular/cellular signal for controlling fungal growth and hence the symbiotic interaction.	1
Title: A polyketide synthase gene, ACRTS2, is responsible for biosynthesis of host-selective ACR-toxin in the rough lemon pathotype of Alternaria alternata Abstract: The rough lemon pathotype of Alternaria alternata produces host-selective ACR-toxin and causes Alternaria leaf spot disease of rough lemon (Citrus jambhiri). The structure of ACR-toxin I (MW = 496) consists of a polyketide with an α-dihydropyrone ring in a 19-carbon polyalcohol. Genes responsible for toxin production were localized to a 1.5-Mb chromosome in the genome of the rough lemon pathotype. Sequence analysis of this chromosome revealed an 8,338-bp open reading frame, ACRTS2, that was present only in the genomes of ACR-toxin-producing isolates. ACRTS2 is predicted to encode a putative polyketide synthase of 2,513 amino acids and belongs to the fungal reducing type I polyketide synthases. Typical polyketide functional domains were identified in the predicted amino acid sequence, including β-ketoacyl synthase, acyl transferase, methyl transferase, dehydratase, β-ketoreductase, and phosphopantetheine attachment site domains. Combined use of homologous recombination-mediated gene disruption and RNA silencing allowed examination of the functional role of multiple paralogs in ACR-toxin production. ACRTS2 was found to be essential for ACR-toxin production and pathogenicity of the rough lemon pathotype of A. alternata.	1
Title: ACTTS3 encoding a polyketide synthase is essential for the biosynthesis of ACT-toxin and pathogenicity in the tangerine pathotype of Alternaria alternata Abstract: The tangerine pathotype of Alternaria alternata produces host-selective ACT-toxin and causes Alternaria brown spot disease of tangerine and tangerine hybrids. Sequence analysis of a genomic BAC clone identified part of the ACT-toxin TOX (ACTT) gene cluster, and knockout experiments have implicated several open reading frames (ORF) contained within the cluster in the biosynthesis of ACT-toxin. One of the ORF, designated ACTTS3, encoding a putative polyketide synthase, was isolated by rapid amplification of cDNA ends and genomic/reverse transcription-polymerase chain reactions using the specific primers designed from the BAC sequences. The 7,374-bp ORF encodes a polyketide synthase with putative beta-ketoacyl synthase, acyltransferase, methyltransferase, beta-ketoacyl reductase, and phosphopantetheine attachment site domains. Genomic Southern blots demonstrated that ACTTS3 is present on the smallest chromosome in the tangerine pathotype of A. alternata, and the presence of ACTTS3 is highly correlated with ACT-toxin production and pathogenicity. Targeted gene disruption of two copies of ACTTS3 led to a complete loss of ACT-toxin production and pathogenicity. These results indicate that ACTTS3 is an essential gene for ACT-toxin biosynthesis in the tangerine pathotype of A. alternata and is required for pathogenicity of this fungus.	1
Title: A melanin polyketide synthase (PKS) gene from Nodulisporium sp. that shows homology to the pks1 gene of Colletotrichum lagenarium Abstract: The melanin polyketide synthase (pks) gene of Nodulisporium sp. MF5954 (ATCC74245) was cloned by exploiting its homology to the Colletotrichum lagenarium pks1 gene. Sequence analysis demonstrated that this gene is 70% identical to the C. lagenarium pks1 gene. A gene disruption construct, designed to replace both the ketoacyl synthase and acyl transferase domains with a hygromycin resistance (Hyr) gene, was synthesized, and used to disrupt the Nodulisporium melanin pks1 gene via homologous recombination, resulting in a mel(-) phenotype. Sequence analyses of the gene and of cDNA segments generated by RT-PCR indicate that there are three introns in the 5' half of the gene. The proposed 2159-amino acid product is 72% identical and 78% similar to the 2187-amino acid sequence deduced from the C. lagenarium pks1 gene. This similarity is notable, considering that C. lagenarium is a member of the order Phyllachoales or Sordariales, whereas Nodulisporium is generally believed to be member of the order Xylariales. However, despite the strong resemblance between the amino acid sequences in the acyl transferase domains of the two proteins, only one in five codons are conserved in the DNA sequences that encode this motif. The Nodulisporium sp. pks1 gene sequence and the amino acid sequence deduced from its coding region have been deposited in Genbank under Accession No. AF151533.	1
Title: Efficient disruption of a polyketide synthase gene ( pks1) required for melanin synthesis through Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of Glarea lozoyensis Abstract: Glarea lozoyensis produces pneumocandin B(0), a potent inhibitor of fungal glucan synthesis. This industrially important filamentous fungus is slow-growing, is very darkly pigmented, and has not been easy to manipulate genetically. Using a PCR strategy to survey the G. lozoyensis genome for polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, we have identified pks1, a gene that consists of five exons interrupted by four introns of 56, 400, 50 and 341 bp. It encodes a 2124-amino acid protein with five catalytic modules: ketosynthase, acyltransferase, two acyl carrier sites, and thioesterase/Claisen cyclase. The transcriptional initiation and termination sites were found 43 bp upstream of the translational start codon and 295 bp downstream of the translational stop codon, respectively. Cluster analysis of 37 fungal ketosynthase modules grouped the Pks1p with PKSs involved in the biosynthesis of 1,8-dihydroxynaphthalene melanin. Disruption of pks1 yielded knockout mutants that displayed an albino phenotype, suggesting that pks1 encodes a tetrahydroxynaphthalene synthase. Gene replacement was achieved by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation, which proved to be simple and efficient. Loss of pigmentation occurred in more than half the transformants, and examination of six non-pigmented transformants showed that the functional genomic copy of the pks1 gene had been replaced by the disruption cassette in each case. A putative 1215-bp ORF (dsg) devoid of introns was present downstream from pks1. BLAST analysis of the 405-amino acid sequence of its predicted product showed a high degree of similarity with Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) binuclear cluster DNA-binding proteins, a class of fungal transcription factors involved in the regulation of polyketide production and other pathways.	1
Title: Terpendole E, a kinesin Eg5 inhibitor, is a key biosynthetic intermediate of indole-diterpenes in the producing fungus Chaunopycnis alba Abstract: Terpendole E is the first natural product inhibitor of kinesin Eg5. Because terpendole E production is unstable, we isolated and analyzed the terpendole E biosynthetic gene cluster, which consists of seven genes encoding three P450 monooxygenases (TerP, TerQ, and TerK), an FAD-dependent monooxygenase (TerM), a terpene cyclase (TerB), and two prenyltransferases (TerC and TerF). Gene knockout and feeding experiments revealed that terpendole E is a key intermediate in terpendole biosynthesis and is produced by the action of the key enzyme TerQ from paspaline, a common biosynthetic intermediate of indole-diterpenes. TerP converts terpendole E to a downstream intermediate specific to terpendole biosynthesis and converts paspaline to shunt metabolites. We successfully overproduced terpendole E by disrupting the terP gene. We propose that terpendole E is a key biosynthetic intermediate of terpendoles and related indole-diterpenes.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of a cyclic peptide synthetase gene from Alternaria alternata apple pathotype whose product is involved in AM-toxin synthesis and pathogenicity Abstract: Afternaria afternata apple pathotype causes Alternaria blotch of susceptible apple cultivars through the production of a cyclic peptide host-specific toxin, AM-toxin. PCR (polymerase chain reaction), with primers designed to conserved domains of peptide synthetase genes, amplified several products from A. alternata apple pathotype that showed high similarity to other fungal peptide synthetases and were specific to the apple pathotype. Screening of a Lambda Zap genomic library with these PCR-generated probes identified overlapping clones containing a complete cyclic peptide synthetase gene of 13.1 kb in length with no introns. Disruption of this gene, designated AM-toxin synthetase (AMT), by transformation of wild-type A. afternata apple pathotype with disruption vectors resulted in toxin-minus mutants, which were also unable to cause disease symptoms on susceptible apple cultivars. AM-toxin synthetase is therefore a primary determinant of virulence and specificity in the A. alternata apple pathotype/apple interaction.	1
Title: Complex regulation of secondary metabolism controlling pathogenicity in the phytopathogenic fungus Alternaria alternata Abstract: The filamentous fungus Alternaria alternata includes seven pathogenic variants (pathotypes), which produce different host-selective toxins and cause disease on different plants. The Japanese pear, strawberry and tangerine pathotypes produce AK-toxin, AF-toxin and ACT-toxin, respectively, which have a common structural moiety, 9,10-epoxy-8-hydroxy-9-methyl-decatrienoic acid (EDA). Here, we identified a new gene, AKT7 (AK-toxin biosynthetic gene 7), from the Japanese pear pathotype, which encodes a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase and functions to limit AK-toxin production. AKT7 homologs were found in the strawberry pathotype, but not the tangerine pathotype. However, the strawberry pathotype homolog appeared to include a premature stop codon. Although the Japanese pear pathotype strain has multiple copies of AKT7, a single-copy disruption resulted in mutants with increased production of AK-toxin and EDA. AKT7 overexpression in the three pathotypes caused marked reductions of toxin and EDA production, suggesting that Akt7 catalyzes a side reaction of EDA or its precursor. AKT7 overexpression caused reduced virulence in these pathotypes. We also found that AKT7 transcripts predominantly include misspliced mRNAs, which have premature stop codons. Our observations suggest that the AK-toxin production required for full virulence is regulated in a complex way by the copy number and intron information content of AKT7.	1
Title: Structural and functional complexity of the genomic region controlling AK-toxin biosynthesis and pathogenicity in the Japanese pear pathotype of Alternaria alternata Abstract: The Japanese pear pathotype of Alternaria alternata produces host-specific AK-toxin and causes black spot of Japanese pear. Previously, a cosmid clone, pcAKT-1, was isolated that contains two genes, AKT1 and AKT2, within a 5.0-kb region required for AK-toxin biosynthesis. The wild-type strain has multiple, nonfunctional copies of these genes. In the present study, two additional genes, AKTR-1 and AKT3-1, downstream of AKT2 were identified. Transformation of the wild type with AKTR-1- and AKT3-1-targeting vectors produced toxin-deficient (Tox-), nonpathogenic mutants. DNA gel blot analysis, however, demonstrated that the fragments targeted in Tox- mutants were different from those containing AKTR-1 and AKT3-1 on the transforming vectors. A cosmid clone, pcAKT-2, containing the targeted DNA was isolated and shown to carry two genes, AKTR-2 and AKT3-2, with high similarity to AKTR-1 and AKT3-1, respectively. Transcripts from not only AKTR-2 and AKT3-2 but also AKTR-1 and AKT3-1 were found in the wild type. DNA gel blot analysis with pulsed-field gel electrophoresis showed that AKT1, AKT2, AKT3, and AKTR and their homologues are on a single chromosome. These results indicate the structural and functional complexity of the genomic region controlling AK-toxin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of highly reducing polyketide synthase involved in betaenone biosynthesis Abstract: A unique highly reducing polyketide synthase (HR-PKS) with a reductase domain was identified in a betaenone biosynthetic gene cluster. Successful heterologous expression and characterization of the HR-PKS and trans-acting enoyl reductase (ER) provide insights into the core structure formation with a decalin scaffold and allow reconstitution of the betaenone biosynthetic machinery.	1
Title: Insights from the first putative biosynthetic gene cluster for a lichen depside and depsidone Abstract: The genes for polyketide synthases (PKSs), enzymes that assemble the carbon backbones of many secondary metabolites, often cluster with other secondary pathway genes. We describe here the first lichen PKS cluster likely to be implicated in the biosynthesis of a depside and a depsidone, compounds in a class almost exclusively produced by lichen fungi (mycobionts). With degenerate PCR with primers biased toward presumed PKS genes for depsides and depsidones we identified among the many PKS genes in Cladonia grayi four (CgrPKS13-16) potentially responsible for grayanic acid (GRA), the orcinol depsidone characteristic of this lichen. To single out a likely GRA PKS we compared mRNA and GRA induction in mycobiont cultures using the four candidate PKS genes plus three controls; only CgrPKS16 expression closely matched GRA induction. CgrPKS16 protein domains were compatible with orcinol depside biosynthesis. Phylogenetically CgrPKS16 fell in a new subclade of fungal PKSs uniquely producing orcinol compounds. In the C. grayi genome CgrPKS16 clustered with a CytP450 and an o-methyltransferase gene, appropriately matching the three compounds in the GRA pathway. Induction, domain organization, phylogeny and cluster pathway correspondence independently indicated that the CgrPKS16 cluster is most likely responsible for GRA biosynthesis. Specifically we propose that (i) a single PKS synthesizes two aromatic rings and links them into a depside, (ii) the depside to depsidone transition requires only a cytochrome P450 and (iii) lichen compounds evolved early in the radiation of filamentous fungi.	1
Title: Identification and regulation of fusA, the polyketide synthase gene responsible for fusarin production in Fusarium fujikuroi Abstract: Fusarins are a class of mycotoxins of the polyketide family produced by different Fusarium species, including the gibberellin-producing fungus Fusarium fujikuroi. Based on sequence comparisons between polyketide synthase (PKS) enzymes for fusarin production in other Fusarium strains, we have identified the F. fujikuroi orthologue, called fusA. The participation of fusA in fusarin biosynthesis was demonstrated by targeted mutagenesis. Fusarin production is transiently stimulated by nitrogen availability in this fungus, a regulation paralleled by the fusA mRNA levels in the cell. Illumination of the cultures results in a reduction of the fusarin content, an effect partially explained by a high sensitivity of these compounds to light. Mutants of the fusA gene exhibit no external phenotypic alterations, including morphology and conidiation, except for a lack of the characteristic yellow and/or orange pigmentation of fusarins. Moreover, the fusA mutants are less efficient than the wild type at degrading cellophane on agar cultures, a trait associated with pathogenesis functions in Fusarium oxysporum. The fusA mutants, however, are not affected in their capacities to grow on plant tissues.	1
Title: Genetic manipulation of the Fusarium fujikuroi fusarin gene cluster yields insight into the complex regulation and fusarin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: In this work, the biosynthesis and regulation of the polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS/NRPS)-derived mutagenic mycotoxin fusarin C was studied in the fungus Fusarium fujikuroi. The fusarin gene cluster consists of nine genes (fus1-fus9) that are coexpressed under high-nitrogen and acidic pH conditions. Chromatin immunoprecipitation revealed a correlation between high expression and enrichment of activating H3K9-acetylation marks under inducing conditions. We provide evidence that only four genes are sufficient for the biosynthesis. The combination of genetic engineering with nuclear magnetic resonance and mass-spectrometry-based structure elucidation allowed the discovery of the putative fusarin biosynthetic pathway. Surprisingly, we indicate that PKS/NRPS releases its product with an open ring structure, probably as an alcohol. Our data indicate that 2-pyrrolidone ring closure, oxidation at C-20, and, finally, methylation at C-20 are catalyzed by Fus2, Fus8, and Fus9, respectively.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of novel methylsalicylic acid synthase gene involved in the biosynthesis of isoasperlactone and asperlactone in Aspergillus westerdijkiae Abstract: Aspergillus westerdijkiae is the main producer of several biologically active polyketide metabolites including isoasperlactone and asperlactone. A 5298bp polyketide synthase gene "aomsas" has been cloned in Aspergillus westerdijkiae by using gene walking approach and RACE-PCR. The predicted amino acid sequence of aomsas shows an identity of 40-56% with different methylsalicylic acid synthase genes found in Byssochlamys nivea, P. patulum, A. terreus and Streptomyces viridochromogenes. Based on the reverse transcription PCR and kinetic secondary metabolites production studies, aomsas expression was found to be associated with the biosynthesis of isoasperlactone and asperlactone. Moreover an aomsas knockout mutant "aoDeltamsas" of A. westerdijkiae, not only lost the capacity to produce isoasperlactone and asperlactone, but also 6-methylsalicylic acid. The genetically complemented mutant ao+msas restored the biosynthesis of all the missing metabolites. Chemical complementation through the addition of 6-methylsalicylic acid, aspyrone and diepoxide to growing culture of aoDeltamsas mutant revealed that these compounds play intermediate roles in the biosynthesis of asperlactone and isoasperlactone.	1
Title: A gene (pks2) encoding a putative 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase from Glarea lozoyensis Abstract: A gene that encodes for a polyketide synthase (PKS) was cloned from the fungus Glarea lozoyensis and characterized. The gene (pks2) consists of four exons interrupted by three introns of 51, 59, and 65 bp, which are clustered at the 5' end. Its predicted product is a 1791-amino-acid protein containing five catalytic motifs typical of fungal PKSs, including a beta-ketosynthase, an acyltransferase, a dehydratase, a beta-ketoacyl reductase, and an acyl carrier region. The gene is transcribed from an initiation site located 375 bp upstream of the translational start codon and extends to a transcriptional termination site 244 bp downstream of the translational stop codon. The gene function is not required for either vegetative growth of G. lozoyensis or for production of pneumocandin, as shown by Agrobacterium-mediated pks2 gene disruption. Previously reported cluster analysis of ketosynthase motifs from 37 fungal polyketide synthases had grouped the Pks2p from G. lozoyensis with PKSs involved in the biosynthesis of 6-methylsalicylic acid. To verify the function of the gene, it was transferred into Aspergillus nidulans under the control of the trpC promoter. 5'-and 3'-RACE experiments confirmed that it was transcribed in the heterologous host, and was associated with the synthesis of a compound identified as 6-methylsalicylic acid by NMR and mass spectrometry. In G. lozoyensis, pks2 is flanked by a gene that encodes a putative drug resistance efflux pump. The Aspergillus pks2 transformants, which were arginine prototrophs, also exhibited precocious pigmentation and accumulated a benzophenone that appeared to be a precursor of emericellin (variecoxanthone B), a known product of A. nidulans. The buildup of the benzophenone may be related to the use of an alternative splice site for the removal of intron 1 of the pks2 transcript in the heterologous host.	1
Title: Ancestral polymorphism and adaptive evolution in the trichothecene mycotoxin gene cluster of phytopathogenic Fusarium Abstract: Filamentous fungi within the Fusarium graminearum species complex (Fg complex) are the primary etiological agents of Fusarium head blight (scab) of wheat and barley. Scab is an economically devastating plant disease that greatly limits grain yield and quality. In addition, scabby grain is often contaminated with trichothecene mycotoxins that act as virulence factors on some hosts, and pose a serious threat to animal health and food safety. Strain-specific differences in trichothecene metabolite profiles (chemotypes) are not well correlated with the Fg complex phylogeny based on genealogical concordance at six single-copy nuclear genes. To examine the basis for this discord between species and toxin evolution, a 19-kb region of the trichothecene gene cluster was sequenced in 39 strains chosen to represent the global genetic diversity of species in the Fg complex and four related species of Fusarium. Phylogenetic analyses demonstrated that polymorphism within these virulence-associated genes is transspecific and appears to have been maintained by balancing selection acting on chemotype differences that originated in the ancestor of this important group of plant pathogens. Chemotype-specific differences in selective constraint and evidence of adaptive evolution within trichothecene genes are also reported.	1
Title: The trichothecene biosynthesis gene cluster of Fusarium graminearum F15 contains a limited number of essential pathway genes and expressed non-essential genes Abstract: We report for the first time the complete structure and sequence of the trichothecene biosynthesis gene cluster (i.e. Tri5-cluster) from Fusarium graminearum F15, a strain that produces 3-acetyldeoxynivalenol (3-ADON). A putative tyrosinase and polysaccharide deacetylase gene flank the Tri5-cluster: the number of pathway genes between them is less than half the total number of steps necessary for 3-ADON biosynthesis. In comparison with partial Tri5-cluster sequences of strains with 15-acetyldeoxynivalenol and 4-acetylnivalenol chemotypes, the Tri5-cluster from strain F15 contains three genes that are apparently unnecessary for the biosynthesis of 3-ADON (i.e. Tri8 and Tri3, which are expressed, and pseudo-Tri13, which is not expressed). In addition, the Tri7 gene was missing from the cluster. Recombinant TRI3 protein showed limited trichothecene C-15 acetylase activity. In contrast, recombinant TRI8 protein displayed no C-3 deacetylase activity, suggesting that the loss or alteration of function contribute directly to the chemotype difference.	1
Title: Beta hydroxylation of glycolipids from Ustilago maydis and Pseudozyma flocculosa by an NADPH-dependent β-hydroxylase Abstract: Flocculosin and ustilagic acid (UA), two highly similar antifungal cellobiose lipids, are respectively produced by Pseudozyma flocculosa, a biocontrol agent, and Ustilago maydis, a plant pathogen. Both glycolipids contain a short-chain fatty acid hydroxylated at the β position but differ in the long fatty acid, which is hydroxylated at the α position in UA and at the β position in flocculosin. In both organisms, the biosynthesis genes are arranged in large clusters. The functions of most genes have already been characterized, but those of the P. flocculosa fhd1 gene and its homolog from U. maydis, uhd1, have remained undefined. The deduced amino acid sequences of these genes show homology to those of short-chain dehydrogenases and reductases (SDR). We disrupted the uhd1 gene in U. maydis and analyzed the secreted UA. uhd1 deletion strains produced UA lacking the β-hydroxyl group of the short-chain fatty acid. To analyze the function of P. flocculosa Fhd1, the corresponding gene was used to complement U. maydis Δuhd1 mutants. Fhd1 was able to restore wild-type UA production, indicating that Fhd1 is responsible for β hydroxylation of the flocculosin short-chain fatty acid. We also investigated a P. flocculosa homolog of the U. maydis long-chain fatty-acid alpha hydroxylase Ahd1. The P. flocculosa ahd1 gene, which does not reside in the flocculosin gene cluster, was introduced into U. maydis Δahd1 mutant strains. P. flocculosa Ahd1 neither complemented the U. maydis Δahd1 phenotype nor resulted in the production of β-hydroxylated UA. This suggests that P. flocculosa Ahd1 is not involved in flocculosin hydroxylation.	1
Title: Activation of the ustilagic acid biosynthesis gene cluster in Ustilago maydis by the C2H2 zinc finger transcription factor Rua1 Abstract: The phytopathogenic basidiomycetous fungus Ustilago maydis secretes, under conditions of nitrogen starvation, large amounts of the biosurfactant ustilagic acid (UA). This secreted cellobiose glycolipid is toxic for many microorganisms and confers biocontrol activity to U. maydis. Recently, a large gene cluster that is responsible for UA biosynthesis was identified. Here, we show that expression of all cluster genes depends on Rua1, a nuclear protein of the C(2)H(2) zinc finger family, whose gene is located within the gene cluster. While deletion of rua1 results in complete loss of UA production, overexpression of rua1 promotes increased UA synthesis even in the presence of a good nitrogen source. Bioinformatic analysis allowed us to identify a conserved sequence element that is present in the promoters of all structural genes involved in UA biosynthesis. Deletion analysis of several promoters within the cluster revealed that this DNA element serves as an upstream activating sequence (UAS) and mediates Rua1-dependent expression. We used the yeast one-hybrid system to demonstrate specific recognition of this DNA element by Rua1. Introduction of nucleotide exchanges into the consensus sequence interfered with Rua1-dependent activation, suggesting that this sequence element acts as a direct binding site for Rua1.	1
Title: A biosynthetic gene cluster for a secreted cellobiose lipid with antifungal activity from Ustilago maydis Abstract: The phytopathogenic basidiomycetous fungus Ustilago maydis secretes large amounts of the glycolipid biosurfactant ustilagic acid (UA). UA consists of 15,16-dihydroxypalmitic or 2,15,16-trihydroxypalmitic acid, which is O-glycosidically linked to cellobiose at its terminal hydroxyl group. In addition, the cellobiose moiety is acetylated and acylated with a short-chain hydroxy fatty acid. We have identified a 58 kb spanning gene cluster that contains 12 open reading frames coding for most, if not all, enzymes needed for UA biosynthesis. Using a combination of genetic and mass spectrometric analysis we were able to assign functional roles to three of the proteins encoded by the gene cluster. This allowed us to propose a biosynthesis route for UA. The Ahd1 protein belongs to the family of non-haem diiron reductases and is required for alpha-hydroxylation of palmitic acid. Two P450 monooxygenases, Cyp1 and Cyp2, catalyse terminal and subterminal hydroxylation of palmitic acid. We could demonstrate that infection of tomato leaves by the plant pathogenic fungus Botrytis cinerea is prevented by co-inoculation with wild-type U. maydis sporidia. U. maydis mutants defective in UA biosynthesis were unable to inhibit B. cinerea infection indicating that UA secretion is critical for antagonistic activity.	1
Title: Genetic analysis of biosurfactant production in Ustilago maydis Abstract: The dimorphic basidiomycete Ustilago maydis produces large amounts of surface-active compounds under conditions of nitrogen starvation. These biosurfactants consist of derivatives of two classes of amphipathic glycolipids. Ustilagic acids are cellobiose lipids in which the disaccharide is O-glycosidically linked to 15,16-dihydroxyhexadecanoic acid. Ustilipids are mannosylerythritol lipids derived from acylated beta-d-mannopyranosyl-d-erythritol. Whereas the chemical structure of these biosurfactants has been determined, the genetic basis for their biosynthesis and regulation is largely unknown. Here we report the first identification of two genes, emt1 and cyp1, that are essential for the production of fungal extracellular glycolipids. emt1 is required for mannosylerythritol lipid production and codes for a protein with similarity to prokaryotic glycosyltransferases involved in the biosynthesis of macrolide antibiotics. We suggest that Emt1 catalyzes the synthesis of mannosyl-d-erythritol by transfer of GDP-mannose. Deletion of the gene cyp1 resulted in complete loss of ustilagic acid production. Cyp1 encodes a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase which is highly related to a family of plant fatty acid hydroxylases. Therefore we assume that Cyp1 is directly involved in the biosynthesis of the unusual 15,16-dihydroxyhexadecanoic acid. We could show that mannosylerythritol lipid production is responsible for hemolytic activity on blood agar, whereas ustilagic acid secretion is required for long-range pheromone recognition. The mutants described here allow for the first time a genetic analysis of glycolipid production in fungi.	1
Title: Phylogenomic Analysis of Natural Products Biosynthetic Gene Clusters Allows Discovery of Arseno-Organic Metabolites in Model Streptomycetes Abstract: Natural products from microbes have provided humans with beneficial antibiotics for millennia. However, a decline in the pace of antibiotic discovery exerts pressure on human health as antibiotic resistance spreads, a challenge that may better faced by unveiling chemical diversity produced by microbes. Current microbial genome mining approaches have revitalized research into antibiotics, but the empirical nature of these methods limits the chemical space that is explored.Here, we address the problem of finding novel pathways by incorporating evolutionary principles into genome mining. We recapitulated the evolutionary history of twenty-three enzyme families previously uninvestigated in the context of natural product biosynthesis in Actinobacteria, the most proficient producers of natural products. Our genome evolutionary analyses where based on the assumption that expanded-repurposed enzyme families-from central metabolism, occur frequently and thus have the potential to catalyze new conversions in the context of natural products biosynthesis. Our analyses led to the discovery of biosynthetic gene clusters coding for hidden chemical diversity, as validated by comparing our predictions with those from state-of-the-art genome mining tools; as well as experimentally demonstrating the existence of a biosynthetic pathway for arseno-organic metabolites in Streptomyces coelicolor and Streptomyces lividans, Using a gene knockout and metabolite profile combined strategy.As our approach does not rely solely on sequence similarity searches of previously identified biosynthetic enzymes, these results establish the basis for the development of an evolutionary-driven genome mining tool termed EvoMining that complements current platforms. We anticipate that by doing so real 'chemical dark matter' will be unveiled.	1
Title: SnPKS19 Encodes the Polyketide Synthase for Alternariol Mycotoxin Biosynthesis in the Wheat Pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum Abstract: Alternariol (AOH) is an important mycotoxin from the Alternaria fungi. AOH was detected for the first time in the wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum in a recent study. Here, we exploited reverse genetics to demonstrate that SNOG_15829 (SnPKS19), a close homolog of Penicillium aethiopicum norlichexanthone (NLX) synthase gene gsfA, is required for AOH production. We further validate that SnPKS19 is solely responsible for AOH production by heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans. The expression profile of SnPKS19 based on previous P. nodorum microarray data correlated with the presence of AOH in vitro and its absence in planta. Subsequent characterization of the ΔSnPKS19 mutants showed that SnPKS19 and AOH are not involved in virulence and oxidative stress tolerance. Identification and characterization of the P. nodorum SnPKS19 cast light on a possible alternative AOH synthase gene in Alternaria alternata and allowed us to survey the distribution of AOH synthase genes in other fungal genomes. We further demonstrate that phylogenetic analysis could be used to differentiate between AOH synthases and the closely related NLX synthases. This study provides the basis for studying the genetic regulation of AOH production and for development of molecular diagnostic methods for detecting AOH-producing fungi in the future.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Origin of the Antibiotic Pseudopyronines A and B in Pseudomonas putida BW11M1 Abstract: Within the framework of our effort to discover new antibiotics from pseudomonads, pseudopyronines A and B were isolated from the plant-derived Pseudomonas putida BW11M1. Pseudopyronines are 3,6-dialkyl-4-hydroxy-2-pyrones and displayed high in vitro activities against several human pathogens, and in our hands also towards the plant pathogen Pseudomonas savastanoi. Here, the biosynthesis of pseudopyronine B was studied by a combination of feeding experiments with isotopically labeled precursors, genomic sequence analysis, and gene deletion experiments. The studies resulted in the deduction of all acetate units and revealed that the biosynthesis of these α-pyrones occurs with a single PpyS-homologous ketosynthase. It fuses, with some substrate flexibility, a 3-oxo-fatty acid and a further unbranched saturated fatty acid, both of medium chain-length and provided by primary metabolism.	1
Title: Ustilago maydis produces itaconic acid via the unusual intermediate trans-aconitate Abstract: Itaconic acid is an important biomass-derived chemical building block but has also recently been identified as a metabolite produced in mammals, which has antimicrobial activity. The biosynthetic pathway of itaconic acid has been elucidated in the ascomycetous fungus Aspergillus terreus and in human macrophages. In both organisms itaconic acid is generated by decarboxylation of the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle intermediate cis-aconitate. Here, we show that the basidiomycetous fungus Ustilago maydis uses an alternative pathway and produces itaconic acid via trans-aconitate, the thermodynamically favoured isomer of cis-aconitate. We have identified a gene cluster that contains all genes involved in itaconic acid formation. Trans-aconitate is generated from cis-aconitate by a cytosolic aconitate-Δ-isomerase (Adi1) that belongs to the PrpF family of proteins involved in bacterial propionate degradation. Decarboxylation of trans-aconitate is catalyzed by a novel enzyme, trans-aconitate decarboxylase (Tad1). Tad1 displays significant sequence similarity with bacterial 3-carboxy-cis,cis-muconate lactonizing enzymes (CMLE). This suggests that U. maydis has evolved an alternative biosynthetic pathway for itaconate production using the toxic intermediate trans-aconitate. Overexpression of a pathway-specific transcription factor (Ria1) or a mitochondrial tricarboxylic acid transporter (Mtt1) resulted in a twofold increase in itaconate yield. Therefore, our findings offer new strategies for biotechnological production of this valuable biomass-derived chemical.	1
Title: Identification and Heterologous Expression of the Chaxamycin Biosynthesis Gene Cluster from Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii Abstract: Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii, isolated from the hyperarid Atacama Desert, produces the new ansamycin-like compounds chaxamycins A to D, which possess potent antibacterial activity and moderate antiproliferative activity. We report the development of genetic tools to manipulate S. leeuwenhoekii and the identification and partial characterization of the 80.2-kb chaxamycin biosynthesis gene cluster, which was achieved by both mutational analysis in the natural producer and heterologous expression in Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) strain M1152. Restoration of chaxamycin production in a nonproducing ΔcxmK mutant (cxmK encodes 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoic acid [AHBA] synthase) was achieved by supplementing the growth medium with AHBA, suggesting that mutasynthesis may be a viable approach for the generation of novel chaxamycin derivatives.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for maklamicin, a spirotetronate-class antibiotic of the endophytic Micromonospora sp. NBRC 110955 Abstract: Maklamicin, which is produced by the endophytic Micromonospora sp. NBRC 110955, is a spirotetronate-class antibiotic possessing anti-microbial activity against Gram-positive bacteria, and has several unique structural features different from other spirotetronates. Here we describe identification and characterization of the maklamicin biosynthetic (mak) gene cluster through draft genome sequencing, genomic library screening, and gene disruption. Sequence analysis revealed that a plausible maklamicin cluster resides in a 152 kb DNA region encoding 46 open reading frames, 24 of which can be assigned roles in the biosynthesis of polyketide backbone, spirotetronate or peripheral moieties, self-resistance and the regulation of maklamicin production. Disruption of the polyketide synthase (PKS) genes makA1 or makA4 resulted in a complete loss of maklamicin production, indicating that the type I modular PKS system is responsible for the biosynthesis of maklamicin. The mak gene cluster contained a set of biosynthetic genes for the formation of a tetronate moiety, which were found to be highly conserved in the gene clusters for spirotetronate antibiotics. Based on the estimated biosynthetic genes, we propose the biosynthetic pathway for maklamicin. Our findings provide not only insights on the biosynthetic mechanism of the unique structures in maklamicin, but also useful information to facilitate a comparative analysis of the spirotetronate biosynthetic pathways to expand the structural repertoire.	1
Title: Characterization of the Antimicrobial Peptide Penisin, a Class Ia Novel Lantibiotic from Paenibacillus sp. Strain A3 Abstract: Attempts to isolate novel antimicrobial peptides from microbial sources have been on the rise recently, despite their low efficacy in therapeutic applications. Here, we report identification and characterization of a new efficient antimicrobial peptide from a bacterial strain designated A3 that exhibited highest identity with Paenibacillus ehimensis. Upon purification and subsequent molecular characterization of the antimicrobial peptide, referred to as penisin, we found the peptide to be a bacteriocin-like peptide. Consistent with these results, RAST analysis of the entire genome sequence revealed the presence of a lantibiotic gene cluster containing genes necessary for synthesis and maturation of a lantibiotic. While circular dichroism and one-dimension nuclear magnetic resonance experiments confirmed a random coil structure of the peptide, similar to other known lantibiotics, additional biochemical evidence suggests posttranslational modifications of the core peptide yield six thioether cross-links. The deduced amino acid sequence of the putative biosynthetic gene penA showed approximately 74% similarity with elgicin A and 50% similarity with the lantibiotic paenicidin A. Penisin effectively killed methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and did not exhibit hemolysis activity. Unlike other lantibiotics, it effectively inhibited the growth of Gram-negative bacteria. Furthermore, 80 mg/kg of body weight of penisin significantly reduced bacterial burden in a mouse thigh infection model and protected BALB/c mice in a bacteremia model entailing infection with Staphylococcus aureus MTCC 96, suggesting that it could be a promising new antimicrobial peptide.	1
Title: Identification of the Scopularide Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Scopulariopsis brevicaulis Abstract: Scopularide A is a promising potent anticancer lipopeptide isolated from a marine derived Scopulariopsis brevicaulis strain. The compound consists of a reduced carbon chain (3-hydroxy-methyldecanoyl) attached to five amino acids (glycine, l-valine, d-leucine, l-alanine, and l-phenylalanine). Using the newly sequenced S. brevicaulis genome we were able to identify the putative biosynthetic gene cluster using genetic information from the structurally related emericellamide A from Aspergillus nidulans and W493-B from Fusarium pseudograminearum. The scopularide A gene cluster includes a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS1), a polyketide synthase (PKS2), a CoA ligase, an acyltransferase, and a transcription factor. Homologous recombination was low in S. brevicaulis so the local transcription factor was integrated randomly under a constitutive promoter, which led to a three to four-fold increase in scopularide A production. This indirectly verifies the identity of the proposed biosynthetic gene cluster.	1
Title: Functional Analysis of Genes Involved in the Biosynthesis of Enterocin NKR-5-3B, a Novel Circular Bacteriocin Abstract: A putative biosynthetic gene cluster of the enterocin NKR-5-3B (Ent53B), a novel circular bacteriocin, was analyzed by sequencing the flanking regions around enkB, the Ent53B structural gene, using a fosmid library. A region approximately 9 kb in length was obtained, and the enkB1, enkB2, enkB3, and enkB4 genes, encoding putative biosynthetic proteins involved in the production, maturation, and secretion of Ent53B, were identified. We also determined the identity of proteins mediating self-immunity against the effects of Ent53B. Heterologous expression systems in various heterologous hosts, such as Enterococcus faecalis and Lactococcus lactis strains, were successfully established. The production and secretion of the mature Ent53B required the cooperative functions of five genes. Ent53B was produced only by those heterologous hosts that expressed protein products of the enkB, enkB1, enkB2, enkB3, and enkB4 genes. Moreover, self-immunity against the antimicrobial action of Ent53B was conferred by at least two independent mechanisms. Heterologous hosts harboring the intact enkB4 gene and/or a combination of intact enkB1 and enkB3 genes were immune to the inhibitory action of Ent53B.                  Importance:                       In addition to their potential application as food preservatives, circular bacteriocins are now considered possible alternatives to therapeutic antibiotics due to the exceptional stability conferred by their circular structure. The successful practical application of circular bacteriocins will become possible only if the molecular details of their biosynthesis are fully understood. The results of the present study offer a new perspective on the possible mechanism of circular bacteriocin biosynthesis. In addition, since some enterococcal strains are associated with pathogenicity, virulence, and drug resistance, the establishment of the first multigenus host heterologous production of Ent53B has very high practical significance, as it widens the scope of possible Ent53B applications.	1
Title: Characterization of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for Benzoxazole Antibiotics A33853 Reveals Unusual Assembly Logic Abstract: A33853, which shows excellent bioactivity against Leishmania, is a benzoxazole-family compound formed from two moieties of 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid and one 3-hydroxypicolinic acid. In this study, we have identified the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of A33853 in Streptomyces sp. NRRL12068 through genome mining and heterologous expression. Bioinformatics analysis and functional characterization of the orfs contained in the gene cluster revealed that the biosynthesis of A33853 is directed by a group of unusual enzymes. In particular, BomK, annotated as a ketosynthase, was found to catalyze the amide bond formation between 3-hydroxypicolinic and 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid during the assembly of A33853. BomJ, a putative ATP-dependent coenzyme A ligase, and BomN, a putative amidohydrolase, were further proposed to be involved in the benzoxazole formation in A33853 according to gene deletion experiments. Finally, we have successfully utilized mutasynthesis to generate two analogs of A33853, which were reported previously to possess excellent anti-leishmanial activity.	1
Title: Identification of the Polyketide Biosynthetic Machinery for the Indolizidine Alkaloid Cyclizidine Abstract: The cyclizidine biosynthetic gene cluster was identified from Streptomyces NCIB 11649, which revealed the polyketide biosynthetic machinery for cyclizidine alkaloid biosynthesis. Both in vivo mutagenesis study and in vitro biochemical analysis provided insight into the timing and mechanism of the biosynthetic enzymes that produce cyclizidine-type indolizidine alkaloids.	1
Title: Metabolomics-Driven Discovery of a Prenylated Isatin Antibiotic Produced by Streptomyces Species MBT28 Abstract: Actinomycetes are a major source of antimicrobials, anticancer compounds, and other medically important products, and their genomes harbor extensive biosynthetic potential. Major challenges in the screening of these microorganisms are to activate the expression of cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters and the development of technologies for efficient dereplication of known molecules. Here we report the identification of a previously unidentified isatin-type antibiotic produced by Streptomyces sp. MBT28, following a strategy based on NMR-based metabolomics combined with the introduction of streptomycin resistance in the producer strain. NMR-guided isolation by tracking the target proton signal resulted in the characterization of 7-prenylisatin (1) with antimicrobial activity against Bacillus subtilis. The metabolite-guided genome mining of Streptomyces sp. MBT28 combined with proteomics identified a gene cluster with an indole prenyltransferase that catalyzes the conversion of tryptophan into 7-prenylisatin. This study underlines the applicability of NMR-based metabolomics in facilitating the discovery of novel antibiotics.	1
Title: The Cremeomycin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Encodes a Pathway for Diazo Formation Abstract: Diazo groups are found in a range of natural products that possess potent biological activities. Despite longstanding interest in these metabolites, diazo group biosynthesis is not well understood, in part because of difficulties in identifying specific genes linked to diazo formation. Here we describe the discovery of the gene cluster that produces the o-diazoquinone natural product cremeomycin and its heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans. We used stable isotope feeding experiments and in vitro characterization of biosynthetic enzymes to decipher the order of events in this pathway and establish that diazo construction involves late-stage N-N bond formation. This work represents the first successful production of a diazo-containing metabolite in a heterologous host, experimentally linking a set of genes with diazo formation.	1
Title: Identification and Characterization of the Streptazone E Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Streptomyces sp. MSC090213JE08 Abstract: Streptazone derivatives isolated from Streptomyces species are piperidine alkaloids with a cyclopenta[b]pyridine scaffold. Previous studies indicated that these compounds are polyketides, but the biosynthetic enzymes responsible for their synthesis are unknown. Here, we have identified the streptazone E biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. MSC090213JE08, which encodes a modular type I PKS and tailoring enzymes that include an aminotransferase, three oxidoreductases, and two putative cyclases. The functions of the six tailoring enzymes were analyzed by gene disruption, and two putative biosynthetic intermediates that accumulated in particular mutants were structurally elucidated. On the basis of these results, we propose a pathway for the biosynthesis of streptazone E in which the two putative cyclases of the nuclear transport factor 2-like superfamily are responsible for C-C bond formation coupled with epoxide ring opening to give the five-membered ring of streptazone E.	1
Title: An automated Genomes-to-Natural Products platform (GNP) for the discovery of modular natural products Abstract: Bacterial natural products are a diverse and valuable group of small molecules, and genome sequencing indicates that the vast majority remain undiscovered. The prediction of natural product structures from biosynthetic assembly lines can facilitate their discovery, but highly automated, accurate, and integrated systems are required to mine the broad spectrum of sequenced bacterial genomes. Here we present a genome-guided natural products discovery tool to automatically predict, combinatorialize and identify polyketides and nonribosomal peptides from biosynthetic assembly lines using LC-MS/MS data of crude extracts in a high-throughput manner. We detail the directed identification and isolation of six genetically predicted polyketides and nonribosomal peptides using our Genome-to-Natural Products platform. This highly automated, user-friendly programme provides a means of realizing the potential of genetically encoded natural products.	1
Title: A cryptic polyene biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces calvus is expressed upon complementation with a functional bldA gene Abstract: Streptomyces calvus is best known as the producer of the fluorinated natural product nucleocidin. This strain of Streptomycetes is also unusual for displaying a "bald" phenotype that is deficient in the formation of aerial mycelium and spores. Genome sequencing of this organism revealed a point mutation in the bldA gene that is predicted to encode a misfolded Leu-tRNA(UUA) molecule. Complementation of S. calvus with a correct copy of bldA restored sporulation and additionally promoted production of a polyeneoic acid amide, 4-Z-annimycin, and a minor amount of the isomer, 4-E-annimycin. Bioassays reveal that these compounds inhibit morphological differentiation in other Actinobacteria. The annimycin gene cluster encoding a type 1 polyketide synthase was identified and verified through disruption studies. This study underscores the importance of the bldA gene in regulating the expression of cryptic biosynthetic genes.	1
Title: Two of a Kind--The Biosynthetic Pathways of Chlorotonil and Anthracimycin Abstract: Chlorotonil A is a novel polyketide isolated from the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum So ce1525 that features a unique gem-dichloro-1,3-dione moiety. It exhibits potent bioactivity, most notably against the problematic malaria pathogen Plasmodium falciparum in the nanomolar range. In addition, strong antibacterial and moderate antifungal activity were determined. The outstanding biological activity of chlorotonil A as well as its unusual chemical structure triggered our interest in elucidating its biosynthesis, a prerequisite for alteration of the scaffold by synthetic biology approaches. This endeavor was facilitated by a recent report describing the strikingly similar structure of anthracimycin from a marine streptomycete, a compound of considerable interest due to its potent antibacterial activity. In this study, we report the identification and characterization of the chlorotonil A biosynthetic gene cluster from So ce1525 and compare it with that for anthracimycin biosynthesis. Access to both gene clusters allowed us to highlight commonalities between the two pathways and revealed striking differences, some of which can plausibly explain the structural differences observed between these intriguing natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Novel Macrolide Antibiotic Anthracimycin Abstract: We report the identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the unusual antibiotic anthracimycin (atc) from the marine derived producer strain Streptomyces sp. T676 isolated off St. John's Island, Singapore. The 53 253 bps atc locus includes a trans-acyltransferase (trans-AT) polyketide synthase (PKS), and heterologous expression in Streptomyces coelicolor resulted in anthracimycin production. Analysis of the atc cluster revealed that anthracimycin is likely generated by four PKS gene products AtcC-AtcF without involvement of post-PKS tailoring enzymes, and a biosynthetic pathway is proposed. The availability of the atc cluster provides a basis for investigating the biosynthesis of anthracimycin and its subsequent bioengineering to provide novel analogues with improved pharmacological properties.	1
Title: Identification of the Lomofungin Biosynthesis Gene Cluster and Associated Flavin-Dependent Monooxygenase Gene in Streptomyces lomondensis S015 Abstract: Streptomyces lomondensis S015 synthesizes the broad-spectrum phenazine antibiotic lomofungin. Whole genome sequencing of this strain revealed a genomic locus consisting of 23 open reading frames that includes the core phenazine biosynthesis gene cluster lphzGFEDCB. lomo10, encoding a putative flavin-dependent monooxygenase, was also identified in this locus. Inactivation of lomo10 by in-frame partial deletion resulted in the biosynthesis of a new phenazine metabolite, 1-carbomethoxy-6-formyl-4,9-dihydroxy-phenazine, along with the absence of lomofungin. This result suggests that lomo10 is responsible for the hydroxylation of lomofungin at its C-7 position. This is the first description of a phenazine hydroxylation gene in Streptomyces, and the results of this study lay the foundation for further investigation of phenazine metabolite biosynthesis in Streptomyces.	1
Title: Genome-Directed Lead Discovery: Biosynthesis, Structure Elucidation, and Biological Evaluation of Two Families of Polyene Macrolactams against Trypanosoma brucei Abstract: Marine natural products are an important source of lead compounds against many pathogenic targets. Herein, we report the discovery of lobosamides A-C from a marine actinobacterium, Micromonospora sp., representing three new members of a small but growing family of bacterially produced polyene macrolactams. The lobosamides display growth inhibitory activity against the protozoan parasite Trypanosoma brucei (lobosamide A IC50 = 0.8 μM), the causative agent of human African trypanosomiasis (HAT). The biosynthetic gene cluster of the lobosamides was sequenced and suggests a conserved cluster organization among the 26-membered macrolactams. While determination of the relative and absolute configurations of many members of this family is lacking, the absolute configurations of the lobosamides were deduced using a combination of chemical modification, detailed spectroscopic analysis, and bioinformatics. We implemented a "molecules-to-genes-to-molecules" approach to determine the prevalence of similar clusters in other bacteria, which led to the discovery of two additional macrolactams, mirilactams A and B from Actinosynnema mirum. These additional analogs have allowed us to identify specific structure-activity relationships that contribute to the antitrypanosomal activity of this class. This approach illustrates the power of combining chemical analysis and genomics in the discovery and characterization of natural products as new lead compounds for neglected disease targets.	1
Title: Transcriptome Analysis of Aspergillus flavus Reveals veA-Dependent Regulation of Secondary Metabolite Gene Clusters, Including the Novel Aflavarin Cluster Abstract: The global regulatory veA gene governs development and secondary metabolism in numerous fungal species, including Aspergillus flavus. This is especially relevant since A. flavus infects crops of agricultural importance worldwide, contaminating them with potent mycotoxins. The most well-known are aflatoxins, which are cytotoxic and carcinogenic polyketide compounds. The production of aflatoxins and the expression of genes implicated in the production of these mycotoxins are veA dependent. The genes responsible for the synthesis of aflatoxins are clustered, a signature common for genes involved in fungal secondary metabolism. Studies of the A. flavus genome revealed many gene clusters possibly connected to the synthesis of secondary metabolites. Many of these metabolites are still unknown, or the association between a known metabolite and a particular gene cluster has not yet been established. In the present transcriptome study, we show that veA is necessary for the expression of a large number of genes. Twenty-eight out of the predicted 56 secondary metabolite gene clusters include at least one gene that is differentially expressed depending on presence or absence of veA. One of the clusters under the influence of veA is cluster 39. The absence of veA results in a downregulation of the five genes found within this cluster. Interestingly, our results indicate that the cluster is expressed mainly in sclerotia. Chemical analysis of sclerotial extracts revealed that cluster 39 is responsible for the production of aflavarin.	1
Title: Isolation and Structure Elucidation of Fujikurins A-D: Products of the PKS19 Gene Cluster in Fusarium fujikuroi Abstract: Fusarium fujikuroi is a member of the Gibberella fujikuroi species complex and well known for the production of gibberellins and mycotoxins including fusarins and fusaric acid. A recent genome sequencing study revealed that the fungus has the genetic potential to produce many more secondary metabolites than have been reported. This paper describes the structure elucidation of the products of the cryptic and silent PKS19 gene cluster that were recently identified (fujikurins A-D). We present the complete NMR data for the structure elucidation of the main compound fujikurin D, which shows tautomeric 1,3-diketo elements. The different tautomeric structures could be confirmed using quantum chemical calculations. Additionally, the structures of the minor compounds fujikurins A-C were elucidated by high-resolution mass spectrometric fragmentation experiments. It emerged that fujikurin A was identical to the bioactive compound CR377 of the taxonomically unclassified Fusarium strain CR377, while fujikurins B-D have not been reported from other fungi.	1
Title: Class of cyclic ribosomal peptide synthetic genes in filamentous fungi Abstract: Ustiloxins were found recently to be the first example of cyclic peptidyl secondary metabolites that are ribosomally synthesized in filamentous fungi. In this work, two function-unknown genes (ustYa/ustYb) in the gene cluster for ustiloxins from Aspergillus flavus were found experimentally to be involved in cyclization of the peptide. Their homologous genes are observed mainly in filamentous fungi and mushrooms. They have two "HXXHC" motifs that might form active sites. Computational genome analyses showed that these genes are frequently located near candidate genes for ribosomal peptide precursors, which have signal peptides at the N-termini and repeated sequences with core peptides for the cyclic portions, in the genomes of filamentous fungi, particularly Aspergilli, as observed in the ustiloxin gene cluster. Based on the combination of the ustYa/ustYb homologous genes and the nearby ribosomal peptide precursor candidate genes, 94 ribosomal peptide precursor candidates that were identified computationally from Aspergilli genome sequences were classified into more than 40 types including a wide variety of core peptide sequences. A set of the predicted ribosomal peptide biosynthetic genes was experimentally verified to synthesize a new cyclic peptide compound, designated as asperipin-2a, which comprises the amino acid sequence in the corresponding precursor gene, distinct from the ustiloxin precursors.	1
Title: Molecular genetics of naringenin biosynthesis, a typical plant secondary metabolite produced by Streptomyces clavuligerus Abstract: Background:                       Some types of flavonoid intermediates seemed to be restricted to plants. Naringenin is a typical plant metabolite, that has never been reported to be produced in prokariotes. Naringenin is formed by the action of a chalcone synthase using as starter 4-coumaroyl-CoA, which in dicotyledonous plants derives from phenylalanine by the action of a phenylalanine ammonia lyase.                  Results:                       A compound produced by Streptomyces clavuligerus has been identified by LC-MS and NMR as naringenin and coelutes in HPLC with a naringenin standard. Genome mining of S. clavuligerus revealed the presence of a gene for a chalcone synthase (ncs), side by side to a gene encoding a P450 cytochrome (ncyP) and separated from a gene encoding a Pal/Tal ammonia lyase (tal). Deletion of any of these genes results in naringenin non producer mutants. Complementation with the deleted gene restores naringenin production in the transformants. Furthermore, naringenin production increases in cultures supplemented with phenylalanine or tyrosine.                  Conclusion:                       This is the first time that naringenin is reported to be produced naturally in a prokariote. Interestingly three non-clustered genes are involved in naringenin production, which is unusual for secondary metabolites. A tentative pathway for naringenin biosynthesis has been proposed.	1
Title: Structural Characterization and Bioactivity Analysis of the Two-Component Lantibiotic Flv System from a Ruminant Bacterium Abstract: The discovery of new ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide natural products (RiPPs) has greatly benefitted from the influx of genomic information. The lanthipeptides are a subset of this class of compounds. Adopting the genome-mining approach revealed a novel lanthipeptide gene cluster encoded in the genome of Ruminococcus flavefaciens FD-1, an anaerobic bacterium that is an important member of the rumen microbiota of livestock. The post-translationally modified peptides were produced via heterologous expression in Escherichia coli. Subsequent structural characterization and assessment of their bioactivity revealed features reminiscent of and distinct from previously reported lanthipeptides. The lanthipeptides of R. flavefaciens FD-1 represent a unique example within two-component lanthipeptides, consisting of a highly conserved α-peptide and a diverse set of eight β-peptides.	1
Title: Evidence and characterization of a gene cluster required for the production of viscosin, a lipopeptide biosurfactant, by a strain of Pseudomonas fluorescens Abstract: The genetic control of viscosin production was examined in a strain of Pseudomonas fluorescens (PfA7B) that causes broccoli head rot. Viscosin is a potent lipopeptide biosurfactant that enables the bacteria to come into intimate contact with the difficult-to-wet waxy heads of broccoli. Tn5 mutagenesis completely disrupted viscosin production as shown by HPLC analysis of the mutagenized cell lysates. The Vis- mutants retained their pectolytic capability and were able to decay potato slices. On broccoli, however, the Vis- mutants caused decay of wounded florets, but the decay failed to spread to adjacent nonwounded florets as had occurred with the wild-type PfA7B. Triparental matings of the Vis- mutants with their corresponding wild-type clones and the helper Escherichia coli HB101 carrying the mobilization plasmid pPK2013 resulted in three stable viscosin-producing transconjugants that caused typical decay of broccoli tissue. Linkage maps of clones and protein profiles showed that a 25-kb chromosomal DNA region of PfA7B affected the production of three high molecular mass proteins required for viscosin synthesis. These proteins, approximately 218, 215, and 137 kDa in size, likely compose a synthetase complex that assembles the nine amino acid peptide of viscosin and subsequently attaches this to the hydrophobic fatty acid component of the molecule. A probe made from this DNA region hybridized with DNA fragments of other phytopathogenic pseudomonads to varying degrees.	1
Title: An effective strategy for exploring unknown metabolic pathways by genome mining Abstract: Plants allocate an estimated 15-25% of their proteome to specialized metabolic pathways that remain largely uncharacterized. Here, we describe a genome mining strategy for exploring such unknown pathways and demonstrate this approach for triterpenoids by functionally characterizing three cytochrome P450s from Arabidopsis thaliana . Building on proven methods for characterizing oxidosqualene cyclases, we heterologously expressed in yeast known cyclases with candidate P450s chosen from gene clustering and microarray coexpression patterns. The yeast cultures produced mg/L amounts of plant metabolites in vivo without the complex phytochemical background of plant extracts. Despite this simplification, the product multiplicity and novelty overwhelmed analytical efforts by MS methods. HSQC analysis overcame this problem. Side-by-side HSQC comparisons of crude P450 extracts against a control resolved even minor P450 products among ~100 other yeast metabolites spanning a dynamic range of >10,000:1. HSQC and GC-MS then jointly guided purification and structure determination by classical NMR methods. Including our present results for P450 oxidation of thalianol, arabidiol, and marneral, the metabolic fate for most of the major triterpene synthase products in Arabidopsis is now at least partially known.	1
Title: Investigation of terpene diversification across multiple sequenced plant genomes Abstract: Plants produce an array of specialized metabolites, including chemicals that are important as medicines, flavors, fragrances, pigments and insecticides. The vast majority of this metabolic diversity is untapped. Here we take a systematic approach toward dissecting genetic components of plant specialized metabolism. Focusing on the terpenes, the largest class of plant natural products, we investigate the basis of terpene diversity through analysis of multiple sequenced plant genomes. The primary drivers of terpene diversification are terpenoid synthase (TS) "signature" enzymes (which generate scaffold diversity), and cytochromes P450 (CYPs), which modify and further diversify these scaffolds, so paving the way for further downstream modifications. Our systematic search of sequenced plant genomes for all TS and CYP genes reveals that distinct TS/CYP gene pairs are found together far more commonly than would be expected by chance, and that certain TS/CYP pairings predominate, providing signals for key events that are likely to have shaped terpene diversity. We recover TS/CYP gene pairs for previously characterized terpene metabolic gene clusters and demonstrate new functional pairing of TSs and CYPs within previously uncharacterized clusters. Unexpectedly, we find evidence for different mechanisms of pathway assembly in eudicots and monocots; in the former, microsyntenic blocks of TS/CYP gene pairs duplicate and provide templates for the evolution of new pathways, whereas in the latter, new pathways arise by mixing and matching of individual TS and CYP genes through dynamic genome rearrangements. This is, to our knowledge, the first documented observation of the unique pattern of TS and CYP assembly in eudicots and monocots.	1
Title: A metabolic gene cluster in Lotus japonicus discloses novel enzyme functions and products in triterpene biosynthesis Abstract: Genes for triterpene biosynthetic pathways exist as metabolic gene clusters in oat and Arabidopsis thaliana plants. We characterized the presence of an analogous gene cluster in the model legume Lotus japonicus. In the genomic regions flanking the oxidosqualene cyclase AMY2 gene, genes for two different classes of cytochrome P450 and a gene predicted to encode a reductase were identified. Functional characterization of the cluster genes was pursued by heterologous expression in Nicotiana benthamiana. The gene expression pattern was studied under different developmental and environmental conditions. The physiological role of the gene cluster in nodulation and plant development was studied in knockdown experiments. A novel triterpene structure, dihydrolupeol, was produced by AMY2. A new plant cytochrome P450, CYP71D353, which catalyses the formation of 20-hydroxybetulinic acid in a sequential three-step oxidation of 20-hydroxylupeol was characterized. The genes within the cluster are highly co-expressed during root and nodule development, in hormone-treated plants and under various environmental stresses. A transcriptional gene silencing mechanism that appears to be involved in the regulation of the cluster genes was also revealed. A tightly co-regulated cluster of functionally related genes is involved in legume triterpene biosynthesis, with a possible role in plant development.	1
Title: Evolution of a complex locus for terpene biosynthesis in solanum Abstract: Functional gene clusters, containing two or more genes encoding different enzymes for the same pathway, are sometimes observed in plant genomes, most often when the genes specify the synthesis of specialized defensive metabolites. Here, we show that a cluster of genes in tomato (Solanum lycopersicum; Solanaceae) contains genes for terpene synthases (TPSs) that specify the synthesis of monoterpenes and diterpenes from cis-prenyl diphosphates, substrates that are synthesized by enzymes encoded by cis-prenyl transferase (CPT) genes also located within the same cluster. The monoterpene synthase genes in the cluster likely evolved from a diterpene synthase gene in the cluster by duplication and divergence. In the orthologous cluster in Solanum habrochaites, a new sesquiterpene synthase gene was created by a duplication event of a monoterpene synthase followed by a localized gene conversion event directed by a diterpene synthase gene. The TPS genes in the Solanum cluster encoding cis-prenyl diphosphate-utilizing enzymes are closely related to a tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum; Solanaceae) diterpene synthase encoding Z-abienol synthase (Nt-ABS). Nt-ABS uses the substrate copal-8-ol diphosphate, which is made from the all-trans geranylgeranyl diphosphate by copal-8-ol diphosphate synthase (Nt-CPS2). The Solanum gene cluster also contains an ortholog of Nt-CPS2, but it appears to encode a nonfunctional protein. Thus, the Solanum functional gene cluster evolved by duplication and divergence of TPS genes, together with alterations in substrate specificity to utilize cis-prenyl diphosphates and through the acquisition of CPT genes.	1
Title: A Papaver somniferum 10-gene cluster for synthesis of the anticancer alkaloid noscapine Abstract: Noscapine is an antitumor alkaloid from opium poppy that binds tubulin, arrests metaphase, and induces apoptosis in dividing human cells. Elucidation of the biosynthetic pathway will enable improvement in the commercial production of noscapine and related bioactive molecules. Transcriptomic analysis revealed the exclusive expression of 10 genes encoding five distinct enzyme classes in a high noscapine-producing poppy variety, HN1. Analysis of an F(2) mapping population indicated that these genes are tightly linked in HN1, and bacterial artificial chromosome sequencing confirmed that they exist as a complex gene cluster for plant alkaloids. Virus-induced gene silencing resulted in accumulation of pathway intermediates, allowing gene function to be linked to noscapine synthesis and a novel biosynthetic pathway to be proposed.	1
Title: Total Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Rakicidin A and Discovery of a Simplified Bioactive Analogue Abstract: We report a concise asymmetric synthesis of rakicidin A, a macrocyclic depsipeptide that selectively inhibits the growth of hypoxic cancer cells and stem-like leukemia cells. Key transformations include a diastereoselective organocatalytic cross-aldol reaction to build the polyketide portion of the molecule, a highly hindered ester fragment coupling reaction, an efficient Helquist-type Horner-Wadsworth-Emmons (HWE) macrocyclization, and a new DSC-mediated elimination reaction to construct the sensitive APD portion of rakicidin A. We further report the preparation of a simplified structural analogue (WY1) with dramatically enhanced hypoxia-selective activity.	1
Title: Synthesis of ent-BE-43547A1 reveals a potent hypoxia-selective anticancer agent and uncovers the biosynthetic origin of the APD-CLD natural products Abstract: Tumour hypoxia is speculated to be a key driver of therapeutic resistance and metastatic dissemination. Consequently, the discovery of new potent agents that selectively target the hypoxic cell population may reveal new and untapped antitumour mechanisms. Here we demonstrate that the BE-43547 subclass of the APD-CLD (amidopentadienoate-containing cyclolipodepsipeptides) natural products possesses highly hypoxia-selective growth-inhibitory activity against pancreatic cancer cells. To enable this discovery, we have developed the first synthesis of the BE-43547-macrocyclic scaffold in 16 steps (longest linear sequence), which also allowed access to the full panel of relative stereoisomers and ultimately to the assignment of stereochemical configuration. Discrepancies between the spectroscopic signatures of the synthetic compounds with that originally reported for the BE-43547 members stimulated us to re-isolate the natural product from a BE-43547-producing microorganism during which we elucidated the biosynthetic gene clusters for the BE-43547 family as well as for all other known APD-CLDs. Our studies underline the exciting possibilities for the further development of the anticancer activities of these natural products.	1
Title: Strain-specific proteogenomics accelerates the discovery of natural products via their biosynthetic pathways Abstract: The use of proteomics for direct detection of expressed pathways producing natural products has yielded many new compounds, even when used in a screening mode without a bacterial genome sequence available. Here we quantify the advantages of having draft DNA-sequence available for strain-specific proteomics using the latest in ultrahigh-resolution mass spectrometry for both proteins and the small molecules they generate. Using the draft sequence of Streptomyces lilacinus NRRL B-1968, we show a >tenfold increase in the number of peptide identifications vs. using publicly available databases. Detected in this strain were six expressed gene clusters with varying homology to those known. To date, we have identified three of these clusters as encoding for the production of griseobactin (known), rakicidin D (an orphan NRPS/PKS hybrid cluster), and a putative thr and DHB-containing siderophore produced by a new non-ribosomal peptide sythetase gene cluster. The remaining three clusters show lower homology to those known, and likely encode enzymes for production of novel compounds. Using an interpreted strain-specific DNA sequence enables deep proteomics for the detection of multiple pathways and their encoded natural products in a single cultured bacterium.	1
Title: Cloning and characterization of an environmental DNA-derived gene cluster that encodes the biosynthesis of the antitumor substance BE-54017 Abstract: Soil is predicted to contain thousands of unique bacterial species per gram. Soil DNA libraries represent large reservoirs of biosynthetic diversity from which diverse secondary metabolite gene clusters can be recovered and studied. The screening of an archived soil DNA library using primers designed to target oxytryptophan dimerization genes allowed us to identify and functionally characterize the first indolotryptoline biosynthetic gene cluster. The recovery and heterologous expression of an environmental DNA-derived gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the antitumor substance BE-54017 is reported here. Transposon mutagenesis identified two monooxygenases, AbeX1 and AbeX2, as being responsible for the transformation of an indolocarbazole precursor into the indolotryptoline core of BE-54017.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster for the cladoniamides, bis-indoles with a rearranged scaffold Abstract: The cladoniamides are bis-indole alkaloids isolated from Streptomyces uncialis, a lichen-associated actinomycete strain. The cladoniamides have an unusual, indenotryptoline structure rarely observed among bis-indole alkaloids. I report here the isolation, sequencing, and annotation of the cladoniamide biosynthetic gene cluster and compare it to the recently published gene cluster for BE-54017, a closely related indenotryptoline natural product. The cladoniamide gene cluster differs from the BE-54017 gene cluster in gene organization and in the absence of one N-methyltransferase gene but otherwise contains close homologs to all genes in the BE-54017 cluster. Both gene clusters encode enzymes needed for the construction of an indolocarbazole core, as well as flavin-dependent enzymes putatively involved in generating the indenotryptoline scaffold from an indolocarbazole. These two bis-indolic gene clusters exemplify the diversity of biosynthetic routes that begin from the oxidative dimerization of two molecules of L-tryptophan, highlight enzymes for further study, and provide new opportunities for combinatorial engineering.	1
Title: Discovery of indolotryptoline antiproliferative agents by homology-guided metagenomic screening Abstract: Natural product discovery by random screening of broth extracts derived from cultured bacteria often suffers from high rates of redundant isolation, making it ever more challenging to identify novel biologically interesting natural products. Here we show that homology-based screening of soil metagenomes can be used to specifically target the discovery of new members of traditionally rare, biomedically relevant natural product families. Phylogenetic analysis of oxy-tryptophan dimerization gene homologs found within a large soil DNA library enabled the identification and recovery of a unique tryptophan dimerization biosynthetic gene cluster, which we have termed the bor cluster. When heterologously expressed in Streptomyces albus, this cluster produced an indolotryptoline antiproliferative agent with CaMKIIδ kinase inhibitory activity (borregomycin A), along with several dihydroxyindolocarbazole anticancer/antibiotics (borregomycins B-D). Similar homology-based screening of large environmental DNA libraries is likely to permit the directed discovery of new members within other previously rare families of bioactive natural products.	1
Title: Discovery and synthetic refactoring of tryptophan dimer gene clusters from the environment Abstract: Here we investigate bacterial tryptophan dimer (TD) biosynthesis by probing environmental DNA (eDNA) libraries for chromopyrrolic acid (CPA) synthase genes. Functional and bioinformatics analyses of TD clusters indicate that CPA synthase gene sequences diverge in concert with the functional output of their respective clusters, making this gene a powerful tool for guiding the discovery of novel TDs from the environment. Twelve unprecedented TD biosynthetic gene clusters that can be arranged into five groups (A-E) based on their ability to generate distinct TD core substructures were recovered from eDNA libraries. Four of these groups contain clusters from both cultured and culture independent studies, while the remaining group consists entirely of eDNA-derived clusters. The complete synthetic refactoring of a representative gene cluster from the latter eDNA specific group led to the characterization of the erdasporines, cytotoxins with a novel carboxy-indolocarbazole TD substructure. Analysis of CPA synthase genes in crude eDNA suggests the presence of additional TD gene clusters in soil environments.	1
Title: Yeast homologous recombination-based promoter engineering for the activation of silent natural product biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: Large-scale sequencing of prokaryotic (meta)genomic DNA suggests that most bacterial natural product gene clusters are not expressed under common laboratory culture conditions. Silent gene clusters represent a promising resource for natural product discovery and the development of a new generation of therapeutics. Unfortunately, the characterization of molecules encoded by these clusters is hampered owing to our inability to express these gene clusters in the laboratory. To address this bottleneck, we have developed a promoter-engineering platform to transcriptionally activate silent gene clusters in a model heterologous host. Our approach uses yeast homologous recombination, an auxotrophy complementation-based yeast selection system and sequence orthogonal promoter cassettes to exchange all native promoters in silent gene clusters with constitutively active promoters. As part of this platform, we constructed and validated a set of bidirectional promoter cassettes consisting of orthogonal promoter sequences, Streptomyces ribosome binding sites, and yeast selectable marker genes. Using these tools we demonstrate the ability to simultaneously insert multiple promoter cassettes into a gene cluster, thereby expediting the reengineering process. We apply this method to model active and silent gene clusters (rebeccamycin and tetarimycin) and to the silent, cryptic pseudogene-containing, environmental DNA-derived Lzr gene cluster. Complete promoter refactoring and targeted gene exchange in this "dead" cluster led to the discovery of potent indolotryptoline antiproliferative agents, lazarimides A and B. This potentially scalable and cost-effective promoter reengineering platform should streamline the discovery of natural products from silent natural product biosynthetic gene clusters.	1
Title: Heterologous Production of Fungal Maleidrides Reveals the Cryptic Cyclization Involved in their Biosynthesis Abstract: Fungal maleidrides are an important family of bioactive secondary metabolites that consist of 7, 8, or 9-membered carbocycles with one or two fused maleic anhydride moieties. The biosynthesis of byssochlamic acid (a nonadride) and agnestadride A (a heptadride) was investigated through gene disruption and heterologous expression experiments. The results reveal that the precursors for cyclization are formed by an iterative highly reducing fungal polyketide synthase supported by a hydrolase, together with two citrate-processing enzymes. The enigmatic ring formation is catalyzed by two proteins with homology to ketosteroid isomerases, and assisted by two proteins with homology to phosphatidylethanolamine-binding proteins.	1
Title: Novel nonadride, heptadride and maleic acid metabolites from the byssochlamic acid producer Byssochlamys fulva IMI 40021 - an insight into the biosynthesis of maleidrides Abstract: The filamentous fungus Byssochlamys fulva strain IMI 40021 produces (+)-byssochlamic acid 1, its novel dihydroanalogue 2 and four related secondary metabolites. Agnestadrides A, 17 and B, 18 constitute a novel class of seven-membered ring, maleic anhydride-containing (hence termed heptadride) natural products. The putative maleic anhydride precursor 5 for both nonadride and heptadride biosynthesis was isolated as a fermentation product for the first time and its structure confirmed by synthesis. Acid 5 undergoes facile decarboxylation to anhydride 6. The generic term maleidrides is proposed to encompass biosynthetically-related compounds containing maleic anhydride moieties fused to an alicyclic ring, varying in size and substituents.	1
Title: Structural Insights into Anthranilate Priming during Type II Polyketide Biosynthesis Abstract: The incorporation of nonacetate starter units during type II polyketide biosynthesis helps diversify natural products. Currently, there are few enzymatic strategies for the incorporation of nonacetate starter units in type II polyketide synthase (PKS) pathways. Here we report the crystal structure of AuaEII, the anthranilate:CoA ligase responsible for the generation of anthraniloyl-CoA, which is used as a starter unit by a type II PKS in aurachin biosynthesis. We present structural and protein sequence comparisons to other aryl:CoA ligases. We also compare the AuaEII crystal structure to a model of a CoA ligase homologue, AuaE, which is present in the same gene cluster. AuaE is predicted to have the same fold as AuaEII, but instead of CoA ligation, AuaE catalyzes acyl transfer of anthranilate from anthraniloyl-CoA to the acyl carrier protein (ACP). Together, this work provides insight into the molecular basis for starter unit selection of anthranilate in type II PKS biosynthesis.	1
Title: Discovery of 23 natural tubulysins from Angiococcus disciformis An d48 and Cystobacter SBCb004 Abstract: The tubulysins are a family of complex peptides with promising cytotoxic activity against multi-drug-resistant tumors. To date, ten tubulysins have been described from the myxobacterial strains Angiococcus disciformis An d48 and Archangium gephyra Ar 315. We report here a third producing strain, Cystobacter sp. SBCb004. Comparison of the tubulysin biosynthetic gene clusters in SBCb004 and An d48 reveals a conserved architecture, allowing the assignment of cluster boundaries. A SBCb004 strain containing a mutant in the putative cyclodeaminase gene tubZ accumulates pretubulysin A, the proposed first enzyme-free intermediate in the pathway, whose structure we confirm by NMR. We further show, using a combination of feeding studies and structure elucidation by NMR and high-resolution tandem mass spectrometry, that SBCb004 and An d48 together biosynthesize 22 additional tubulysin derivatives. These data reveal the inherently diversity-oriented nature of the tubulysin biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Heterologous expression and genetic engineering of the tubulysin biosynthetic gene cluster using Red/ET recombineering and inactivation mutagenesis Abstract: Although the tubulysin (tub) biosynthetic gene cluster has been located in two myxobacterial strains, it appears in both cases to be incomplete as obvious candidates for acyl transfer and oxidation functions are lacking. Here, we report the engineering of a heterologous expression system for the tub biosynthetic pathway from strain Cystobacter sp. SBCb004. The entire tub core cluster was reconstituted from two cosmids using Red/ET recombineering and heterologous expression achieved in strains Pseudomonas putida and Myxococcus xanthus. Availability of the heterologous expression system and the natural producer strain SBCb004 provided a platform for the functional investigation of various biosynthetic genes by targeted inactivation. In addition, BLAST analysis of SBCb004 genome data was used to identify multiple candidate monooxygenases, whose involvement in tubulysin assembly was evaluated using a combination of knockout mutagenesis and heterologous expression.	1
Title: In vitro reconstitution of the myxochelin biosynthetic machinery of Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15: Biochemical characterization of a reductive release mechanism from nonribosomal peptide synthetases Abstract: Microorganisms produce iron-chelating compounds to sequester the iron essential for growth from the environment. Many of these compounds are biosynthesized by nonribosomal peptide synthetases, some in cooperation with polyketide synthases. Myxochelins are produced by the myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15, and the corresponding gene cluster was cloned recently. We have undertaken to express heterologously the myxochelin biosynthetic machinery in Escherichia coli. To activate the involved proteins posttranslationally, they were coexpressed with the phosphopantetheinyltransferase MtaA from the myxothiazol biosynthetic gene cluster. Phosphopantetheinylation of the carrier proteins could be verified by protein mass analysis. Six active domains in proteins MxcE, MxcF, and MxcG are capable of assembling myxochelin from ATP, NAD(P)H, lysine, and 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid in vitro. This fact demonstrates that the condensation domain of MxcG performs two condensation reactions, creating the aryl-capped alpha-amide and the aryl-capped gamma-amide of the molecule. A previously unknown type of reductive release is performed by the reduction domain of MxcG, which alternatively uses NADPH and NADH to set free the peptidyl-carrier protein-bound thioester as an aldehyde and further reduces it to the alcohol structure that can be found in myxochelin A. This type of reductive release seems to be a general mechanism in polyketide and nonribosomal peptide biosynthesis, because several systems with C-terminal similarity to the reductase domain of MxcG can be found in the databases. Alternatively, the aldehyde can be transaminated, giving rise to a terminal amine.	1
Title: Myxochelin biosynthesis: direct evidence for two- and four-electron reduction of a carrier protein-bound thioester Abstract: Microorganisms produce small molecules known as siderophores to scavenge iron from the environment. Insight into iron acquisition in myxobacteria has been provided recently by the sequencing of the gene cluster for the catecholate myxochelins A and B, from the myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15. The gene cluster contains enzymes (MxcCDEF) for assembly of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid (DHBA), an amino transferase, MxcL, and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) subunit, MxcG. In the proposed pathway to the myxochelins, two molecules of DHBA are condensed with the two amino groups of lysine, which is itself tethered to the peptidyl carrier protein domain (PCP) of MxcG. The resulting thioester is then reduced by the NADPH-dependent reductase (Red) domain of MxcG to generate an aldehyde intermediate; subsequent Red-catalyzed reduction yields myxochelin A, while transamination by MxcL produces myxochelin B. Although myxochelin A has been obtained successfully in vitro, it has not been possible to date to reconstitute the transamination reaction to give myxochelin B nor to unequivocally establish the intermediacy of the aldehyde. We report here the successful biosynthesis of myxochelin B in vitro. Furthermore, we demonstrate for the first time the existence of an aldehyde intermediate in the four-electron reduction of a PCP-bound thioester. Finally, we show that the relative levels of myxochelin A and B are likely to be controlled by the direct competition of MxcL and the MxcG Red domain for a free aldehyde intermediate.	1
Title: Indexing the Pseudomonas specialized metabolome enabled the discovery of poaeamide B and the bananamides Abstract: Pseudomonads are cosmopolitan microorganisms able to produce a wide array of specialized metabolites. These molecules allow Pseudomonas to scavenge nutrients, sense population density and enhance or inhibit growth of competing microorganisms. However, these valuable metabolites are typically characterized one-molecule-one-microbe at a time, instead of being inventoried in large numbers. To index and map the diversity of molecules detected from these organisms, 260 strains of ecologically diverse origins were subjected to mass-spectrometry-based molecular networking. Molecular networking not only enables dereplication of molecules, but also sheds light on their structural relationships. Moreover, it accelerates the discovery of new molecules. Here, by indexing the Pseudomonas specialized metabolome, we report the molecular-networking-based discovery of four molecules and their evolutionary relationships: a poaeamide analogue and a molecular subfamily of cyclic lipopeptides, bananamides 1, 2 and 3. Analysis of their biosynthetic gene cluster shows that it constitutes a distinct evolutionary branch of the Pseudomonas cyclic lipopeptides. Through analysis of an additional 370 extracts of wheat-associated Pseudomonas, we demonstrate how the detailed knowledge from our reference index can be efficiently propagated to annotate complex metabolomic data from other studies, akin to the way in which newly generated genomic information can be compared to data from public databases.	1
Title: Biological characterization of the hygrobafilomycin antibiotic JBIR-100 and bioinformatic insights into the hygrolide family of natural products Abstract: The hygrolides, a family of 16-member-ring-containing plecomacrolides produced by Actinobacteria, exhibit numerous reported bioactivities. Using HR-MS/MS, nucleophilic 1,4-addition-based labeling, NMR, and bioinformatic analysis, we identified Streptomyces varsoviensis as a novel producer of JBIR-100, a fumarate-containing hygrolide, and elucidated the previously unknown stereochemistry of the natural product. We investigated the antimicrobial activity of JBIR-100, with preliminary insight into mode of action indicating that it perturbs the membrane of Bacillus subtilis. S. varsoviensis is known to produce compounds from multiple hygrolide sub-families, namely hygrobafilomycins (JBIR-100 and hygrobafilomycin) and bafilomycins (bafilomycin C1 and D). In light of this, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster for JBIR-100, which, to our knowledge, represents the first reported for a hygrobafilomycin. Finally, we performed a bioinformatic analysis of the hygrolide family, describing clusters from known and predicted producers. Our results indicate that potential remains for the Actinobacteria to yield novel hygrolide congeners, perhaps with differing biological activities.	1
Title: Characterization of Heronamide Biosynthesis Reveals a Tailoring Hydroxylase and Indicates Migrated Double Bonds Abstract: Heronamides belong to a growing family of β-amino acid polyketide macrolactams (βPMs) with an unsaturated side chain. The biosynthetic gene cluster for heronamide F was identified from the deep-sea-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 03032. The involvement of the gene cluster in heronamide biosynthesis was confirmed by the functional characterization of the P450 enzyme HerO as an 8-hydroxylase for tailoring heronamide biosynthesis. The presence of migrated double bonds in the conjugated diene-containing side chain of heronamides was confirmed by feeding experiments with labeled small carboxylic acid molecules. This study is the first demonstration of migrated double bonds in βPMs with an unsaturated side chain.	1
Title: The Phormidolide Biosynthetic Gene Cluster: A trans-AT PKS Pathway Encoding a Toxic Macrocyclic Polyketide Abstract: Phormidolide is a polyketide produced by a cultured filamentous marine cyanobacterium and incorporates a 16-membered macrolactone. Its complex structure is recognizably derived from a polyketide synthase pathway, but possesses unique and intriguing structural features that prompted interest in investigating its biosynthetic origin. Stable isotope incorporation experiments confirmed the polyketide nature of this compound. We further characterized the phormidolide gene cluster (phm) through genome sequencing followed by bioinformatic analysis. Two discrete trans-type acyltransferase (trans-AT) ORFs along with KS-AT adaptor regions (ATd) within the polyketide synthase (PKS) megasynthases, suggest that the phormidolide gene cluster is a trans-AT PKS. Insights gained from analysis of the mode of acetate incorporation and ensuing keto reduction prompted our reevaluation of the stereochemistry of phormidolide hydroxy groups located along the linear polyketide chain.	1
Title: Discovery of cahuitamycins as biofilm inhibitors derived from a convergent biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Pathogenic microorganisms often have the ability to attach to a surface, building a complex matrix where they colonize to form a biofilm. This cellular superstructure can display increased resistance to antibiotics and cause serious, persistent health problems in humans. Here we describe a high-throughput in vitro screen to identify inhibitors of Acinetobacter baumannii biofilms using a library of natural product extracts derived from marine microbes. Analysis of extracts derived from Streptomyces gandocaensis results in the discovery of three peptidic metabolites (cahuitamycins A-C), with cahuitamycin C being the most effective inhibitor (IC50=14.5 μM). Biosynthesis of cahuitamycin C proceeds via a convergent biosynthetic pathway, with one of the steps apparently being catalysed by an unlinked gene encoding a 6-methylsalicylate synthase. Efforts to assess starter unit diversification through selective mutasynthesis lead to production of unnatural analogues cahuitamycins D and E of increased potency (IC50=8.4 and 10.5 μM).	1
Title: Insights into the Unique Phosphorylation of the Lasso Peptide Paeninodin Abstract: Lasso peptides are a new class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides and thus far are only isolated from proteo- and actinobacterial sources. Typically, lasso peptide biosynthetic gene clusters encode enzymes for biosynthesis and export but not for tailoring. Here, we describe the isolation of the novel lasso peptide paeninodin from the firmicute Paenibacillus dendritiformis C454 and reveal within its biosynthetic cluster a gene encoding a kinase, which we have characterized as a member of a new class of lasso peptide-tailoring kinases. By employing a wide variety of peptide substrates, it was shown that this novel type of kinase specifically phosphorylates the C-terminal serine residue while ignoring those located elsewhere. These experiments also reveal that no other recognition motif is needed for efficient enzymatic phosphorylation of the C-terminal serine. Furthermore, through comparison with homologous HPr kinases and subsequent mutational analysis, we confirmed the essential catalytic residues. Our study reveals how lasso peptides are chemically diversified and sets the foundation for rational engineering of these intriguing natural products.	1
Title: Effects of Halide Ions on the Carbamidocyclophane Biosynthesis in Nostoc sp. CAVN2 Abstract: In this study, the influence of halide ions on [7.7]paracyclophane biosynthesis in the cyanobacterium Nostoc sp. CAVN2 was investigated. In contrast to KI and KF, supplementation of the culture medium with KCl or KBr resulted not only in an increase of growth but also in an up-regulation of carbamidocyclophane production. LC-MS analysis indicated the presence of chlorinated, brominated, but also non-halogenated derivatives. In addition to 22 known cylindrocyclophanes and carbamidocyclophanes, 27 putative congeners have been detected. Nine compounds, carbamidocyclophanes M-U, were isolated, and their structural elucidation by 1D and 2D NMR experiments in combination with HRMS and ECD analysis revealed that they are brominated analogues of chlorinated carbamidocyclophanes. Quantification of the carbamidocyclophanes showed that chloride is the preferably utilized halide, but incorporation is reduced in the presence of bromide. Evaluation of the antibacterial activity of 30 [7.7]paracyclophanes and related derivatives against selected pathogenic Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria exhibited remarkable effects especially against methicillin- and vancomycin-resistant staphylococci and Mycobacterium tuberculosis. For deeper insights into the mechanisms of biosynthesis, the carbamidocyclophane biosynthetic gene cluster in Nostoc sp. CAVN2 was studied. The gene putatively coding for the carbamoyltransferase has been identified. Based on bioinformatic analyses, a possible biosynthetic assembly is discussed.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Antibiotic Leucinostatins in Bio-control Fungus Purpureocillium lilacinum and Their Inhibition on Phytophthora Revealed by Genome Mining Abstract: Purpureocillium lilacinum of Ophiocordycipitaceae is one of the most promising and commercialized agents for controlling plant parasitic nematodes, as well as other insects and plant pathogens. However, how the fungus functions at the molecular level remains unknown. Here, we sequenced two isolates (PLBJ-1 and PLFJ-1) of P. lilacinum from different places Beijing and Fujian. Genomic analysis showed high synteny of the two isolates, and the phylogenetic analysis indicated they were most related to the insect pathogen Tolypocladium inflatum. A comparison with other species revealed that this fungus was enriched in carbohydrate-active enzymes (CAZymes), proteases and pathogenesis related genes. Whole genome search revealed a rich repertoire of secondary metabolites (SMs) encoding genes. The non-ribosomal peptide synthetase LcsA, which is comprised of ten C-A-PCP modules, was identified as the core biosynthetic gene of lipopeptide leucinostatins, which was specific to P. lilacinum and T. ophioglossoides, as confirmed by phylogenetic analysis. Furthermore, gene expression level was analyzed when PLBJ-1 was grown in leucinostatin-inducing and non-inducing medium, and 20 genes involved in the biosynthesis of leucionostatins were identified. Disruption mutants allowed us to propose a putative biosynthetic pathway of leucinostatin A. Moreover, overexpression of the transcription factor lcsF increased the production (1.5-fold) of leucinostatins A and B compared to wild type. Bioassays explored a new bioactivity of leucinostatins and P. lilacinum: inhibiting the growth of Phytophthora infestans and P. capsici. These results contribute to our understanding of the biosynthetic mechanism of leucinostatins and may allow us to utilize P. lilacinum better as bio-control agent.	1
Title: Identification and Functional Analysis of the Mycophenolic Acid Gene Cluster of Penicillium roqueforti Abstract: The filamentous fungus Penicillium roqueforti is widely known as the ripening agent of blue-veined cheeses. Additionally, this fungus is able to produce several secondary metabolites, including the meroterpenoid compound mycophenolic acid (MPA). Cheeses ripened with P. roqueforti are usually contaminated with MPA. On the other hand, MPA is a commercially valuable immunosuppressant. However, to date the molecular basis of the production of MPA by P. roqueforti is still unknown. Using a bioinformatic approach, we have identified a genomic region of approximately 24.4 kbp containing a seven-gene cluster that may be involved in the MPA biosynthesis in P. roqueforti. Gene silencing of each of these seven genes (named mpaA, mpaB, mpaC, mpaDE, mpaF, mpaG and mpaH) resulted in dramatic reductions in MPA production, confirming that all of these genes are involved in the biosynthesis of the compound. Interestingly, the mpaF gene, originally described in P. brevicompactum as a MPA self-resistance gene, also exerts the same function in P. roqueforti, suggesting that this gene has a dual function in MPA metabolism. The knowledge of the biosynthetic pathway of MPA in P. roqueforti will be important for the future control of MPA contamination in cheeses and the improvement of MPA production for commercial purposes.	1
Title: Analysis of a new cluster of genes involved in the synthesis of the unique volatile organic compound sodorifen of Serratia plymuthica 4Rx13 Abstract: The rhizobacterium Serratia plymuthica 4Rx13 emits the novel and unique volatile sodorifen (C16H26), which has a polymethylated bicyclic structure. Transcriptome analysis revealed that gene SOD_c20750 (annotated as terpene cyclase) is involved in the biosynthesis of sodorifen. Here we show that this gene is located in a small cluster of four genes (SOD_c20750 - SOD_c20780), and the analysis of the knockout mutants demonstrated that SOD_c20760 (annotated as methyltransferase) and SOD_c20780 (annotated as isopentenyl pyrophosphate (IPP) isomerase) are needed for the biosynthesis of sodorifen, while a sodorifen-negative phenotype was not achieved with the SOD_c20770 (annotated as deoxy-xylulose-5-phosphate (DOXP) synthase) mutant. Altogether, the function of this new gene cluster was assigned to the biosynthesis of this structurally unusual volatile compound sodorifen.	1
Title: A Terpene Synthase Is Involved in the Synthesis of the Volatile Organic Compound Sodorifen of Serratia plymuthica 4Rx13 Abstract: Bacteria release a plethora of volatile organic compounds, including compounds with extraordinary structures. Sodorifen (IUPAC name: 1,2,4,5,6,7,8-heptamethyl-3-methylenebicyclo[3.2.1]oct-6-ene) is a recently identified and unusual volatile hydrocarbon that is emitted by the rhizobacterium Serratia plymuthica 4R×13. Sodorifen comprises a bicyclic ring structure solely consisting of carbon and hydrogen atoms, where every carbon atom of the skeleton is substituted with either a methyl or a methylene group. This unusual feature of sodorifen made a prediction of its biosynthetic origin very difficult and so far its biosynthesis is unknown. To unravel the biosynthetic pathway we performed genome and transcriptome analyses to identify candidate genes. One knockout mutant (SOD_c20750) showed the desired negative sodorifen phenotype. Here it was shown for the first time that this gene is indispensable for the synthesis of sodorifen and strongly supports the hypothesis that sodorifen descends from the terpene metabolism. SOD_c20750 is the first bacterial terpene cyclase isolated from Serratia spp. and Enterobacteriales. Homology modeling revealed a 3D structure, which exhibits a functional role of amino acids for intermediate cation stabilization (W325) and putative proton acception (Y332). Moreover, the size and hydrophobicity of the active site strongly indicates that indeed the enzyme may catalyze the unusual compound sodorifen.	1
Title: Isolation and structure determination of a new lantibiotic cinnamycin B from Actinomadura atramentaria based on genome mining Abstract: New lantibiotic cinnamycin B was isolated from the extract of Actinomadura atramentaria NBRC 14695(T), based on genome mining and chemical investigation. The partial structure of cinnamycin B was established by 2D NMR experiments, which indicated that cinnamycin B had same methyl lanthionine bridging pattern with cinnamycin. The reduction with NaBH4-NiCl2 afforded the reduced cinnamycin B, and MS/MS experiment indicated the presence of hydroxy asparatic acid in the molecule. Cinnamycin B showed an antibacterial activity against Streptomyces antibioticus with dosage of 5 μg (0.5μL, 10 mg/mL solution) at spot-on-lawn testing method. The gene cluster of cinnamycin B on the genome of A. atramentaria was identified and discussed in comparison with that of cinnamycin.	1
Title: The Epipolythiodiketopiperazine Gene Cluster in Claviceps purpurea: Dysfunctional Cytochrome P450 Enzyme Prevents Formation of the Previously Unknown Clapurines Abstract: Claviceps purpurea is an important food contaminant and well known for the production of the toxic ergot alkaloids. Apart from that, little is known about its secondary metabolism and not all toxic substances going along with the food contamination with Claviceps are known yet. We explored the metabolite profile of a gene cluster in C. purpurea with a high homology to gene clusters, which are responsible for the formation of epipolythiodiketopiperazine (ETP) toxins in other fungi. By overexpressing the transcription factor, we were able to activate the cluster in the standard C. purpurea strain 20.1. Although all necessary genes for the formation of the characteristic disulfide bridge were expressed in the overexpression mutants, the fungus did not produce any ETPs. Isolation of pathway intermediates showed that the common biosynthetic pathway stops after the first steps. Our results demonstrate that hydroxylation of the diketopiperazine backbone is the critical step during the ETP biosynthesis. Due to a dysfunctional enzyme, the fungus is not able to produce toxic ETPs. Instead, the pathway end-products are new unusual metabolites with a unique nitrogen-sulfur bond. By heterologous expression of the Leptosphaeria maculans cytochrome P450 encoding gene sirC, we were able to identify the end-products of the ETP cluster in C. purpurea. The thioclapurines are so far unknown ETPs, which might contribute to the toxicity of other C. purpurea strains with a potentially intact ETP cluster.	1
Title: Molecular Genetic Characterization of an Anthrabenzoxocinones Gene Cluster in Streptomyces Sp. FJS31-2 for the Biosynthesis of BE-24566B and Zunyimycin Ale Abstract: Genome mining is an effective tool used to discover novel natural products from actinomycetes. Genome sequence analysis of Streptomyces sp. FJS31-2 revealed the presence of one putative type II polyketide gene cluster (ABX), which may correspond to type II polyketide products including BE-24566B and its chloro-derivatives. The addition of natural humus acid successfully activated the biosynthsis of the abx gene cluster. BE-24566B and its chloro-derivatives, named zunyimycin A, were also detected. The targeted deletion of the polyketide skeleton synthesis genes such as abxp, abxk, and abxs was performed in the wild strain to identify the gene cluster for BE-24566B biosynthesis.	1
Title: Isolation and Biosynthetic Analysis of Haliamide, a New PKS-NRPS Hybrid Metabolite from the Marine Myxobacterium Haliangium ochraceum Abstract: Myxobacteria of marine origin are rare and hard-to-culture microorganisms, but they genetically harbor high potential to produce novel antibiotics. An extensive investigation on the secondary metabolome of the unique marine myxobacterium Haliangium ochraceum SMP-2 led to the isolation of a new polyketide-nonribosomal peptide hybrid product, haliamide (1). Its structure was elucidated by spectroscopic analyses including NMR and HR-MS. Haliamide (1) showed cytotoxicity against HeLa-S3 cells with IC50 of 12 μM. Feeding experiments were performed to identify the biosynthetic building blocks of 1, revealing one benzoate, one alanine, two propionates, one acetate and one acetate-derived terminal methylene. The biosynthetic gene cluster of haliamide (hla, 21.7 kbp) was characterized through the genome mining of the producer, allowing us to establish a model for the haliamide biosynthesis. The sulfotransferase (ST)-thioesterase (TE) domains encoded in hlaB appears to be responsible for the terminal alkene formation via decarboxylation.	1
Title: Metabologenomics: Correlation of Microbial Gene Clusters with Metabolites Drives Discovery of a Nonribosomal Peptide with an Unusual Amino Acid Monomer Abstract: For more than half a century the pharmaceutical industry has sifted through natural products produced by microbes, uncovering new scaffolds and fashioning them into a broad range of vital drugs. We sought a strategy to reinvigorate the discovery of natural products with distinctive structures using bacterial genome sequencing combined with metabolomics. By correlating genetic content from 178 actinomycete genomes with mass spectrometry-enabled analyses of their exported metabolomes, we paired new secondary metabolites with their biosynthetic gene clusters. We report the use of this new approach to isolate and characterize tambromycin, a new chlorinated natural product, composed of several nonstandard amino acid monomeric units, including a unique pyrrolidine-containing amino acid we name tambroline. Tambromycin shows antiproliferative activity against cancerous human B- and T-cell lines. The discovery of tambromycin via large-scale correlation of gene clusters with metabolites (a.k.a. metabologenomics) illuminates a path for structure-based discovery of natural products at a sharply increased rate.	1
Title: Natural Product Discovery through Improved Functional Metagenomics in Streptomyces Abstract: Because the majority of environmental bacteria are not easily culturable, access to many bacterially encoded secondary metabolites will be dependent on the development of improved functional metagenomic screening methods. In this study, we examined a collection of diverse Streptomyces species for the best innate ability to heterologously express biosynthetic gene clusters. We then optimized methods for constructing high quality metagenomic cosmid libraries in the best Streptomyces host. An initial screen of a 1.5 million-membered metagenomic library constructed in Streptomyces albus, the species that exhibited the highest propensity for heterologous expression of gene clusters, led to the identification of the novel natural product metatricycloene (1). Metatricycloene is a tricyclic polyene encoded by a reductive, iterative polyketide-like gene cluster. Related gene clusters found in sequenced genomes appear to encode a largely unexplored collection of structurally diverse, polyene-based metabolites.	1
Title: Functional Genome Mining for Metabolites Encoded by Large Gene Clusters through Heterologous Expression of a Whole-Genome Bacterial Artificial Chromosome Library in Streptomyces spp Abstract: Genome sequencing projects in the last decade revealed numerous cryptic biosynthetic pathways for unknown secondary metabolites in microbes, revitalizing drug discovery from microbial metabolites by approaches called genome mining. In this work, we developed a heterologous expression and functional screening approach for genome mining from genomic bacterial artificial chromosome (BAC) libraries in Streptomyces spp. We demonstrate mining from a strain of Streptomyces rochei, which is known to produce streptothricins and borrelidin, by expressing its BAC library in the surrogate host Streptomyces lividans SBT5, and screening for antimicrobial activity. In addition to the successful capture of the streptothricin and borrelidin biosynthetic gene clusters, we discovered two novel linear lipopeptides and their corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster, as well as a novel cryptic gene cluster for an unknown antibiotic from S. rochei This high-throughput functional genome mining approach can be easily applied to other streptomycetes, and it is very suitable for the large-scale screening of genomic BAC libraries for bioactive natural products and the corresponding biosynthetic pathways.                  Importance:                       Microbial genomes encode numerous cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters for unknown small metabolites with potential biological activities. Several genome mining approaches have been developed to activate and bring these cryptic metabolites to biological tests for future drug discovery. Previous sequence-guided procedures relied on bioinformatic analysis to predict potentially interesting biosynthetic gene clusters. In this study, we describe an efficient approach based on heterologous expression and functional screening of a whole-genome library for the mining of bioactive metabolites from Streptomyces The usefulness of this function-driven approach was demonstrated by the capture of four large biosynthetic gene clusters for metabolites of various chemical types, including streptothricins, borrelidin, two novel lipopeptides, and one unknown antibiotic from Streptomyces rochei Sal35. The transfer, expression, and screening of the library were all performed in a high-throughput way, so that this approach is scalable and adaptable to industrial automation for next-generation antibiotic discovery.	1
Title: Echinocandin B biosynthesis: a biosynthetic cluster from Aspergillus nidulans NRRL 8112 and reassembly of the subclusters Ecd and Hty from Aspergillus pachycristatus NRRL 11440 reveals a single coherent gene cluster Abstract: Background:                       Echinocandins are nonribosomal lipopeptides produced by ascommycete fungi. Due to their strong inhibitory effect on fungal cell wall biosynthesis and lack of human toxicity, they have been developed to an important class of antifungal drugs. Since 2012, the biosynthetic gene clusters of most of the main echinocandin variants have been characterized. Especially the comparison of the clusters allows a deeper insight for the biosynthesis of these complex structures.                  Results:                       In the genome of the echinocandin B producer Aspergillus nidulans NRRL 8112 we have identified a gene cluster (Ani) that encodes echinocandin biosynthesis. Sequence analyses showed that Ani is clearly delimited from the genomic context and forms a monophyletic lineage with the other echinocandin gene clusters. Importantly, we found that the disjunct genomic location of the echinocandin B gene cluster in A. pachycristatus NRRL 11440 on two separate subclusters, Ecd and Hty, at two loci was likely an artifact of genome misassembly in the absence of a reference sequence. We show that both sequences can be aligned resulting a single cluster with a gene arrangement collinear compared to other clusters of Aspergillus section Nidulantes. The reassembled gene cluster (Ecd/Hty) is identical to a putative gene cluster (AE) that was previously deposited at the NCBI as a sequence from A. delacroxii NRRL 3860. PCR amplification of a part of the gene cluster resulted a sequence that was very similar (97 % identity), but not identical to that of AE.                  Conclusions:                       The Echinocandin B biosynthetic cluster from A. nidulans NRRL 8112 (Ani) is particularly similar to that of A. pachycristatus NRRL 11440 (Ecd/Hty). Ecd/Hty was originally reported as two disjunct sub-clusters Ecd and Hty, but is in fact a continuous sequence with the same gene order as in Ani. According to sequences of PCR products amplified from genomic DNA, the echinocandin B producer A. delacroxii NRRL 3860 is closely related to A. pachycristatus NRRL 11440. A PCR-product from the gene cluster was very similar, but clearly distinct from the sequence published for A. delacroxii NRRL 3860 at the NCBI (No. AB720074). As the NCBI entry is virtually identical with the re-assembled Ecd/Hty cluster, it is likely that it originates from A. pachycristatus NRRL 11440 rather than A. delacroxii NRRL 3860.	1
Title: Tandem prenyltransferases catalyze isoprenoid elongation and complexity generation in biosynthesis of quinolone alkaloids Abstract: Modification of natural products with prenyl groups and the ensuing oxidative transformations are important for introducing structural complexity and biological activities. Penigequinolones (1) are potent insecticidal alkaloids that contain a highly modified 10-carbon prenyl group. Here we reveal an iterative prenylation mechanism for installing the 10-carbon unit using two aromatic prenyltransferases (PenI and PenG) present in the gene cluster of 1 from Penicillium thymicola. The initial Friedel-Crafts alkylation is catalyzed by PenI to yield dimethylallyl quinolone 6. The five-carbon side chain is then dehydrogenated by a flavin-dependent monooxygenase to give aryl diene 9, which serves as the electron-rich substrate for a second alkylation with dimethylallyl diphosphate to yield stryrenyl product 10. The completed, oxidized 10-carbon prenyl group then undergoes further structural morphing to yield yaequinolone C (12), the immediate precursor of 1. Our studies have therefore uncovered an unprecedented prenyl chain extension mechanism in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome mining of the sordarin biosynthetic gene cluster from Sordaria araneosa Cain ATCC 36386: characterization of cycloaraneosene synthase and GDP-6-deoxyaltrose transferase Abstract: Sordarin is a glycoside antibiotic with a unique tetracyclic diterpene aglycone structure called sordaricin. To understand its intriguing biosynthetic pathway that may include a Diels-Alder-type [4+2]cycloaddition, genome mining of the gene cluster from the draft genome sequence of the producer strain, Sordaria araneosa Cain ATCC 36386, was carried out. A contiguous 67 kb gene cluster consisting of 20 open reading frames encoding a putative diterpene cyclase, a glycosyltransferase, a type I polyketide synthase, and six cytochrome P450 monooxygenases were identified. In vitro enzymatic analysis of the putative diterpene cyclase SdnA showed that it catalyzes the transformation of geranylgeranyl diphosphate to cycloaraneosene, a known biosynthetic intermediate of sordarin. Furthermore, a putative glycosyltransferase SdnJ was found to catalyze the glycosylation of sordaricin in the presence of GDP-6-deoxy-d-altrose to give 4'-O-demethylsordarin. These results suggest that the identified sdn gene cluster is responsible for the biosynthesis of sordarin. Based on the isolated potential biosynthetic intermediates and bioinformatics analysis, a plausible biosynthetic pathway for sordarin is proposed.	1
Title: A tryptophan 6-halogenase and an amidotransferase are involved in thienodolin biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the plant growth-regulating compound thienodolin was identified in and cloned from the producer organism Streptomyces albogriseolus MJ286-76F7. Sequence analysis of a 27 kb DNA region revealed the presence of 21 ORFs, 14 of which are involved in thienodolin biosynthesis. Three insertional inactivation mutants were generated in the sequenced region to analyze their involvement in thienodolin biosynthesis and to functionally characterize specific genes. The gene inactivation experiments together with enzyme assays with enzymes obtained by heterologous expression and feeding studies showed that the first step in thienodolin biosynthesis is catalyzed by a tryptophan 6-halogenase and that the last step is the formation of a carboxylic amide group catalyzed by an amidotransferase. The results led to a hypothetical model for thienodolin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Reconstitution of biosynthetic machinery for the synthesis of the highly elaborated indole diterpene penitrem Abstract: Penitrem A is one of the most elaborated members of the fungal indole diterpenes. Two separate penitrem gene clusters were identified using genomic and RNA sequencing data, and 13 out of 17 transformations in the penitrem biosynthesis were elucidated by heterologous reconstitution of the relevant genes. These reactions involve 1) a prenylation-initiated cationic cyclization to install the bicyclo[3.2.0]heptane skeleton (PtmE), 2) a two-step P450-catalyzed oxidative processes forming the unique tricyclic penitrem skeleton (PtmK and PtmU), and 3) five sequential oxidative transformations (PtmKULNJ). Importantly, without conventional gene disruption, reconstitution of the biosynthetic machinery provided sufficient data to determine the pathway. It was thus demonstrated that the Aspergillus oryzae reconstitution system is a powerful method for studying the biosynthesis of complex natural products.	1
Title: Discovery of pentangular polyphenols hexaricins A-C from marine Streptosporangium sp. CGMCC 4.7309 by genome mining Abstract: Many novel microbial nature products were discovered from Actinobacteria by genome mining methods. However, only a few number of genome mining works were carried out in rare actinomycetes. An important reason precluding the genome mining efforts in rare actinomycetes is that most of them are recalcitrant to genetic manipulation. Herein, we chose the rare marine actinomycete Streptosporangium sp. CGMCC 4.7309 to explore its secondary metabolite diversity by genome mining. The genetic manipulation method has never been established for Streptosporangium strains. At first, we set up the genetic system of Streptosporangium sp. CGMCC 4.7309 unprecedentedly. The draft genome sequencing of Streptosporangium sp. CGMCC 4.7309 revealed that it contains more than 20 cryptic secondary metabolite biosynthetic clusters. A type II polyketide synthases-containing cluster (the hex cluster) was predicted to encode compounds with a pentangular polyphenol scaffold by in silico analysis. The products of the hex cluster were uncovered by comparing the metabolic profile of Streptosporangium sp. CGMCC 4.7309 with that of the hex30 inactivated mutant, in which a key ketoreductase gene was disrupted. Finally, three pentangular polyphenols were isolated and named as hexaricins A (1), B (2), and C (3). The inconsistency of the stereochemistry of C-15 in hexaricins A, B, and C indicates a branch point in their biosynthesis. Finally, the biosynthetic pathway of the hexaricins was proposed based on bioinformatics analysis.	1
Title: Enediyne polyketide synthases stereoselectively reduce the β-ketoacyl intermediates to β-D-hydroxyacyl intermediates in enediyne core biosynthesis Abstract: PKSE biosynthesizes an enediyne core precursor from decarboxylative condensation of eight malonyl-CoAs. The KR domain of PKSE is responsible for iterative β-ketoreduction in each round of polyketide chain elongation. KRs from selected PKSEs were investigated in vitro with β-ketoacyl-SNACs as substrate mimics. Each of the KRs reduced the β-ketoacyl-SNACs stereoselectively, all affording the corresponding β-D-hydroxyacyl-SNACs, and the catalytic efficiencies (k(cat)/K(M)) of the KRs increased significantly as the chain length of the β-ketoacyl-SNAC substrate increases.	1
Title: Strain Prioritization and Genome Mining for Enediyne Natural Products Abstract: The enediyne family of natural products has had a profound impact on modern chemistry, biology, and medicine, and yet only 11 enediynes have been structurally characterized to date. Here we report a genome survey of 3,400 actinomycetes, identifying 81 strains that harbor genes encoding the enediyne polyketide synthase cassettes that could be grouped into 28 distinct clades based on phylogenetic analysis. Genome sequencing of 31 representative strains confirmed that each clade harbors a distinct enediyne biosynthetic gene cluster. A genome neighborhood network allows prediction of new structural features and biosynthetic insights that could be exploited for enediyne discovery. We confirmed one clade as new C-1027 producers, with a significantly higher C-1027 titer than the original producer, and discovered a new family of enediyne natural products, the tiancimycins (TNMs), that exhibit potent cytotoxicity against a broad spectrum of cancer cell lines. Our results demonstrate the feasibility of rapid discovery of new enediynes from a large strain collection.                  Importance:                       Recent advances in microbial genomics clearly revealed that the biosynthetic potential of soil actinomycetes to produce enediynes is underappreciated. A great challenge is to develop innovative methods to discover new enediynes and produce them in sufficient quantities for chemical, biological, and clinical investigations. This work demonstrated the feasibility of rapid discovery of new enediynes from a large strain collection. The new C-1027 producers, with a significantly higher C-1027 titer than the original producer, will impact the practical supply of this important drug lead. The TNMs, with their extremely potent cytotoxicity against various cancer cells and their rapid and complete cancer cell killing characteristics, in comparison with the payloads used in FDA-approved antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs), are poised to be exploited as payload candidates for the next generation of anticancer ADCs. Follow-up studies on the other identified hits promise the discovery of new enediynes, radically expanding the chemical space for the enediyne family.	1
Title: tRNA-Dependent Aminoacylation of an Amino Sugar Intermediate in the Biosynthesis of a Streptothricin-Related Antibiotic Abstract: The antibiotic streptothricin (ST) possesses an amino sugar bound to an l-β-lysine (β-Lys) residue via a peptide bond. The peptide bond formation has been shown to be catalyzed by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) during ST biosynthesis. The focus of this study is the closely related ST analogue BD-12, which carries a glycine-derived side chain rather than a β-Lys residue. Here, in Streptomyces luteocolor NBRC13826, we describe our biosynthetic studies of BD-12, which revealed that the peptide bond between the amino sugar and the glycine residue is catalyzed by a Fem-like enzyme (Orf11) in a tRNA-dependent manner rather than by an NRPS. Although there have been several reports of peptide bond-forming tRNA-dependent enzymes, to our knowledge, Orf11 is the first enzyme that can accept an amino sugar as a substrate. Our findings clearly demonstrate that the structural diversity of the side chains of ST-type compounds in nature is generated in an unusual manner via two distinct peptide bond-forming mechanisms. Moreover, the identification and functional analysis of Orf11 resulted in not only the production of new ST-related compounds, but also the provision of new insights into the structure-activity relationship of the ST-related antibiotics.                  Importance:                       The antibiotic streptothricin (ST) possesses an amino sugar bound to an l-β-lysine (β-Lys) side chain via a peptide bond formed by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). BD-12, an analogue of ST, carries a glycine-derived side chain rather than β-Lys, and here, we describe the BD-12-biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces luteocolor NBRC13826, which contains the orf11 gene encoding a novel tRNA-dependent peptide bond-forming enzyme. The unique Fem-like enzyme (Orf11) accepts the amino sugar as a substrate and mediates the peptide formation between the amino sugar intermediate and glycine. Our studies demonstrate that the structural diversity of the side chains of ST-related compounds in nature is generated via two distinct peptide bond-forming mechanisms.	1
Title: Identification of substituent groups and related genes involved in salecan biosynthesis in Agrobacterium sp. ZX09 Abstract: Salecan, a soluble β-1,3-D-glucan produced by a salt-tolerant strain Agrobacterium sp. ZX09, has been the subject of considerable interest in recent years because of its multiple bioactivities and unusual rheological properties in solution. In this study, both succinyl and pyruvyl substituent groups on salecan were identified by an enzymatic hydrolysis following nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), HPLC, and MS analysis. The putative succinyltransferase gene (sleA) and pyruvyltransferase gene (sleV) were determined and cloned. Disruption of the sleA gene resulted in the absence of succinyl substituent groups on salecan. This defect could be complemented by expressing the sleA cloned in a plasmid. Thus, the sleA and sleV genes located in a 19.6-kb gene cluster may be involved in salecan biosynthesis. Despite the lack of succinyl substituents, the molecular mass of salecan generated by the sleA mutant did not substantially differ from that generated by the wild-type strain. Loss of succinyl substituents on salecan changed its rheological characteristics, especially a decrease in intrinsic viscosity.	1
Title: Target-specific identification and characterization of the putative gene cluster for brasilinolide biosynthesis revealing the mechanistic insights and combinatorial synthetic utility of 2-deoxy-l-fucose biosynthetic enzymes Abstract: Brasilinolides exhibiting potent immunosuppressive and antifungal activities with remarkably low toxicity are structurally characterized by an unusual modified 2-deoxy-l-fucose (2dF) attached to a type I polyketide (PK-I) macrolactone. From the pathogenic producer Nocardia terpenica (Nocardia brasiliensis IFM-0406), a 210 kb genomic fragment was identified by target-specific degenerate primers and subsequently sequenced, revealing a giant nbr gene cluster harboring genes (nbrCDEF) required for TDP-2dF biosynthesis and those for PK-I biosynthesis, modification and regulation. The results showed that the genetic and domain arrangements of nbr PK-I synthases agreed colinearly with the PK-I structures of brasilinolides. Subsequent heterologous expression of nbrCDEF in Escherichia coli accomplished in vitro reconstitution of TDP-2dF biosynthesis. The catalytic functions and mechanisms of NbrCDEF enzymes were further characterized by systematic mix-and-match experiments. The enzymes were revealed to display remarkable substrate and partner promiscuity, leading to the establishment of in vitro hybrid deoxysugar biosynthetic pathways throughout an in situ one-pot (iSOP) method. This study represents the first demonstration of TDP-2dF biosynthesis at the enzyme and molecular levels, and provides new hope for expanding the structural diversity of brasilinolides by combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome-wide identification and characterization of macrolide glycosyltransferases from a marine-derived Bacillus strain and their phylogenetic distribution Abstract: Clarifying glycosyltrasferases (GTs) function is of significance for the development of GT inhibitors as drugs, and the use of GTs to glycodiversify small molecules in the search of drug leads. While many Actinomyces natural-product GTs had been functionally characterized, our understanding towards Bacillus natural-product GTs is so far very limited. Herein, genome-wide identification of macrolide GT genes from marine-derived Bacillus methylotrophicus B-9987 revealed the presence of three macrolide GT genes bmmGT1-3. While bmmGT1 was previously revealed to be involved in the biosynthesis of trans-acyltransferase (AT) polyketides compounds macrolactins (MLNs) and bacillaenes (BAEs), the functions of bmmGT2 and bmmGT3 were probed, demonstrating that they are capable to biochemically catalyze glycosylation of MLNs and BAEs as well but interestingly with different regioselectivity, affording four new MLNs analogs. Notably, further genome mining revealed that the orthologs of these three macrolide GT genes showed a regular distribution in the subtilis- and the cereus-clade Bacillus strains; interestingly, bmmGT1 orthologs only occurred in the subtilis-clade Bacillus, and they were also found in the genomes of Streptomyces strains, suggesting their close phylogenetic relationship. These results provide the first significant insight into the important roles of Bacillus macrolide GTs in the biology of the species.	1
Title: Cloning and identification of saprolmycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. TK08046 Abstract: Saprolmycins A-E are anti-Saprolegnia parasitica antibiotics. To identify the gene cluster for saprolmycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces sp. TK08046, polymerase chain reaction using aromatase and cyclase gene-specific primers was performed; the spr gene cluster, which codes for angucycline biosynthesis, was obtained from the strain. The cluster consists of 36 open reading frames, including minimal polyketide synthase, ketoreductase, aromatase, cyclase, oxygenase, and deoxy sugar biosynthetic genes, as defined by homology to the corresponding genes of the urdamycin, Sch-47554, and grincamycin biosynthetic gene clusters in Streptomyces fradiae, Streptomyces sp. SCC-2136, and Streptomyces lusitanus, respectively. To establish the function of the gene cluster, an expression cosmid vector containing all 36 open reading frames was introduced into Streptomyces lividans TK23. The transformant was confirmed to express the biosynthetic genes and produce saprolmycins by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis of the extract.	1
Title: Involvement of the Baeyer-Villiger Monooxygenase IfnQ in the Biosynthesis of Isofuranonaphthoquinone Scaffold of JBIR-76 and -77 Abstract: JBIR-76 and -77 are isofuranonaphthoquinones (IFNQs) isolated from Streptomyces sp. RI-77. Draft genome sequencing and gene disruption analysis of Streptomyces sp. RI-77 showed that a type II polyketide synthase (PKS) gene cluster (ifn cluster) was responsible for the biosynthesis of JBIR-76 and -77. It was envisaged that an octaketide intermediate (C16 ) could be synthesized by the minimal PKS (IfnANO) and that formation of the IFNQ scaffold (C13 ) would therefore require a C-C bond cleavage reaction. An ifnQ disruptant accumulated some shunt products (C15 ), which were presumably produced by spontaneous cyclization of the decarboxylated octaketide intermediate. Recombinant IfnQ catalyzed the Baeyer-Villiger oxidation of 1-(2-naphthyl)acetone, an analogue of the bicyclic octaketide intermediate. Based on these results, we propose a pathway for the biosynthesis of JBIR-76 and -77, involving IfnQ-catalyzed C-C bond cleavage as a key step in the formation of the IFNQ scaffold.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Fluorinated Natural Product Nucleocidin in Streptomyces calvus Is Dependent on the bldA-Specified Leu-tRNA(UUA) Molecule Abstract: Nucleocidin is one of the very few natural products known to contain fluorine. Mysteriously, the nucleocidin producer Streptomyces calvus ATCC 13382 has not been observed to synthesize the compound since its discovery in 1956. Here, we report that complementation of S. calvus ATCC 13382 with a functional bldA-encoded Leu-tRNA(UUA) molecule restores the production of nucleocidin. Nucleocidin was detected in culture extracts by (19) F NMR spectroscopy, HPLC-ESI-MS, and HPLC-continuum source molecular absorption spectroscopy for fluorine-specific detection. The molecule was purified from a large-scale culture and definitively characterized by NMR spectroscopy and high-resolution MS. The nucleocidin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by the presence of genes encoding the 5'-O-sulfamate moiety and confirmed by gene disruption. Two of the genes within the nucleocidin biosynthetic gene cluster contain TTA codons, thus explaining the dependence on bldA and resolving a 60-year-old mystery.	1
Title: Purification and genetic characterization of gassericin E, a novel co-culture inducible bacteriocin from Lactobacillus gasseri EV1461 isolated from the vagina of a healthy woman Abstract: Background:                       Lactobacillus gasseri is one of the dominant Lactobacillus species in the vaginal ecosystem. Some strains of this species have a high potential for being used as probiotics in order to maintain vaginal homeostasis, since they may confer colonization resistance against pathogens in the vagina by direct inhibition through production of antimicrobial compounds, as bacteriocins. In this work we have studied bacteriocin production of gassericin E (GasE), a novel bacteriocin produced by L. gasseri EV1461, a strain isolated from the vagina of a healthy woman, and whose production was shown to be promoted by the presence of certain specific bacteria in co-culture. Biochemical and genetic characterization of this novel bacteriocin are addressed.                  Results:                       We found that the inhibitory spectrum of L. gasseri EV1461 was broad, being directed to species both related and non-related to the producing strain. Interestingly, L. gasseri EV1461 inhibited the grown of pathogens usually associated with bacterial vaginosis (BV). The antimicrobial activity was due to the production of a novel bacteriocin, gassericin E (GasE). Production of this bacteriocin in broth medium only was achieved at high cell densities. At low cell densities, bacteriocin production ceased and only was restored after the addition of a supernatant from a previous bacteriocin-producing EV1461 culture (autoinduction), or through co-cultivation with several other Gram-positive strains (inducing bacteria). DNA sequence of the GasE locus revealed the presence of two putative operons which could be involved in biosynthesis and immunity of this bacteriocin (gaeAXI), and in regulation, transport and processing (gaePKRTC). The gaePKR encodes a putative three-component regulatory system, involving an autoinducer peptide (GaeP), a histidine protein kinase (GaeK) and a response regulator (GaeR), while the gaeTC encodes for an ABC transporter (GaeT) and their accessory protein (GaeC), involved in transport and processing of the bacteriocin. The gaeAXI, encodes for the bacteriocin gassericin E (GasE), a putative peptide bacteriocin (GaeX), and their immunity protein (GaeI).                  Conclusions:                       The origin of the strain (vagina of healthy woman) and its ability to produce bacteriocins with inhibitory activity against vaginal pathogens may be an advantage for using L. gasseri EV1461 as a probiotic strain to fight and/or prevent bacterial infections as bacterial vaginosis (BV), since it could be better adapted to live and compete into the vaginal environment.	1
Title: Characterization of Cichopeptins, New Phytotoxic Cyclic Lipodepsipeptides Produced by Pseudomonas cichorii SF1-54 and Their Role in Bacterial Midrib Rot Disease of Lettuce Abstract: The lettuce midrib rot pathogen Pseudomonas cichorii SF1-54 produces seven bioactive compounds with biosurfactant properties. Two compounds exhibited necrosis-inducing activity on chicory leaves. The structure of the two phytotoxic compounds, named cichopeptin A and B, was tentatively characterized. They are related cyclic lipopeptides composed of an unsaturated C12-fatty acid chain linked to the N-terminus of a 22-amino acid peptide moiety. Cichopeptin B differs from cichopeptin A only in the last C-terminal amino acid residue, which is probably Val instead of Leu/Ile. Based on peptide sequence similarity, cichopeptins are new cyclic lipopeptides related to corpeptin, produced by the tomato pathogen Pseudomonas corrugata. Production of cichopeptin is stimulated by glycine betaine but not by choline, an upstream precursor of glycine betaine. Furthermore, a gene cluster encoding cichopeptin synthethases, cipABCDEF, is responsible for cichopeptin biosynthesis. A cipA-deletion mutant exhibited significantly less virulence and rotten midribs than the parental strain upon spray inoculation on lettuce. However, the parental and mutant strains multiplied in lettuce leaves at a similar rate. These results demonstrate that cichopeptins contribute to virulence of P. cichorii SF1-54 on lettuce.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of LL-Z1272β: Discovery of a New Member of NRPS-like Enzymes for Aryl-Aldehyde Formation Abstract: LL-Z1272β (1) is a prenylated aryl-aldehyde produced by several fungi; it also serves as a key pathway intermediate for many fungal meroterpenoids. Despite its importance in the biosynthesis of natural products, the molecular basis for the biosynthesis of 1 has yet to be elucidated. Here we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster for 1 from Stachybotrys bisbyi PYH05-7, and elucidated the biosynthetic route to 1. The biosynthesis involves a polyketide synthase, a prenyltransferase, and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-like enzyme, which is responsible for the generation of the aldehyde functionality. Interestingly, the NRPS-like enzyme only accepts the farnesylated substrate to catalyze the carboxylate reduction; this represents a new example of a substrate for adenylation domains.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Chitinophaga pinensis type strain (UQM 2034) Abstract: Chitinophaga pinensis Sangkhobol and Skerman 1981 is the type strain of the species which is the type species of the rapidly growing genus Chitinophaga in the sphingobacterial family 'Chitinophagaceae'. Members of the genus Chitinophaga vary in shape between filaments and spherical bodies without the production of a fruiting body, produce myxospores, and are of special interest for their ability to degrade chitin. Here we describe the features of this organism, together with the complete genome sequence, and annotation. This is the first complete genome sequence of a member of the family 'Chitinophagaceae', and the 9,127,347 bp long single replicon genome with its 7,397 protein-coding and 95 RNA genes is part of the Genomic Encyclopedia of Bacteria and Archaea project.	1
Title: Identification of the Phenalamide Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Myxococcus stipitatus DSM 14675 Abstract: Phenalamide is a bioactive secondary metabolite produced by Myxococcus stipitatus. We identified a 56 kb phenalamide biosynthetic gene cluster from M. stipitatus DSM 14675 by genomic sequence analysis and mutational analysis. The cluster is comprised of 12 genes (MYSTI_04318-MYSTI_04329) encoding three pyruvate dehydrogenase subunits, eight polyketide synthase modules, a non-ribosomal peptide synthase module, a hypothetical protein, and a putative flavin adenine dinucleotide-binding protein. Disruption of the MYSTI_04324 or MYSTI_04325 genes by plasmid insertion resulted in a defect in phenalamide production. The organization of the phenalamide biosynthetic modules encoded by the fifth to tenth genes (MYSTI_04320-MYSTI_04325) was very similar to that of the myxalamid biosynthetic gene cluster from Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15, as expected from similar backbone structures of the two substances. However, the loading module and the first extension module of the phenalamide synthase encoded by the first to fourth genes (MYSTI_04326-MYSTI_04329) were found only in the phenalamide biosynthetic gene cluster from M. stipitatus DSM 14675.	1
Title: A gene cluster for the biosynthesis of moenomycin family antibiotics in the genome of teicoplanin producer Actinoplanes teichomyceticus Abstract: Moenomycins are phosphoglycolipid antibiotics notable for their extreme potency, unique mode of action, and proven record of use in animal nutrition without selection for resistant microflora. There is a keen interest in manipulation of structures of moenomycins in order to better understand their structure-activity relationships and to generate improved analogs. Only two almost identical moenomycin biosynthetic gene clusters are known, limiting our knowledge of the evolution of moenomycin pathways and our ability to genetically diversify them. Here, we report a novel gene cluster (tchm) that directs production of the phosphoglycolipid teichomycin in Actinoplanes teichomyceticus. Its overall genetic architecture is significantly different from that of the moenomycin biosynthesis (moe) gene clusters of Streptomyces ghanaensis and Streptomyces clavuligerus, featuring multiple gene rearrangements and two novel structural genes. Involvement of the tchm cluster in teichomycin biosynthesis was confirmed via heterologous co-expression of amidotransferase tchmH5 and moe genes. Our work sets the background for further engineering of moenomycins and for deeper inquiries into the evolution of this fascinating biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: A Single Gene Cluster for Chalcomycins and Aldgamycins: Genetic Basis for Bifurcation of Their Biosynthesis Abstract: Aldgamycins are 16-membered macrolide antibiotics with a rare branched-chain sugar d-aldgarose or decarboxylated d-aldgarose at C-5. In our efforts to clone the gene cluster for aldgamycins from a marine-derived Streptomyces sp. HK-2006-1 capable of producing both aldgamycins and chalcomycins, we found that both are biosynthesized from a single gene cluster. Whole-genome sequencing combined with gene disruption established the entire gene cluster of aldgamycins: nine new genes are incorporated with the previously identified chalcomycin gene cluster. Functional analysis of these genes revealed that almDI/almDII, (encoding α/β subunits of pyruvate dehydrogenase) triggers the biosynthesis of aldgamycins, whereas almCI (encoding an oxidoreductase) initiates chalcomycins biosynthesis. This is the first report that aldgamycins and chalcomycins are derived from a single gene cluster and of the genetic basis for bifurcation in their biosynthesis.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Streptomyces globisporus C-1027, the producer of an enediyne antibiotic lidamycin Abstract: Streptomyces globisporus C-1027 produces a nine-membered enediyne antitumor antibiotic lidamycin. Here we report the complete genome sequence of S. globisporus C-1027, which consists of a 7,608,611 bp linear chromosome, a 167,754 bp linear plasmid SGLP1 and a 7,234 bp circular plasmid pSGL1. The biosynthetic gene cluster for lidamycin was located in the linear plasmid SGLP1. Genome analysis also revealed a number of genes related to biosynthesis of diverse secondary metabolites. The genome sequence of C-1027 will enable us to disclose biosynthetic pathways of these secondary metabolites and discover new natural products with potential applications notably in human health.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Studies of Phomopsins Unveil Posttranslational Installation of Dehydroamino Acids by UstYa Family Proteins Abstract: UstYa family proteins (DUF3328) are widely and specifically distributed in fungi. They are known to be involved in the biosynthesis of ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides (RiPPs) and nonribosomal peptides, and possibly catalyze various reactions, including oxidative cyclization and chlorination. In this study, we focused on phomopsin A, a fungal RiPP consisting of unique nonproteinogenic amino acids. Gene knockout experiments demonstrated that three UstYa homologues, phomYc, phomYd, and phomYe, are essential for the desaturation of amino acid moieties, showing unprecedented function among UstYa family proteins. Sequence similarity network analysis indicated that their amino acid sequences are highly diverged and that most remain uncharacterized, paving the way for genome mining of fungal metabolites with unique modifications.	1
Title: Resistance Gene-Guided Genome Mining: Serial Promoter Exchanges in Aspergillus nidulans Reveal the Biosynthetic Pathway for Fellutamide B, a Proteasome Inhibitor Abstract: Fungal genome projects are revealing thousands of cryptic secondary metabolism (SM) biosynthetic gene clusters that encode pathways that potentially produce valuable compounds. Heterologous expression systems should allow these clusters to be expressed and their products obtained, but approaches are needed to identify the most valuable target clusters. The inp cluster of Aspergillus nidulans contains a gene, inpE, that encodes a proteasome subunit, leading us to hypothesize that the inp cluster produces a proteasome inhibitor and inpE confers resistance to this compound. Previous efforts to express this cluster have failed, but by sequentially replacing the promoters of the genes of the cluster with a regulatable promotor, we have expressed them successfully. Expression reveals that the product of the inp cluster is the proteasome inhibitor fellutamide B, and our data allow us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for the compound. By deleting inpE and activating expression of the inp cluster, we demonstrate that inpE is required for resistance to internally produced fellutamide B. These data provide experimental validation for the hypothesis that some fungal SM clusters contain genes that encode resistant forms of the enzymes targeted by the compound produced by the cluster.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Pathway of the Reduced Polyketide Product Citreoviridin in Aspergillus terreus var. aureus Revealed by Heterologous Expression in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Citreoviridin (1) belongs to a class of F1-ATPase β-subunit inhibitors that are synthesized by highly reducing polyketide synthases. These potent mycotoxins share an α-pyrone polyene structure, and they include aurovertin, verrucosidin, and asteltoxin. The identification of the citreoviridin biosynthetic gene cluster in Aspergillus terreus var. aureus and its reconstitution using heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans are reported. Two intermediates were isolated that allowed the proposal of the biosynthetic pathway of citreoviridin.	1
Title: The cyclochlorotine mycotoxin is produced by the nonribosomal peptide synthetase CctN in Talaromyces islandicus ('Penicillium islandicum') Abstract: Talaromyces islandicus ('Penicillium islandicum') is a widespread foodborne mold that produces numerous secondary metabolites, among them potent mycotoxins belonging to different chemical classes. A notable metabolite is the hepatotoxic and carcinogenic pentapeptide cyclochlorotine that contains the unusual amino acids β-phenylalanine, 2-aminobutyrate and 3,4-dichloroproline. Although the chemical structure has been known for over five decades, nothing is known about the biosynthetic pathway of cyclochlorotine. Bioinformatic analysis of the recently sequenced genome of T. islandicus identified a wealth of gene clusters potentially coding for the synthesis of secondary metabolites. Here, we show by RNA interference-mediated gene silencing that a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, CctN, is responsible for the synthesis of cyclochlorotine. Moreover, we identified novel cyclochlorotine chemical variants, whose production also depended on cctN expression. Surprisingly, the halogenase required for cyclochlorotine biosynthesis is not encoded in the cct cluster. Nonetheless, our findings enabled us to propose a detailed model for cyclochlorotine biosynthesis. In addition, comparative genomics revealed that cct-like clusters are present in all of the sequenced Talaromyces strains indicating a high prevalence of cyclochlorotine production ability.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Cyclochlorotine: Identification of the Genes Involved in Oxidative Transformations and Intramolecular O, N-Transacylation Abstract: Mycotoxin cyclochlorotine (1) and structurally related astins are cyclic pentapeptides containing unique nonproteinogenic amino acids, such as β-phenylalanine, l-allo-threonine, and 3,4-dichloroproline. Herein, we report the biosynthetic pathway for 1, which involves intriguing tailoring processes mediated by DUF3328 proteins, including stereo- and regiospecific chlorination and hydroxylation and intramolecular O,N-transacylation. Our findings demonstrate that DUF3328 proteins, which are known to be involved in oxidative cyclization of fungal ribosomal peptides, have much higher functional diversity than previously expected.	1
Title: Redundant synthesis of a conidial polyketide by two distinct secondary metabolite clusters in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Filamentous fungi are renowned for the production of bioactive secondary metabolites. Typically, one distinct metabolite is generated from a specific secondary metabolite cluster. Here, we characterize the newly described trypacidin (tpc) cluster in the opportunistic human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus. We find that this cluster as well as the previously characterized endocrocin (enc) cluster both contribute to the production of the spore metabolite endocrocin. Whereas trypacidin is eliminated when only tpc cluster genes are deleted, endocrocin production is only eliminated when both the tpc and enc non-reducing polyketide synthase-encoding genes, tpcC and encA, respectively, are deleted. EncC, an anthrone oxidase, converts the product released from EncA to endocrocin as a final product. In contrast, endocrocin synthesis by the tpc cluster likely results from incomplete catalysis by TpcK (a putative decarboxylase), as its deletion results in a nearly 10-fold increase in endocrocin production. We suggest endocrocin is likely a shunt product in all related non-reducing polyketide synthase clusters containing homologues of TpcK and TpcL (a putative anthrone oxidase), e.g. geodin and monodictyphenone. This finding represents an unusual example of two physically discrete secondary metabolite clusters generating the same natural product in one fungal species by distinct routes.	1
Title: Identification of the antiphagocytic trypacidin gene cluster in the human-pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: The opportunistic human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus produces numerous different natural products. The genetic basis for the biosynthesis of a number of known metabolites has remained unknown. The gene cluster encoding for the biosynthesis of the conidia-bound metabolite trypacidin is of particular interest because of its antiprotozoal activity and possible role in the infection process. Here, we show that the genes encoding the biosynthesis enzymes of trypacidin reside within an orphan gene cluster in A. fumigatus. Genome mining identified tynC as an uncharacterized polyketide synthase with high similarity to known enzymes, whose products are structurally related to trypacidin including endocrocin and fumicycline. Gene deletion of tynC resulted in the complete absence of trypacidin production, which was fully restored when the mutant strain was complemented with the wild-type gene. When confronted with macrophages, the tynC deletion mutant conidia were more frequently phagocytosed than those of the parental wild-type strain. This was also found for phagocytic amoebae of the species Dictyostelium discoideum, which showed increased phagocytosis of ΔtynC conidia. Both macrophages and amoebae were also sensitive to trypacidin. Therefore, our results suggest that the conidium-bound trypacidin could have a protective function against phagocytes both in the environment and during the infection process.	1
Title: Functional Reconstitution of a Fungal Natural Product Gene Cluster by Advanced Genome Editing Abstract: Filamentous fungi produce varieties of natural products even in a strain dependent manner. However, the genetic basis of chemical speciation between strains is still widely unknown. One example is trypacidin, a natural product of the opportunistic human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus, which is not produced among different isolates. Combining computational analysis with targeted gene editing, we could link a single nucleotide insertion in the polyketide synthase of the trypacidin biosynthetic pathway and reconstitute its production in a nonproducing strain. Thus, we present a CRISPR/Cas9-based tool for advanced molecular genetic studies in filamentous fungi, exploiting selectable markers separated from the edited locus.	1
Title: Identification of a Polyketide Synthase Involved in Sorbicillin Biosynthesis by Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: Secondary metabolism in Penicillium chrysogenum was intensively subjected to classical strain improvement (CSI), the resulting industrial strains producing high levels of β-lactams. During this process, the production of yellow pigments, including sorbicillinoids, was eliminated as part of a strategy to enable the rapid purification of β-lactams. Here we report the identification of the polyketide synthase (PKS) gene essential for sorbicillinoid biosynthesis in P. chrysogenum We demonstrate that the production of polyketide precursors like sorbicillinol and dihydrosorbicillinol as well as their derivatives bisorbicillinoids requires the function of a highly reducing PKS encoded by the gene Pc21g05080 (pks13). This gene belongs to the cluster that was mutated and transcriptionally silenced during the strain improvement program. Using an improved β-lactam-producing strain, repair of the mutation in pks13 led to the restoration of sorbicillinoid production. This now enables genetic studies on the mechanism of sorbicillinoid biosynthesis in P. chrysogenum and opens new perspectives for pathway engineering.                  Importance:                       Sorbicillinoids are secondary metabolites with antiviral, anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial activities produced by filamentous fungi. This study identified the gene cluster responsible for sorbicillinoid formation in Penicillium chrysogenum, which now allows engineering of this diverse group of compounds.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the chaetoviridin and chaetomugilin gene cluster in Chaetomium globosum reveal dual functions of an iterative highly-reducing polyketide synthase Abstract: We report the identification and characterization of the caz biosynthetic cluster from Chaetomium globosum and the characterization of a highly reducing polyketide synthase (PKS) that acts in both a sequential and convergent manner with a nonreducing PKS to form the chaetomugilin and chaetoviridin azaphilones. Genetic inactivation studies verified the involvement of individual caz genes in the biosynthesis of the azaphilones. Through in vitro reconstitution, we demonstrated the in vitro synthesis of chaetoviridin A from the pyranoquinone intermediate cazisochromene using the highly reducing PKS and an acyltransferase.	1
Title: Assembly and clustering of natural antibiotics guides target identification Abstract: Antibiotics are essential for numerous medical procedures, including the treatment of bacterial infections, but their widespread use has led to the accumulation of resistance, prompting calls for the discovery of antibacterial agents with new targets. A majority of clinically approved antibacterial scaffolds are derived from microbial natural products, but these valuable molecules are not well annotated or organized, limiting the efficacy of modern informatic analyses. Here, we provide a comprehensive resource defining the targets, chemical origins and families of the natural antibacterial collective through a retrobiosynthetic algorithm. From this we also detail the directed mining of biosynthetic scaffolds and resistance determinants to reveal structures with a high likelihood of having previously unknown modes of action. Implementing this pipeline led to investigations of the telomycin family of natural products from Streptomyces canus, revealing that these bactericidal molecules possess a new antibacterial mode of action dependent on the bacterial phospholipid cardiolipin.	1
Title: Discovery and Characterization of Bicereucin, an Unusual d-Amino Acid-Containing Mixed Two-Component Lantibiotic Abstract: Lantibiotics are a group of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) exhibiting antimicrobial activity. They are characterized by the presence of the thioether-containing bisamino acids lanthionine and methyllanthionine. Here, we report a two-component lantibiotic from Bacillus cereus SJ1 with unusual structural features that we named bicereucin. Unlike all previous two-component lantibiotics, only one of the two peptides of bicereucin contains a lanthionine. The second peptide lacks any cysteines but contains several d-amino acids. These are installed by the dehydrogenase BsjJB, the activity of which was successfully reconstituted in vitro. The proteolytic removal of the leader peptide was also performed in vitro. Bicereucin displayed synergistic antimicrobial activities against Gram-positive strains including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and vancomycin-resistant Enterococci as well as hemolytic activity. To illustrate the utility of the enzymes, an analog of the d-amino acid containing opioid dermorphin was successfully produced in E. coli by employing the dehydratase BsjM and the dehydrogenase NpnJA.	1
Title: Role of the FeoB protein and siderophore in promoting virulence of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae on rice Abstract: Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae causes bacterial blight, a serious disease of rice. Our analysis revealed that the X. oryzae pv. oryzae genome encodes genes responsible for iron uptake through FeoB (homolog of the major bacterial ferrous iron transporter) and a siderophore. A mutation in the X. oryzae pv. oryzae feoB gene causes severe virulence deficiency, growth deficiency in iron-limiting medium, and constitutive production of a siderophore. We identified an iron regulated xss gene cluster, in which xssABCDE (Xanthomonas siderophore synthesis) and xsuA (Xanthomonas siderophore utilization) genes encode proteins involved in biosynthesis and utilization of X. oryzae pv. oryzae siderophore. Mutations in the xssA, xssB, and xssE genes cause siderophore deficiency and growth restriction under iron-limiting conditions but are virulence proficient. An xsuA mutant displayed impairment in utilization of native siderophore, suggesting that XsuA acts as a specific receptor for a ferric-siderophore complex. Histochemical and fluorimetric assays with gusA fusions indicate that, during in planta growth, the feoB gene is expressed and that the xss operon is not expressed. This study represents the first report describing a role for feoB in virulence of any plant-pathogenic bacterium and the first functional characterization of a siderophore-biosynthetic gene cluster in any xanthomonad.	1
Title: Characterization of Three Tailoring Enzymes in Dutomycin Biosynthesis and Generation of a Potent Antibacterial Analogue Abstract: The anthracycline natural product dutomycin and its precursor POK-MD1 were isolated from Streptomyces minoensis NRRL B-5482. The dutomycin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by genome sequencing and disruption of the ketosynthase gene. Two polyketide synthase (PKS) systems are present in the gene cluster, including a type II PKS and a rare highly reducing iterative type I PKS. The type I PKS DutG repeatedly uses its active sites to create a nine-carbon triketide chain that is subsequently transferred to the α-l-axenose moiety of POK-MD1 at 4″-OH to yield dutomycin. Using a heterologous recombination approach, we disrupted a putative methyltransferase gene (dutMT1) and two glycosyltransferase genes (dutGT1 and dutGT2). Analysis of the metabolites of these mutants revealed the functions of these genes and yielded three dutomycin analogues SW140, SW91, and SW75. The major product SW91 in Streptomyces minoensis NRRL B-5482-ΔDutMT1 was identified as 12-desmethyl-dutomycin, suggesting that DutMT1 is the dedicated 12-methyltransferase. This was confirmed by the in vitro enzymatic assay. DutGT1 and DutGT2 were found to be responsible for the introduction of β-d-amicetose and α-l-axenose, respectively. Dutomycin and SW91 showed strong antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-resistant S. aureus, whereas POK-MD1 and SW75 had no obvious inhibition, which revealed the essential role of the C-4″ triketide chain in antibacterial activity. The minimal inhibitory concentration of SW91 against the two strains was 0.125 μg mL(-1), lower than that of dutomycin (0.25 μg mL(-1)), indicating that the antibacterial activity of dutomycin can be improved through biosynthetic structural modification.	1
Title: Polysaccharide biosynthesis locus required for virulence of Bacteroides fragilis Abstract: Bacteroides fragilis, though only a minor component of the human intestinal commensal flora, is the anaerobe most frequently isolated from intra-abdominal abscesses. B. fragilis 9343 expresses at least three capsular polysaccharides-polysaccharide A (PS A), PS B, and PS C. Purified PS A and PS B have been tested in animal models and are both able to induce the formation of intra-abdominal abscesses. Mutants unable to synthesize PS B or PS C still facilitate abscess formation at levels comparable to those of wild-type 9343. To determine the contribution of PS A to abscess formation in the context of the intact organism, the PS A biosynthesis region was cloned, sequenced, and deleted from 9343 to produce a PS A-negative mutant. Animal experiments demonstrate that the abscess-inducing capability of 9343 is severely attenuated when the organism cannot synthesize PS A, despite continued synthesis of the other capsular polysaccharides. The PS A of 9343 contains an unusual free amino sugar that is essential for abscess formation by this polymer. PCR analysis of the PS A biosynthesis loci of 50 B. fragilis isolates indicates that regions flanking each side of this locus are conserved in all strains. The downstream conserved region includes two terminal PS A biosynthesis genes that homology-based analyses predict are involved in the synthesis and transfer of the free amino sugar of PS A. Conservation of these genes suggests that this sugar is present in the PS A of all serotypes and may explain the abscessogenic nature of B. fragilis.	1
Title: Bacteroides fragilis NCTC9343 produces at least three distinct capsular polysaccharides: cloning, characterization, and reassignment of polysaccharide B and C biosynthesis loci Abstract: Bacteroides fragilis produces a capsular polysaccharide complex (CPC) that is directly involved in its ability to induce abscesses. Two distinct capsular polysaccharides, polysaccharide A (PS A) and PS B, have been shown to be synthesized by the prototype strain for the study of abscesses, NCTC9343. Both of these polysaccharides in purified form induce abscesses in animal models. In this study, we demonstrate that the CPC of NCTC9343 is composed of at least three distinct capsular polysaccharides: PS A, PS B, and PS C. A previously described locus contains genes whose products are involved in the biosynthesis of PS C rather than PS B as was originally suggested. The actual PS B biosynthesis locus was cloned, sequenced, and found to contain 22 genes in an operon-type structure. A mutant with a large chromosomal deletion of the PS B biosynthesis locus was created so that the contribution of PS B to the formation of abscesses could be assessed in a rodent model. Although purified PS B can induce abscesses, removal of this polysaccharide does not attenuate the organism's ability to induce abscesses.	1
Title: Analysis of a capsular polysaccharide biosynthesis locus of Bacteroides fragilis Abstract: A major clinical manifestation of infection with Bacteroides fragilis is the formation of intra-abdominal abscesses, which are induced by the capsular polysaccharides of this organism. Transposon mutagenesis was used to locate genes involved in the synthesis of capsular polysaccharides. A 24,454-bp region was sequenced and found to contain a 15,379-bp locus (designated wcf) with 16 open reading frames (ORFs) encoding products similar to those encoded by genes of other bacterial polysaccharide biosynthesis loci. Four genes encode products that are similar to enzymes involved in nucleotide sugar biosynthesis. Seven genes encode products that are similar to sugar transferases. Two gene products are similar to O-acetyltransferases, and two products are probably involved in polysaccharide transport and polymerization. The product of one ORF, WcfH, is similar to a set of deacetylases of the NodB family. Deletion mutants demonstrated that the wcf locus is necessary for the synthesis of polysaccharide B, one of the two capsular polysaccharides of B. fragilis 9343. The virulence of the polysaccharide B-deficient mutant was comparable to that of the wild type in terms of its ability to induce abscesses in a rat model of intra-abdominal infection.	1
Title: Cystobactamids: myxobacterial topoisomerase inhibitors exhibiting potent antibacterial activity Abstract: The development of new antibiotics faces a severe crisis inter alia owing to a lack of innovative chemical scaffolds with activities against Gram-negative and multiresistant pathogens. Herein, we report highly potent novel antibacterial compounds, the myxobacteria-derived cystobactamids 1-3, which were isolated from Cystobacter sp. and show minimum inhibitory concentrations in the low μg mL(-1) range. We describe the isolation and structure elucidation of three congeners as well as the identification and annotation of their biosynthetic gene cluster. By studying the self-resistance mechanism in the natural producer organism, the molecular targets were identified as bacterial type IIa topoisomerases. As quinolones are largely exhausted as a template for new type II topoisomerase inhibitors, the cystobactamids offer exciting alternatives to generate novel antibiotics using medicinal chemistry and biosynthetic engineering.	1
Title: The insect pathogen Serratia marcescens Db10 uses a hybrid non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase to produce the antibiotic althiomycin Abstract: There is a continuing need to discover new bioactive natural products, such as antibiotics, in genetically-amenable micro-organisms. We observed that the enteric insect pathogen, Serratia marcescens Db10, produced a diffusible compound that inhibited the growth of Bacillis subtilis and Staphyloccocus aureus. Mapping the genetic locus required for this activity revealed a putative natural product biosynthetic gene cluster, further defined to a six-gene operon named alb1-alb6. Bioinformatic analysis of the proteins encoded by alb1-6 predicted a hybrid non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase (NRPS-PKS) assembly line (Alb4/5/6), tailoring enzymes (Alb2/3) and an export/resistance protein (Alb1), and suggested that the machinery assembled althiomycin or a related molecule. Althiomycin is a ribosome-inhibiting antibiotic whose biosynthetic machinery had been elusive for decades. Chromatographic and spectroscopic analyses confirmed that wild type S. marcescens produced althiomycin and that production was eliminated on disruption of the alb gene cluster. Construction of mutants with in-frame deletions of specific alb genes demonstrated that Alb2-Alb5 were essential for althiomycin production, whereas Alb6 was required for maximal production of the antibiotic. A phosphopantetheinyl transferase enzyme required for althiomycin biosynthesis was also identified. Expression of Alb1, a predicted major facilitator superfamily efflux pump, conferred althiomycin resistance on another, sensitive, strain of S. marcescens. This is the first report of althiomycin production outside of the Myxobacteria or Streptomyces and paves the way for future exploitation of the biosynthetic machinery, since S. marcescens represents a convenient and tractable producing organism.	1
Title: Nonribosomal peptides, key biocontrol components for Pseudomonas fluorescens In5, isolated from a Greenlandic suppressive soil Abstract: Potatoes are cultivated in southwest Greenland without the use of pesticides and with limited crop rotation. Despite the fact that plant-pathogenic fungi are present, no severe-disease outbreaks have yet been observed. In this report, we document that a potato soil at Inneruulalik in southern Greenland is suppressive against Rhizoctonia solani Ag3 and uncover the suppressive antifungal mechanism of a highly potent biocontrol bacterium, Pseudomonas fluorescens In5, isolated from the suppressive potato soil. A combination of molecular genetics, genomics, and matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight (MALDI-TOF) imaging mass spectrometry (IMS) revealed an antifungal genomic island in P. fluorescens In5 encoding two nonribosomal peptides, nunamycin and nunapeptin, which are key components for the biocontrol activity by strain In5 in vitro and in soil microcosm experiments. Furthermore, complex microbial behaviors were highlighted. Whereas nunamycin was demonstrated to inhibit the mycelial growth of R. solani Ag3, but not that of Pythium aphanidermatum, nunapeptin instead inhibited P. aphanidermatum but not R. solani Ag3. Moreover, the synthesis of nunamycin by P. fluorescens In5 was inhibited in the presence of P. aphanidermatum. Further characterization of the two peptides revealed nunamycin to be a monochlorinated 9-amino-acid cyclic lipopeptide with similarity to members of the syringomycin group, whereas nunapeptin was a 22-amino-acid cyclic lipopeptide with similarity to corpeptin and syringopeptin.                  Importance:                       Crop rotation and systematic pest management are used to only a limited extent in Greenlandic potato farming. Nonetheless, although plant-pathogenic fungi are present in the soil, the farmers do not experience major plant disease outbreaks. Here, we show that a Greenlandic potato soil is suppressive against Rhizoctonia solani, and we unravel the key biocontrol components for Pseudomonas fluorescens In5, one of the potent biocontrol bacteria isolated from this Greenlandic suppressive soil. Using a combination of molecular genetics, genomics, and microbial imaging mass spectrometry, we show that two cyclic lipopeptides, nunamycin and nunapeptin, are important for the biocontrol activity of P. fluorescens In5 both in vitro and in microcosm assays. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the synthesis of nunamycin is repressed by the oomycete Pythium aphanidermatum. Overall, our report provides important insight into interkingdom interference between bacteria and fungi/oomycetes.	1
Title: Genomics-Guided Exploitation of Lipopeptide Diversity in Myxobacteria Abstract: Analysis of 122 myxobacterial genome sequences suggested 16 strains as producers of the myxochromide lipopeptide family. Detailed sequence comparison of the respective mch biosynthetic gene clusters informed a genome-mining approach, ultimately leading to the discovery and chemical characterization of four novel myxochromide core types. The myxochromide megasynthetase is subject to evolutionary diversification, resulting in considerable structural diversity of biosynthesis products. The observed differences are due to the number, type, sequence, and configuration of the incorporated amino acids. The analysis revealed molecular details on how point mutations and recombination events led to structural diversity. It also gave insights into the evolutionary scenarios that have led to the emergence of mch clusters in different strains and genera of myxobacteria.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Antibiotic Nematophin and Its Elongated Derivatives in Entomopathogenic Bacteria Abstract: Nematophin, a known antibiotic natural product against Staphylococcus aureus for almost 20 years, is produced by all strains of Xenorhabdus nematophila. Despite its simple structure, its biosynthesis was unknown. Its biosynthetic pathway is reported using heterologous production in Escherichia coli. Additionally, the identification, structure elucidation, and biosynthesis of six extended nematophin derivatives from Xenorhabdus PB62.4 carrying an additional valine are reported. Preliminary bioactivity studies suggest a biological role of these compounds in the bacteria-nematode-insect symbiosis.	1
Title: Heterologous reconstitution of ikarugamycin biosynthesis in E. coli Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PTMs) are a family of biomedically promising natural products with challenging molecular frameworks. Despite these interesting properties, so far only relatively little is known about the biosynthetic origin of PTMs, in particular concerning the mechanism by which their ring systems are formed. Herein we present the first insights into these processes by using the biosynthesis of ikarugamycin as an example. This has been facilitated by the first heterologous expression of a PTM biosynthetic gene cluster in Escherichia coli. With this approach it will not only become possible to mechanistically investigate already known PTM biosynthetic pathways in more detail in the future, but also to interrogate cryptic PTM biosynthetic pathways chemically and biochemically.	1
Title: Mechanistic insights into polycycle formation by reductive cyclization in ikarugamycin biosynthesis Abstract: Ikarugamycin is a member of the polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PTMs) family of natural products with diverse biological activities. The biochemical mechanisms for the formation of polycyclic ring systems in PTMs remain elusive. The enzymatic mechanism of constructing an inner five-membered ring in ikarugamycin is reported. A three-gene-cassette ikaABC from the marine-derived Streptomyces sp. ZJ306 is sufficient for conferring ikarugamycin production in a heterologous host. IkaC catalyzes a reductive cyclization reaction to form the inner five-membered ring by a Michael addition-like reaction. This study provides the first biochemical evidence for polycycle formation in PTMs and suggests a reductive cyclization strategy which may be potentially applicable in general to the corresponding ring formation in other PTMs.	1
Title: Genetic and chemical characterisation of the cornexistin pathway provides further insight into maleidride biosynthesis Abstract: The biosynthesis of the herbicide cornexistin in the fungus Paecilomyces variotii was investigated by full sequencing of its genome, knockout of key genes within its biosynthetic gene cluster and isolation and identification of intermediate compounds. The general biosynthetic pathway resembles that of byssochlamic acid and other nonadrides in the early stages, but differs in requiring fewer enzymes in the key nonadride dimerisation step, and in the removal of one maleic anhydride moiety.	1
Title: β-Lactone formation during product release from a nonribosomal peptide synthetase Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) are multidomain modular biosynthetic assembly lines that polymerize amino acids into a myriad of biologically active nonribosomal peptides (NRPs). NRPS thioesterase (TE) domains employ diverse release strategies for off-loading thioester-tethered polymeric peptides from termination modules typically via hydrolysis, aminolysis, or cyclization to provide mature antibiotics as carboxylic acids/esters, amides, and lactams/lactones, respectively. Here we report the enzyme-catalyzed formation of a highly strained β-lactone ring during TE-mediated cyclization of a β-hydroxythioester to release the antibiotic obafluorin (Obi) from an NRPS assembly line. The Obi NRPS (ObiF) contains a type I TE domain with a rare catalytic cysteine residue that plays a direct role in β-lactone ring formation. We present a detailed genetic and biochemical characterization of the entire Obi biosynthetic gene cluster in plant-associated Pseudomonas fluorescens ATCC 39502 that establishes a general strategy for β-lactone biogenesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of cervimycin C, an aromatic polyketide antibiotic bearing an unusual dimethylmalonyl moiety Abstract: Cervimycin C is the major component of an antibiotic complex produced by Streptomyces tendae HKI-179 consisting of a tetracycline-type aglycon, six tridesoxysugars and a rare dimethylmalonyl moiety. The biosynthetic origin of cervimycin was studied by molecular studies and feeding experiments, which reveal that the dimethylmalonate unit is not derived from malonate, but from valine.	1
Title: Cervimycin C resistance in Bacillus subtilis is due to a promoter up-mutation and increased mRNA stability of the constitutive ABC-transporter gene bmrA Abstract: Two independent cervimycin C (CmC)-resistant clones of Bacillus subtilis were identified, each carrying two mutations in the intergenic region preceding the ABC transporter gene bmrA. In the double mutant, real-time PCR revealed an increased amount of bmrA mRNA with increased stability. Accordingly, isolation of membrane proteins yielded a strong band at 64 kDa corresponding to BmrA. Analyses showed that one mutation optimized the -35 box sequence conferring resistance to 3 μM CmC, while the +6 mutation alone had no effect, but increased the potential of the strain harboring the -35 mutation to grow at 5 μM CmC. Transcriptional fusions revealed an elevated bmrA promoter activity for the double mutant. Electrophoretic mobility shift assays (EMSAs) confirmed a 30-fold higher binding affinity of RNA polymerase for this mutant compared with the wild type, and the effect was due to the -35 box alteration of the bmrA promoter. In vitro transcription experiments substantiated the results of the EMSA. EMSAs in the presence of heparin indicated that the mutations did not influence the formation and/or the stability of open complexes. Half-life measurements demonstrated that the +6 mutation stabilized bmrA mRNA ≈ 2-fold. Overall, we found that an ABC transporter confers antibiotic resistance by the cumulative effects of two mutations in the promoter region.	1
Title: A ketosynthase homolog uses malonyl units to form esters in cervimycin biosynthesis Abstract: Ketosynthases produce the carbon backbones of a vast number of biologically active polyketides by catalyzing Claisen condensations of activated acyl and malonyl building blocks. Here we report that a ketosynthase homolog from Streptomyces tendae, CerJ, unexpectedly forms malonyl esters during the biosynthesis of cervimycin, a glycoside antibiotic against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Deletion of cerJ yielded a substantially more active cervimycin variant lacking the malonyl side chain, and in vitro biotransformations revealed that CerJ is capable of transferring malonyl, methylmalonyl and dimethylmalonyl units onto the glycoside. According to phylogenetic analyses and elucidation of the crystal structure, CerJ is functionally and structurally positioned between the ketosynthase catalyzing Claisen condensations and acyl-ACP shuttles, and it features a noncanonical catalytic triad. Site-directed mutagenesis and structures of CerJ in complex with substrates not only allowed us to establish a model for the reaction mechanism but also provided insights into the evolution of this important subclass of the thiolase superfamily.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the β-Lactone Proteasome Inhibitors Belactosin and Cystargolide Abstract: Belactosins and cystargolides are natural product proteasome inhibitors from Actinobacteria. Both feature dipeptidic backbones and a unique β-lactone building block. Herein, we present a detailed investigation of their biosynthesis. Identification and analysis of the corresponding gene clusters indicated that both compounds are assembled by rare single-enzyme amino acid ligases. Feeding experiments with isotope-labeled precursors and in vitro biochemistry showed that the formation of the β-lactone warhead is unprecedented and reminiscent of leucine biosynthesis, and that it involves the action of isopropylmalate synthase homologues.	1
Title: Matlystatins, new inhibitors of type IV collagenases from Actinomadura atramentaria. IV. Synthesis and structure-activity relationships of matlystatin B and its stereoisomers Abstract: The first total synthesis of matlystatin B (1a), a low molecular weight inhibitor of type IV collagenases, was accomplished, and its absolute configuration was unambiguously determined. Furthermore, ten stereoisomers of 1a were synthesized, and the inhibition of the 92 kDa type IV collagenase and of other metalloproteinases by each stereoisomer was investigated.	1
Title: Caboxamycin biosynthesis pathway and identification of novel benzoxazoles produced by cross-talk in Streptomyces sp. NTK 937 Abstract: Streptomyces sp. NTK937, producer of benzoxazole antibiotic caboxamycin, produces in addition a methyl ester derivative, O-methylcaboxamycin. Caboxamycin cluster, comprising one regulatory and nine structural genes, has been delimited, and each gene has been individually inactivated to demonstrate its role in the biosynthetic process. The O-methyltransferase potentially responsible for O-methylcaboxamycin synthesis would reside outside this cluster. Five of the genes, cbxR, cbxA, cbxB, cbxD and cbxE, encoding a SARP transcriptional regulator, salicylate synthase, 3-oxoacyl-ACP-synthase, ACP and amidohydrolase, respectively, have been found to be essential for caboxamycin biosynthesis. The remaining five structural genes were found to have paralogues distributed throughout the genome, capable of partaking in the process when their cluster homologue is inactivated. Two of such paralogues, cbxC' and cbxI', coding an AMP-dependent synthetase-ligase and an anthranilate synthase, respectively, have been identified. However, the other three genes might simultaneously have more than one paralogue, given that cbxF (DAHP synthase), cbxG (2,3-dihydro-2,3-dihydroxybenzoate dehydrogenase) and cbxH (isochorismatase) have three, three and five putative paralogue genes, respectively, of similar function within the genome. As a result of genetic manipulation, a novel benzoxazole (3'-hydroxycaboxamycin) has been identified in the salicylate synthase-deficient mutant strain ΔcbxA. 3'-hydroxycaboxamycin derives from the cross-talk between the caboxamycin and enterobactin pathways.	1
Title: An Aspergillus flavus secondary metabolic gene cluster containing a hybrid PKS-NRPS is necessary for synthesis of the 2-pyridones, leporins Abstract: The genome of the filamentous fungus, Aspergillus flavus, has been shown to harbor as many as 56 putative secondary metabolic gene clusters including the one responsible for production of the toxic and carcinogenic, polyketide synthase (PKS)-derived aflatoxins. Except for the production of aflatoxins, cyclopiazonic acid and several other metabolites the capability for metabolite production of most of these putative clusters is unknown. We investigated the regulation of expression of the PKS-non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) containing cluster 23 and determined that it produces homologs of the known 2-pyridone leporin A. Inactivation and overexpression of a cluster 23 gene encoding a putative Zn(2)-Cys(6) transcription factor (AFLA_066900, lepE) resulted in downregulation of nine and up-regulation of 8, respectively, of the fifteen SMURF-predicted cluster 23 genes thus allowing delineation of the cluster. Overexpression of lepE (OE::lepE) resulted in transformants displaying orange-red pigmented hyphae. Mass spectral analysis of A. flavus OE::lepE extracts identified the known 2-pyridone metabolite, leporin B, as well as the previously unreported dehydroxy-precursor, leporin C. We provide strong evidence that leporin B forms a unique trimeric complex with iron, not found previously for other 2-pyridones. This iron complex demonstrated antiinsectan and antifeedant properties similar to those previously found for leporin A. The OE::lepE strain showed reduced levels of conidia and sclerotia suggesting that unscheduled leporin production affects fungal developmental programs.	1
Title: Functional characterization of a veA-dependent polyketide synthase gene in Aspergillus flavus necessary for the synthesis of asparasone, a sclerotium-specific pigment Abstract: The filamentous fungus, Aspergillus flavus, produces the toxic and carcinogenic, polyketide synthase (PKS)-derived family of secondary metabolites termed aflatoxins. While analysis of the A. flavus genome has identified many other PKSs capable of producing secondary metabolites, to date, only a few other metabolites have been identified. In the process of studying how the developmental regulator, VeA, affects A. flavus secondary metabolism we discovered that mutation of veA caused a dramatic down-regulation of transcription of a polyketide synthase gene belonging to cluster 27 and the loss of the ability of the fungi to produce sclerotia. Inactivation of the cluster 27 pks (pks27) resulted in formation of greyish-yellow sclerotia rather than the dark brown sclerotia normally produced by A. flavus while conidial pigmentation was unaffected. One metabolite produced by Pks27 was identified by thin layer chromatography and mass spectral analysis as the known anthraquinone, asparasone A. Sclerotia produced by pks27 mutants were significantly less resistant to insect predation than were the sclerotia produced by the wild-type and more susceptible to the deleterious effects of ultraviolet light and heat. Normal sclerotia were previously thought to be resistant to damage because of a process of melanization similar to that known for pigmentation of conidia. Our results show that the dark brown pigments in sclerotia derive from anthraquinones produced by Pks27 rather than from the typical tetrahydronapthalene melanin production pathway. To our knowledge this is the first report on the genes involved in the biosynthesis of pigments important for sclerotial survival.	1
Title: Identification of novel metabolites from Aspergillus flavus by high resolution and multiple stage mass spectrometry Abstract: The filamentous fungus Aspergillus flavus is one of the most important species in the Aspergillus genus and is distributed worldwide as a prevalent aflatoxin-producing food and feed contaminant. A. flavus contains more than 55 gene clusters that are predicted to encode proteins involved in secondary metabolite production. One of these, cluster 27, contains a polyketide synthase (pks27) gene that encodes a protein that is highly homologous to the aflatoxin cluster PKS. Comparative metabolomics, using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography (UHPLC) coupled to high resolution Orbitrap mass spectrometry (MS) was used to detect metabolites differentially expressed in the A. flavus wild-type and ∆pks27 mutant strains. Metabolite profiling was aided by a statistical differential analysis of MS data using SIEVE software. This differential analysis combined with accurate mass data from the Orbitrap and ion trap multiple stage MS allowed four metabolites to be identified that were produced only by the wild-type culture. These included asparasone A (358 Da), an anthraquinone pigment, and related anthraquinones with masses of 316, 340 and 374 Da. These latter three compounds had similar fragmentation patterns to that of asparasone A. The 316 Da anthraquinone is particularly interesting because it is most likely formed by incorporation of seven malonyl-CoA units rather than the eight units required for the formation of asparasone A. The 340 and 374 Da metabolites are the dehydration and an oxy-derivative of asparasone A, respectively. Asparasone A was also identified in extracts from several other Aspergillus species.	1
Title: Draft genome sequence of an efficient antibiotic-producing industrial strain of Saccharomonospora azurea, SZMC 14600 Abstract: Although certain rare actinomycetes have been recognized as prolific sources of bioactive natural products, their potential for producing biologically active metabolites still remains unexplored. With the aim of gaining global insights into the genetic background and the metabolic capability of Saccharomonospora azurea SZMC 14600, whole-genome sequencing was performed.	1
Title: Genome Mining and Assembly-Line Biosynthesis of the UCS1025A Pyrrolizidinone Family of Fungal Alkaloids Abstract: UCS1025A is a fungal polyketide/alkaloid that displays strong inhibition of telomerase. The structures of UCS1025A and related natural products are featured by a tricyclic furopyrrolizidine connected to a trans-decalin fragment. We mined the genome of a thermophilic fungus and activated the ucs gene cluster to produce UCS1025A at a high titer. Genetic and biochemical analysis revealed a PKS-NRPS assembly line that activates 2S,3S-methylproline derived from l-isoleucine, followed by Knoevenagel condensation to construct the pyrrolizidine moiety. Oxidation of the 3S-methyl group to a carboxylate leads to an oxa-Michael cyclization and furnishes the furopyrrolizidine. Our work reveals a new strategy used by nature to construct heterocyclic alkaloid-like ring systems using assembly line logic.	1
Title: UCS1025A and B, new antitumor antibiotics from the fungus Acremonium species Abstract: [structure: see text] UCS1025A and B, novel pentacyclic polyketides with an unprecedented furopyrrolizidine skeleton, were isolated from the fungus Acremonium sp. KY4917. The structures and stereochemistry were elucidated by a combination of two-dimensional NMR and X-ray crystallographic analysis. UCS1025A showed unique chemical equilibria involving three tautomeric isomers and exhibited antimicrobial activity and antiproliferative activity against human tumor cell lines.	1
Title: The genome analysis of Candidatus Burkholderia crenata reveals that secondary metabolism may be a key function of the Ardisia crenata leaf nodule symbiosis Abstract: A majority of Ardisia species harbour Burkholderia sp. bacteria within specialized leaf nodules. The bacteria are transmitted hereditarily and have not yet been cultured outside of their host. Because the plants cannot develop beyond the seedling stage without their symbionts, the symbiosis is considered obligatory. We sequenced for the first time the genome of Candidatus Burkholderia crenata (Ca. B. crenata), the leaf nodule symbiont of Ardisia crenata. The genome of Ca. B. crenata is the smallest Burkholderia genome to date. It contains a large amount of insertion sequences and pseudogenes and displays features consistent with reductive genome evolution. The genome does not encode functions commonly associated with plant symbioses such as nitrogen fixation and plant hormone metabolism. However, we identified unique genes with a predicted role in secondary metabolism in the genome of Ca. B. crenata. Specifically, we provide evidence that the bacterial symbionts are responsible for the synthesis of compound FR900359, a cyclic depsipeptide with biomedical properties previously isolated from leaves of A. crenata.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression, Biosynthetic Studies, and Ecological Function of the Selective Gq-Signaling Inhibitor FR900359 Abstract: The cyclic depsipeptide FR900359 (FR), isolated from the tropical plant Ardisia crenata, is a strong and selective inhibitor of Gq proteins, making it an indispensable pharmacological tool to study Gq-related processes, as well as a promising drug candidate. Gq inhibition is a novel mode of action for defense chemicals and crucial for the ecological function of FR, as shown by in vivo experiments in mice, its affinity to insect Gq proteins, and insect toxicity studies. The uncultured endosymbiont of A. crenata was sequenced, revealing the FR nonribosomal peptide synthetase (frs) gene cluster. We here provide a detailed model of FR biosynthesis, supported by in vitro enzymatic and bioinformatic studies, and the novel analogue AC-1, which demonstrates the flexibility of the FR starter condensation domains. Finally, expression of the frs genes in E. coli led to heterologous FR production in a cultivable, bacterial host for the first time.	1
Title: Cooperative Involvement of Glycosyltransferases in the Transfer of Amino Sugars during the Biosynthesis of the Macrolactam Sipanmycin by Streptomyces sp. Strain CS149 Abstract: Macrolactams comprise a family of natural compounds with important bioactivities, such as antibiotic, antifungal, and antiproliferative activities. Sipanmycins A and B are two novel members of this family, with two sugar moieties attached to the aglycon. In the related macrolactam vicenistatin, the sugar moiety has been proven to be essential for cytotoxicity. In this work, the gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of sipanmycins (sip cluster) in Streptomyces sp. strain CS149 is described and the steps involved in the glycosylation of the final compounds unraveled. Also, the cooperation of two different glycosyltransferases in each glycosylation step is demonstrated. Additionally, the essential role of SipO2 as an auxiliary protein in the incorporation of the second deoxy sugar is addressed. In light of the results obtained by the generation of mutant strains and in silico characterization of the sip cluster, a biosynthetic pathway for sipanmycins and the two deoxy sugars attached is proposed. Finally, the importance of the hydroxyl group at C-10 of the macrolactam ring and the sugar moieties for cytotoxicity and antibiotic activity of sipanmycins is shown.IMPORTANCE The rapid emergence of infectious diseases and multiresistant pathogens has increased the necessity for new bioactive compounds; thus, novel strategies have to be developed to find them. Actinomycetes isolated in symbiosis with insects have attracted attention in recent years as producers of metabolites with important bioactivities. Sipanmycins are glycosylated macrolactams produced by Streptomyces sp. CS149, isolated from leaf-cutting ants, and show potent cytotoxic activity. Here, we characterize the sip cluster and propose a biosynthetic pathway for sipanmycins. As far as we know, it is the first time that the cooperation between two different glycosyltransferases is demonstrated to be strictly necessary for the incorporation of the same sugar. Also, a third protein with homology to P450 monooxygenases, SipO2, is shown to be essential in the second glycosylation step, forming a complex with the glycosyltransferase pair SipS9-SipS14.	1
Title: Uncovering production of specialized metabolites by Streptomyces argillaceus: Activation of cryptic biosynthesis gene clusters using nutritional and genetic approaches Abstract: Sequencing of Streptomyces genomes has revealed they harbor a high number of biosynthesis gene cluster (BGC), which uncovered their enormous potentiality to encode specialized metabolites. However, these metabolites are not usually produced under standard laboratory conditions. In this manuscript we report the activation of BGCs for antimycins, carotenoids, germicidins and desferrioxamine compounds in Streptomyces argillaceus, and the identification of the encoded compounds. This was achieved by following different strategies, including changing the growth conditions, heterologous expression of the cluster and inactivating the adpAa or overexpressing the abrC3 global regulatory genes. In addition, three new carotenoid compounds have been identified.	1
Title: Characterization of the Jomthonic Acids Biosynthesis Pathway and Isolation of Novel Analogues in Streptomyces caniferus GUA-06-05-006A Abstract: Jomthonic acids (JAs) are a group of natural products (NPs) with adipogenic activity. Structurally, JAs are formed by a modified β-methylphenylalanine residue, whose biosynthesis involves a methyltransferase that in Streptomyces hygroscopicus has been identified as MppJ. Up to date, three JA members (A⁻C) and a few other natural products containing β-methylphenylalanine have been discovered from soil-derived microorganisms. Herein, we report the identification of a gene (jomM) coding for a putative methyltransferase highly identical to MppJ in the chromosome of the marine actinobacteria Streptomyces caniferus GUA-06-05-006A. In its 5' region, jomM clusters with two polyketide synthases (PKS) (jomP1, jomP2), a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) (jomN) and a thioesterase gene (jomT), possibly conforming a single transcriptional unit. Insertion of a strong constitutive promoter upstream of jomP1 led to the detection of JA A, along with at least two novel JA family members (D and E). Independent inactivation of jomP1, jomN and jomM abolished production of JA A, JA D and JA E, indicating the involvement of these genes in JA biosynthesis. Heterologous expression of the JA biosynthesis cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M1152 and in Streptomyces albus J1074 led to the production of JA A, B, C and F. We propose a pathway for JAs biosynthesis based on the findings here described.	1
Title: Comparative transcriptomics as a guide to natural product discovery and biosynthetic gene cluster functionality Abstract: Bacterial natural products remain an important source of new medicines. DNA sequencing has revealed that a majority of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) maintained in bacterial genomes have yet to be linked to the small molecules whose biosynthesis they encode. Efforts to discover the products of these orphan BGCs are driving the development of genome mining techniques based on the premise that many are transcriptionally silent during normal laboratory cultivation. Here, we employ comparative transcriptomics to assess BGC expression among four closely related strains of marine bacteria belonging to the genus Salinispora The results reveal that slightly more than half of the BGCs are expressed at levels that should facilitate product detection. By comparing the expression profiles of similar gene clusters in different strains, we identified regulatory genes whose inactivation appears linked to cluster silencing. The significance of these subtle differences between expressed and silent BGCs could not have been predicted a priori and was only revealed by comparative transcriptomics. Evidence for the conservation of silent clusters among a larger number of strains for which genome sequences are available suggests they may be under different regulatory control from the expressed forms or that silencing may represent an underappreciated mechanism of gene cluster evolution. Coupling gene expression and metabolomics data established a bioinformatic link between the salinipostins and their associated BGC, while genetic manipulation established the genetic basis for this series of compounds, which were previously unknown from Salinispora pacifica.	1
Title: Amycolatopsis regifaucium sp. nov., a novel actinomycete that produces kigamicins Abstract: The taxonomic position of seven soil actinomycetes provisionally assigned to the genus Amycolatopsis was established in a polyphasic study. The isolates, which had identical 16S rRNA gene sequences, had closest similarity to the type strain of Amycolatopsis orientalis. A representative isolate, strain GY080T, had chemotaxonomic properties that were typical of the genus Amycolatopsis and could be distinguished from the type strain of A. orientalis using DNA-DNA relatedness data. All of the isolates shared a phenotypic profile that distinguished them from representatives of phylogenetically closely related species. Amplified rDNA restriction analysis showed that the isolates formed a homogeneous group that was distinctly separate from single-membered groups consisting of representative Amycolatopsis type strains, including that of A. orientalis. Based on the combined genotypic and phenotypic evidence, it is proposed that the seven isolates be classified as representatives of a novel species for which the name Amycolatopsis regifaucium sp. nov. is proposed. The type strain is GY080T (=DSM 45072T=NCIMB 14277T).	1
Title: Amycolatopsis decaplanina sp. nov., a novel member of the genus with unusual morphology Abstract: Strain DSM 44594T, which produces the glycopeptide antibiotic decaplanin, is a member of the genus Amycolatopsis based on 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis and chemotaxonomic properties. It is the first member of this genus that is reported to form pseudosporangia, which resemble those of members of the genus Kibdelosporangium. Phylogenetically, the novel taxon is related to Amycolatopsis orientalis, Amycolatopsis lurida, Amycolatopsis azurea, Amycolatopsis japonica and Amycolatopsis keratiniphila. Morphological, cultural and physiological properties, the production of a unique glycolipid and DNA-DNA similarity of <55% with phylogenetically related strains reveal that strain DSM 44594T represents a novel species of the genus, for which the name Amycolatopsis decaplanina sp. nov. (type strain, FH 1845T=DSM 44594T=NRRL B-24209T) is proposed.	1
Title: Draft Genome Sequence of Amycolatopsis decaplanina Strain DSM 44594T Abstract: We report the 8.5-Mb genome sequence of Amycolatopsis decaplanina strain DSM 44594(T), isolated from a soil sample from India. The draft genome of strain DSM 44594(T) consists of 8,533,276 bp with a 68.6% G+C content, 7,899 protein-coding genes, and 57 RNAs.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of coral settlement cue tetrabromopyrrole in marine bacteria by a uniquely adapted brominase-thioesterase enzyme pair Abstract: Halogenated pyrroles (halopyrroles) are common chemical moieties found in bioactive bacterial natural products. The halopyrrole moieties of mono- and dihalopyrrole-containing compounds arise from a conserved mechanism in which a proline-derived pyrrolyl group bound to a carrier protein is first halogenated and then elaborated by peptidic or polyketide extensions. This paradigm is broken during the marine pseudoalteromonad bacterial biosynthesis of the coral larval settlement cue tetrabromopyrrole (1), which arises from the substitution of the proline-derived carboxylate by a bromine atom. To understand the molecular basis for decarboxylative bromination in the biosynthesis of 1, we sequenced two Pseudoalteromonas genomes and identified a conserved four-gene locus encoding the enzymes involved in its complete biosynthesis. Through total in vitro reconstitution of the biosynthesis of 1 using purified enzymes and biochemical interrogation of individual biochemical steps, we show that all four bromine atoms in 1 are installed by the action of a single flavin-dependent halogenase: Bmp2. Tetrabromination of the pyrrole induces a thioesterase-mediated offloading reaction from the carrier protein and activates the biosynthetic intermediate for decarboxylation. Insights into the tetrabrominating activity of Bmp2 were obtained from the high-resolution crystal structure of the halogenase contrasted against structurally homologous halogenase Mpy16 that forms only a dihalogenated pyrrole in marinopyrrole biosynthesis. Structure-guided mutagenesis of the proposed substrate-binding pocket of Bmp2 led to a reduction in the degree of halogenation catalyzed. Our study provides a biogenetic basis for the biosynthesis of 1 and sets a firm foundation for querying the biosynthetic potential for the production of 1 in marine (meta)genomes.	1
Title: Enzymatic Reductive Dehalogenation Controls the Biosynthesis of Marine Bacterial Pyrroles Abstract: Enzymes capable of performing dehalogenating reactions have attracted tremendous contemporary attention due to their potential application in the bioremediation of anthropogenic polyhalogenated persistent organic pollutants. Nature, in particular the marine environment, is also a prolific source of polyhalogenated organic natural products. The study of the biosynthesis of these natural products has furnished a diverse array of halogenation biocatalysts, but thus far no examples of dehalogenating enzymes have been reported from a secondary metabolic pathway. Here we show that the penultimate step in the biosynthesis of the highly brominated marine bacterial product pentabromopseudilin is catalyzed by an unusual debrominase Bmp8 that utilizes a redox thiol mechanism to remove the C-2 bromine atom of 2,3,4,5-tetrabromopyrrole to facilitate oxidative coupling to 2,4-dibromophenol. To the best of our knowledge, Bmp8 is first example of a dehalogenating enzyme from the established genetic and biochemical context of a natural product biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Organohalogens Naturally Biosynthesized in Marine Environments and Produced as Disinfection Byproducts Alter Sarco/Endoplasmic Reticulum Ca2+ Dynamics Abstract: Contemporary sources of organohalogens produced as disinfection byproducts (DBPs) are receiving considerable attention as emerging pollutants because of their abundance, persistence, and potential to structurally mimic natural organohalogens produced by bacteria that serve signaling or toxicological functions in marine environments. Here, we tested 34 organohalogens from anthropogenic and marine sources to identify compounds active toward ryanodine receptor (RyR1), known toxicological targets of non-dioxin-like polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs). [3H]Ryanodine ([3H]Ry) binding screening (≤2 μM) identified 10 highly active organohalogens. Further analysis indicated that 2,3-dibromoindole (14), tetrabromopyrrole (31), and 2,3,5-tribromopyrrole (34) at 10 μM were the most efficacious at enhancing [3H]Ry binding. Interestingly, these congeners also inhibited microsomal sarcoplasmic/endoplasmic reticulum (SR/ER) Ca2+ ATPase (SERCA1a). Dual SERCA1a inhibition and RyR1 activation triggered Ca2+ efflux from microsomal vesicles with initial rates rank ordered 31 > 34 > 14. Hexabromobipyrroles (25) enhanced [3H]Ry binding moderately with strong SERCA1a inhibition, whereas pyrrole (24), 2,3,4-tribromopyrrole (26), and ethyl-4-bromopyrrole-2-carboxylate (27) were inactive. Of three PBDE derivatives of marine origin active in the [3H]Ry assay, 4'-hydroxy-2,3',4,5',6-pentabromodiphenyl ether (18) was also a highly potent SERCA1a inhibitor. Molecular targets of marine organohalogens that are also DBPs of emerging environmental concern are likely to contribute to their toxicity.	1
Title: Genome mining for natural product biosynthetic gene clusters in the Subsection V cyanobacteria Abstract: Background:                       Cyanobacteria are well known for the production of a range of secondary metabolites. Whilst recent genome sequencing projects has led to an increase in the number of publically available cyanobacterial genomes, the secondary metabolite potential of many of these organisms remains elusive. Our study focused on the 11 publically available Subsection V cyanobacterial genomes, together with the draft genomes of Westiella intricata UH strain HT-29-1 and Hapalosiphon welwitschii UH strain IC-52-3, for their genetic potential to produce secondary metabolites. The Subsection V cyanobacterial genomes analysed in this study are reported to produce a diverse range of natural products, including the hapalindole-family of compounds, microcystin, hapalosin, mycosporine-like amino acids and hydrocarbons.                  Results:                       A putative gene cluster for the cyclic depsipeptide hapalosin, known to reverse P-glycoprotein multiple drug resistance, was identified within three Subsection V cyanobacterial genomes, including the producing cyanobacterium H. welwitschii UH strain IC-52-3. A number of orphan NRPS/PKS gene clusters and ribosomally-synthesised and post translationally-modified peptide gene clusters (including cyanobactin, microviridin and bacteriocin gene clusters) were identified. Furthermore, gene clusters encoding the biosynthesis of mycosporine-like amino acids, scytonemin, hydrocarbons and terpenes were also identified and compared.                  Conclusions:                       Genome mining has revealed the diversity, abundance and complex nature of the secondary metabolite potential of the Subsection V cyanobacteria. This bioinformatic study has identified novel biosynthetic enzymes which have not been associated with gene clusters of known classes of natural products, suggesting that these cyanobacteria potentially produce structurally novel secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Direct Pathway Cloning Combined with Sequence- and Ligation-Independent Cloning for Fast Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Refactoring and Heterologous Expression Abstract: The need for new pharmacological lead structures, especially against drug resistances, has led to a surge in natural product research and discovery. New biosynthetic gene cluster capturing methods to efficiently clone and heterologously express natural product pathways have thus been developed. Direct pathway cloning (DiPaC) is an emerging synthetic biology strategy that utilizes long-amplification PCR and HiFi DNA assembly for the capture and expression of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters. Here, we have further streamlined DiPaC by reducing cloning time and reagent costs by utilizing T4 DNA polymerase (sequence- and ligation-independent cloning, SLIC) for gene cluster capture. As a proof of principle, the majority of the cyanobacterial hapalosin gene cluster was cloned as a single piece (23 kb PCR product) using this approach, and predicted transcriptional terminators were removed by simultaneous pathway refactoring, leading to successful heterologous expression. The complementation of DiPaC with SLIC depicts a time and cost-efficient method for simple capture and expression of new natural product pathways.	1
Title: Identification of the Biosynthetic Pathway for the Antibiotic Bicyclomycin Abstract: Diketopiperazines (DKPs) make up a large group of natural products with diverse structures and biological activities. Bicyclomycin is a broad-spectrum DKP antibiotic with unique structure and function: it contains a highly oxidized bicyclic [4.2.2] ring and is the only known selective inhibitor of the bacterial transcription termination factor, Rho. Here, we identify the biosynthetic gene cluster for bicyclomycin containing six iron-dependent oxidases. We demonstrate that the DKP core is made by a tRNA-dependent cyclodipeptide synthase, and hydroxylations on two unactivated sp3 carbons are performed by two mononuclear iron, α-ketoglutarate-dependent hydroxylases. Using bioinformatics, we also identify a homologous gene cluster prevalent in a human pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa. We detect bicyclomycin by overexpressing this gene cluster and establish P. aeruginosa as a new producer of bicyclomycin. Our work uncovers the biosynthetic pathway for bicyclomycin and sheds light on the intriguing oxidation chemistry that converts a simple DKP into a powerful antibiotic.	1
Title: Discovery and Biosynthesis of the Antibiotic Bicyclomycin in Distantly Related Bacterial Classes Abstract: Bicyclomycin (BCM) is a clinically promising antibiotic that is biosynthesized by Streptomyces cinnamoneus DSM 41675. BCM is structurally characterized by a core cyclo(l-Ile-l-Leu) 2,5-diketopiperazine (DKP) that is extensively oxidized. Here, we identify the BCM biosynthetic gene cluster, which shows that the core of BCM is biosynthesized by a cyclodipeptide synthase, and the oxidative modifications are introduced by five 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenases and one cytochrome P450 monooxygenase. The discovery of the gene cluster enabled the identification of BCM pathways encoded by the genomes of hundreds of Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates distributed globally, and heterologous expression of the pathway from P. aeruginosa SCV20265 demonstrated that the product is chemically identical to BCM produced by S. cinnamoneus Overall, putative BCM gene clusters have been found in at least seven genera spanning Actinobacteria and Proteobacteria (Alphaproteobacteria, Betaproteobacteria, and Gammaproteobacteria). This represents a rare example of horizontal gene transfer of an intact biosynthetic gene cluster across such distantly related bacteria, and we show that these gene clusters are almost always associated with mobile genetic elements.IMPORTANCE Bicyclomycin is the only natural product antibiotic that selectively inhibits the transcription termination factor Rho. This mechanism of action, combined with its proven biological safety and its activity against clinically relevant Gram-negative bacterial pathogens, makes it a very promising antibiotic candidate. Here, we report the identification of the bicyclomycin biosynthetic gene cluster in the known bicyclomycin-producing organism Streptomyces cinnamoneus, which will enable the engineered production of new bicyclomycin derivatives. The identification of this gene cluster also led to the discovery of hundreds of bicyclomycin pathways encoded in highly diverse bacteria, including in the opportunistic pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa This wide distribution of a complex biosynthetic pathway is very unusual and provides an insight into how a pathway for an antibiotic can be transferred between diverse bacteria.	1
Title: Bipartite interactions, antibiotic production and biosynthetic potential of the Arabidopsis leaf microbiome Abstract: Plants are colonized by phylogenetically diverse microorganisms that affect plant growth and health. Representative genome-sequenced culture collections of bacterial isolates from model plants, including Arabidopsis thaliana, have recently been established. These resources provide opportunities for systematic interaction screens combined with genome mining to discover uncharacterized natural products. Here, we report on the biosynthetic potential of 224 strains isolated from the A. thaliana phyllosphere. Genome mining identified more than 1,000 predicted natural product biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs), hundreds of which are unknown compared to the MIBiG database of characterized BGCs. For functional validation, we used a high-throughput screening approach to monitor over 50,000 binary strain combinations. We observed 725 inhibitory interactions, with 26 strains contributing to the majority of these. A combination of imaging mass spectrometry and bioactivity-guided fractionation of the most potent inhibitor, the BGC-rich Brevibacillus sp. Leaf182, revealed three distinct natural product scaffolds that contribute to the observed antibiotic activity. Moreover, a genome mining-based strategy led to the isolation of a trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthase-derived antibiotic, macrobrevin, which displays an unprecedented natural product structure. Our findings demonstrate that the phyllosphere is a valuable environment for the identification of antibiotics and natural products with unusual scaffolds.	1
Title: Bioinformatic Expansion and Discovery of Thiopeptide Antibiotics Abstract: Thiopeptides are members of the ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide family of natural products. Most characterized thiopeptides display nanomolar potency toward Gram-positive bacteria by blocking protein translation with several being produced at the industrial scale for veterinary and livestock applications. Employing our custom bioinformatics program, RODEO, we expand the thiopeptide family of natural products by a factor of four. This effort revealed many new thiopeptide biosynthetic gene clusters with products predicted to be distinct from characterized thiopeptides and identified gene clusters for previously characterized molecules of unknown biosynthetic origin. To further validate our data set of predicted thiopeptide biosynthetic gene clusters, we isolated and characterized a structurally unique thiopeptide featuring a central piperidine and rare thioamide moiety. Termed saalfelduracin, this thiopeptide displayed potent antibiotic activity toward several drug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens. A combination of whole-genome sequencing, comparative genomics, and heterologous expression experiments confirmed that the thioamide moiety of saalfelduracin is installed post-translationally by the joint action of two proteins, TfuA and YcaO. These results reconcile the previously unknown origin of the thioamide in two long-known thiopeptides, thiopeptin and Sch 18640. Armed with these new insights into thiopeptide chemical-genomic space, we provide a roadmap for the discovery of additional members of this natural product family.	1
Title: Enzymatic reconstitution of ribosomal peptide backbone thioamidation Abstract: Methyl-coenzyme M reductase (MCR) is an essential enzyme found strictly in methanogenic and methanotrophic archaea. MCR catalyzes a reversible reaction involved in the production and consumption of the potent greenhouse gas methane. The α-subunit of this enzyme (McrA) contains several unusual posttranslational modifications, including the only known naturally occurring example of protein thioamidation. We have recently demonstrated by genetic deletion and mass spectrometry that the tfuA and ycaO genes of Methanosarcina acetivorans are involved in thioamidation of Gly465 in the MCR active site. Modification to thioGly has been postulated to stabilize the active site structure of MCR. Herein, we report the in vitro reconstitution of ribosomal peptide thioamidation using heterologously expressed and purified YcaO and TfuA proteins from M. acetivorans Like other reported YcaO proteins, this reaction is ATP-dependent but requires an external sulfide source. We also reconstitute the thioamidation activity of two TfuA-independent YcaOs from the hyperthermophilic methanogenic archaea Methanopyrus kandleri and Methanocaldococcus jannaschii Using these proteins, we demonstrate the basis for substrate recognition and regioselectivity of thioamide formation based on extensive mutagenesis, biochemical, and binding studies. Finally, we report nucleotide-free and nucleotide-bound crystal structures for the YcaO proteins from M. kandleri Sequence and structure-guided mutagenesis with subsequent biochemical evaluation have allowed us to assign roles for residues involved in thioamidation and confirm that the reaction proceeds via backbone O-phosphorylation. These data assign a new biochemical reaction to the YcaO superfamily and paves the way for further characterization of additional peptide backbone posttranslational modifications.	1
Title: The posttranslational modification cascade to the thiopeptide berninamycin generates linear forms and altered macrocyclic scaffolds Abstract: Berninamycin is a member of the pyridine-containing thiopeptide class of antibiotics that undergoes massive posttranslational modifications from ribosomally generated preproteins. Berninamycin has a 2-oxazolyl-3-thiazolyl-pyridine core embedded in a 35-atom macrocycle rather than typical trithiazolylpyridine cores embedded in 26-atom and 29-atom peptide macrocycles. We describe the cloning of an 11-gene berninamycin cluster from Streptomyces bernensis UC 5144, its heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans TK24 and Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 10712, and detection of variant and incompletely processed scaffolds. Posttranslational maturation in S. lividans of both the wild-type berninamycin prepeptide (BerA) and also a T3A mutant generates macrocyclic compounds as well as linear variants, which have failed to form the pyridine and the macrocycle. Expression of the gene cluster in S. venezuelae generates a variant of the 35-atom skeleton of berninamycin, containing a methyloxazoline in the place of a methyloxazole within the macrocyclic framework.	1
Title: Resistance-gene-directed discovery of a natural-product herbicide with a new mode of action Abstract: Bioactive natural products have evolved to inhibit specific cellular targets and have served as lead molecules for health and agricultural applications for the past century1-3. The post-genomics era has brought a renaissance in the discovery of natural products using synthetic-biology tools4-6. However, compared to traditional bioactivity-guided approaches, genome mining of natural products with specific and potent biological activities remains challenging4. Here we present the discovery and validation of a potent herbicide that targets a critical metabolic enzyme that is required for plant survival. Our approach is based on the co-clustering of a self-resistance gene in the natural-product biosynthesis gene cluster7-9, which provides insight into the potential biological activity of the encoded compound. We targeted dihydroxy-acid dehydratase in the branched-chain amino acid biosynthetic pathway in plants; the last step in this pathway is often targeted for herbicide development10. We show that the fungal sesquiterpenoid aspterric acid, which was discovered using the method described above, is a sub-micromolar inhibitor of dihydroxy-acid dehydratase that is effective as a herbicide in spray applications. The self-resistance gene astD was validated to be insensitive to aspterric acid and was deployed as a transgene in the establishment of plants that are resistant to aspterric acid. This herbicide-resistance gene combination complements the urgent ongoing efforts to overcome weed resistance11. Our discovery demonstrates the potential of using a resistance-gene-directed approach in the discovery of bioactive natural products.	1
Title: Direct Pathway Cloning (DiPaC) to unlock natural product biosynthetic potential Abstract: Specialized metabolites from bacteria are an important source of inspiration for drug development. The genes required for the biosynthesis of such metabolites in bacteria are usually organized in so-called biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). Using modern bioinformatic tools, the wealth of genomic data can be scanned for such BGCs and the expected products can often structurally be predicted in silico. This facilitates the directed discovery of putatively novel bacterial metabolites. However, the production of these molecules often requires genetic manipulation of the BGC for activation or the expression of the pathway in a heterologous host. The latter necessitates the transplantation of the BGC into a suitable expression system. To achieve this goal, powerful cloning strategies based on in vivo homologous recombination have recently been developed. This includes LCHR and LLHR in E. coli as well as TAR cloning in yeast. Here, we present Direct Pathway Cloning (DiPaC) as an efficient complementary BGC capturing strategy that relies on long-amplicon PCR and in vitro DNA assembly. This straightforward approach facilitates full pathway assembly, BGC refactoring and direct transfer into any vector backbone in vitro. The broad applicability and efficiency of DiPaC is demonstrated by the discovery of a new phenazine from Serratia fonticola, the first heterologous production of anabaenopeptins from Nostoc punctiforme and the transfer of the native erythromycin BGC from Saccharopolyspora erythraea into Streptomyces. Due to its simplicity, we envisage DiPaC to become an essential method for BGC cloning and metabolic pathways construction with significant applications in metabolic engineering, synthetic biology and biotechnology.	1
Title: Identification of homophenylalanine biosynthetic genes from the cyanobacterium Nostoc punctiforme PCC73102 and application to its microbial production by Escherichia coli Abstract: L-Homophenylalanine (L-Hph) is a useful chiral building block for synthesis of several drugs, including angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and the novel proteasome inhibitor carfilzomib. While the chemoenzymatic route of synthesis is fully developed, we investigated microbial production of L-Hph to explore the possibility of a more efficient and sustainable approach to L-Hph production. We hypothesized that L-Hph is synthesized from L-Phe via a mechanism homologous to 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoic acid conversion to 4-methyl-2-oxopentanoic acid during leucine biosynthesis. Based on bioinformatics analysis, we found three putative homophenylalanine biosynthesis genes, hphA (Npun_F2464), hphB (Npun_F2457), and hphCD (Npun_F2458), in the cyanobacterium Nostoc punctiforme PCC73102, located around the gene cluster responsible for anabaenopeptin biosynthesis. We constructed Escherichia coli strains harboring hphABCD-expressing plasmids and achieved the fermentative production of L-Hph from L-Phe. To our knowledge, this is the first identification of the genes responsible for homophenylalanine synthesis in any organism. Furthermore, to improve the low conversion efficiency of the initial strain, we optimized the expression of hphA, hphB, and hphCD, which increased the yield to ∼630 mg/liter. The L-Hph biosynthesis and L-Leu biosynthesis genes from E. coli were also compared. This analysis revealed that HphB has comparatively relaxed substrate specificity and can perform the function of LeuB, but HphA and HphCD show tight substrate specificity and cannot complement the LeuA and LeuC/LeuD functions, and vice versa. Finally, the range of substrate tolerance of the L-Hph-producing strain was examined, which showed that m-fluorophenylalanine, o-fluorophenylalanine, and L-tyrosine were accepted as substrates and that the corresponding homoamino acids were generated.	1
Title: Tundrenone: An Atypical Secondary Metabolite from Bacteria with Highly Restricted Primary Metabolism Abstract: Methane-oxidizing bacteria, aerobes that utilize methane as their sole carbon and energy source, are being increasingly studied for their environmentally significant ability to remove methane from the atmosphere. Their genomes indicate that they also have a robust and unusual secondary metabolism. Bioinformatic analysis of the Methylobacter tundripaludum genome identified biosynthetic gene clusters for several intriguing metabolites, and this report discloses the structural and genetic characterization of tundrenone, one of these metabolites. Tundrenone is a highly oxidized metabolite that incorporates both a modified bicyclic chorismate-derived fragment and a modified lipid tail bearing a β,γ-unsaturated α-hydroxy ketone. Tundrenone has been genetically linked to its biosynthetic gene cluster, and quorum sensing activates its production. M. tundripaludum's genome and tundrenone's discovery support the idea that additional studies of methane-oxidizing bacteria will reveal new naturally occurring molecular scaffolds and the biosynthetic pathways that produce them.	1
Title: Quorum Sensing in a Methane-Oxidizing Bacterium Abstract: Aerobic methanotrophic bacteria use methane as their sole source of carbon and energy and serve as a major sink for the potent greenhouse gas methane in freshwater ecosystems. Dissecting the molecular details of how these organisms interact in the environment may increase our understanding of how they perform this important ecological role. Many bacterial species use quorum sensing (QS) systems to regulate gene expression in a cell density-dependent manner. We have identified a QS system in the genome of Methylobacter tundripaludum, a dominant methane oxidizer in methane enrichments of sediment from Lake Washington (Seattle, WA). We determined that M. tundripaludum produces primarily N-3-hydroxydecanoyl-l-homoserine lactone (3-OH-C10-HSL) and that its production is governed by a positive feedback loop. We then further characterized this system by determining which genes are regulated by QS in this methane oxidizer using transcriptome sequencing (RNA-seq) and discovered that this system regulates the expression of a putative nonribosomal peptide synthetase biosynthetic gene cluster. Finally, we detected an extracellular factor that is produced by M. tundripaludum in a QS-dependent manner. These results identify and characterize a mode of cellular communication in an aerobic methane-oxidizing bacterium.IMPORTANCE Aerobic methanotrophs are critical for sequestering carbon from the potent greenhouse gas methane in the environment, yet the mechanistic details of chemical interactions in methane-oxidizing bacterial communities are not well understood. Understanding these interactions is important in order to maintain, and potentially optimize, the functional potential of the bacteria that perform this vital ecosystem function. In this work, we identify a quorum sensing system in the aerobic methanotroph Methylobacter tundripaludum and use both chemical and genetic methods to characterize this system at the molecular level.	1
Title: Genetic dissection of sesquiterpene biosynthesis by Fusarium fujikuroi Abstract: A treasure trove of terpenes: The products of two fungal sesquiterpene synthases from the rice pathogen Fusarium fujikuroi were identified by gene-knockout experiments, genetic engineering of the fungus for production optimization, isolation of the sesquiterpenes, and structure elucidation by spectroscopic methods.	1
Title: Structure and specificity of a permissive bacterial C-prenyltransferase Abstract: This study highlights the biochemical and structural characterization of the L-tryptophan C6 C-prenyltransferase (C-PT) PriB from Streptomyces sp. RM-5-8. PriB was found to be uniquely permissive to a diverse array of prenyl donors and acceptors including daptomycin. Two additional PTs also produced novel prenylated daptomycins with improved antibacterial activities over the parent drug.	1
Title: Terfestatins B and C, New p-Terphenyl Glycosides Produced by Streptomyces sp. RM-5-8 Abstract: Terfestatins B (1) and C (2), new p-terphenyls bearing a novel unsaturated hexuronic acid (4-deoxy-α-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronate), a unique β-D-glycosyl ester of 5-isoprenylindole-3-carboxylate (3) and the same rare sugar, and two new hygromycin precursors, were characterized as metabolites of the coal mine fire isolate Streptomyces sp. RM-5-8. EtOH damage neuroprotection assays using rat hippocampal-derived primary cell cultures with 1, 2, 3 and echoside B (a terfestatin C-3'-β-D-glucuronide from Streptomyces sp. RM-5-8) revealed 1 as potently neuroprotective, highlighting a new potential application of the terfestatin scaffold.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of 2'-Chloropentostatin and 2'-Amino-2'-Deoxyadenosine Highlights a Single Gene Cluster Responsible for Two Independent Pathways in Actinomadura sp. Strain ATCC 39365 Abstract: 2'-Chloropentostatin (2'-Cl PTN, 2'-chloro-2'-deoxycoformycin) and 2'-amino-2'-deoxyadenosine (2'-amino dA) are two adenosine-derived nucleoside antibiotics coproduced by Actinomadura sp. strain ATCC 39365. 2'-Cl PTN is a potent adenosine deaminase (ADA) inhibitor featuring an intriguing 1,3-diazepine ring, as well as a chlorination at C-2' of ribose, and 2'-amino dA is an adenosine analog showing bioactivity against RNA-type virus infection. However, the biosynthetic logic of them has remained poorly understood. Here, we report the identification of a single gene cluster (ada) essential for the biosynthesis of 2'-Cl PTN and 2'-amino dA. Further systematic genetic investigations suggest that 2'-Cl PTN and 2'-amino dA are biosynthesized by independent pathways. Moreover, we provide evidence that a predicted cation/H+ antiporter, AdaE, is involved in the chlorination step during 2'-Cl PTN biosynthesis. Notably, we demonstrate that 2'-amino dA biosynthesis is initiated by a Nudix hydrolase, AdaJ, catalyzing the hydrolysis of ATP. Finally, we reveal that the host ADA (designated ADA1), capable of converting adenosine/2'-amino dA to inosine/2'-amino dI, is not very sensitive to the powerful ADA inhibitor pentostatin. These findings provide a basis for the further rational pathway engineering of 2'-Cl PTN and 2'-amino dA production.IMPORTANCE 2'-Cl PTN/PTN and 2'-amino dA have captivated the great interests of scientists, owing to their unusual chemical structures and remarkable bioactivities. However, the precise logic for their biosynthesis has been elusive for decades. Actually, the identification and elucidation of their biosynthetic pathways not only enrich the biochemical repertoire of novel enzymatic reactions but may also lay solid foundations for the pathway engineering and combinatorial biosynthesis of this family of purine nucleoside antibiotics to generate novel hybrid analogs with improved features.	1
Title: [Identification of 3-demethylchuangxinmycin from Actinoplanes tsinanensis CPCC 200056] Abstract: Chuangxinmycin (CM) from Actinoplanes tsinanensis was an antibiotic discovered by Chinese scientists about 40 years ago. It contains a new heterocyclic system of indole fused with dihydrothiopyran, whose biosynthetic mechanism remains unclear. CM is used as an oral medicine in the treatment of bacterial infections in China. The simple structure makes CM as an attractive candidate of structure modification for improvement of antibacterial activity. Recently, we analyzed the secondary metabolites of Actinoplanes tsinanensis CPCC 200056, a CM producing strain, as a natural CM analogue. We discovered the first natural CM analogue 3-demethylchuangxinmycin (DCM) as a new natural product. Compared to CM, DCM exhibited a much weaker activity in the inhibition of the bacterial strains tested. The finding provides valuable information for the structure-activity relationship in the biosynthesis of CM.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression Guides Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster of Chuangxinmycin, an Indole Alkaloid Antibiotic Abstract: The indole alkaloid antibiotic chuangxinmycin, from Actinobacteria Actinoplanes tsinanensis, containing a unique thiopyrano[4,3,2- cd]indole scaffold, is a potent and selective inhibitor of bacterial tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase. The chuangxinmycin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by in silico analysis of the genome sequence, then verified by heterologous expression. Systemic gene inactivation and intermediate identification determined the minimum set of genes for unique thiopyrano[4,3,2- cd]indole formation and the concerted action of a radical S-adenosylmethionine protein plus an unknown protein for addition of the 3-methyl group. These findings set a solid foundation for comprehensively investigating the biosynthesis, optimizing yield, and generating new analogues of chuangxinmycin.	1
Title: Use of a scaffold peptide in the biosynthesis of amino acid-derived natural products Abstract: Genome sequencing of environmental bacteria allows identification of biosynthetic gene clusters encoding unusual combinations of enzymes that produce unknown natural products. We identified a pathway in which a ribosomally synthesized small peptide serves as a scaffold for nonribosomal peptide extension and chemical modification. Amino acids are transferred to the carboxyl terminus of the peptide through adenosine triphosphate and amino acyl-tRNA-dependent chemistry that is independent of the ribosome. Oxidative rearrangement, carboxymethylation, and proteolysis of a terminal cysteine yields an amino acid-derived small molecule. Microcrystal electron diffraction demonstrates that the resulting product is isosteric to glutamate. We show that a similar peptide extension is used during the biosynthesis of the ammosamides, which are cytotoxic pyrroloquinoline alkaloids. These results suggest an alternative paradigm for biosynthesis of amino acid-derived natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Tropolones in Streptomyces spp.: Interweaving Biosynthesis and Degradation of Phenylacetic Acid and Hydroxylations on the Tropone Ring Abstract: Tropolonoids are important natural products that contain a unique seven-membered aromatic tropolone core and exhibit remarkable biological activities. 3,7-Dihydroxytropolone (DHT) isolated from Streptomyces species is a multiply hydroxylated tropolone exhibiting antimicrobial, anticancer, and antiviral activities. In this study, we determined the DHT biosynthetic pathway by heterologous expression, gene deletion, and biotransformation. Nine trl genes and some of the aerobic phenylacetic acid degradation pathway genes (paa) located outside the trl biosynthetic gene cluster are required for the heterologous production of DHT. The trlA gene encodes a single-domain protein homologous to the C-terminal enoyl coenzyme A (enoyl-CoA) hydratase domain of PaaZ. TrlA truncates the phenylacetic acid catabolic pathway and redirects it toward the formation of heptacyclic intermediates. TrlB is a 3-deoxy-d-arabino-heptulosonic acid-7-phosphate (DAHP) synthase homolog. TrlH is an unusual bifunctional protein bearing an N-terminal prephenate dehydratase domain and a C-terminal chorismate mutase domain. TrlB and TrlH enhanced de novo biosynthesis of phenylpyruvate, thereby providing abundant precursor for the prolific production of DHT in Streptomyces spp. Six seven-membered carbocyclic compounds were identified from the trlC, trlD, trlE, and trlF deletion mutants. Four of these chemicals, including 1,4,6-cycloheptatriene-1-carboxylic acid, tropone, tropolone, and 7-hydroxytropolone, were verified as key biosynthetic intermediates. TrlF is required for the conversion of 1,4,6-cycloheptatriene-1-carboxylic acid into tropone. The monooxygenases TrlE and TrlCD catalyze the regioselective hydroxylations of tropone to produce DHT. This study reveals a natural association of anabolism of chorismate and phenylpyruvate, catabolism of phenylacetic acid, and biosynthesis of tropolones in Streptomyces spp.IMPORTANCE Tropolonoids are promising drug lead compounds because of the versatile bioactivities attributed to their highly oxidized seven-membered aromatic ring scaffolds. Our present study provides clear insight into the biosynthesis of 3,7-dihydroxytropolone (DHT) through the identification of key genes responsible for the formation and modification of the seven-membered aromatic core. We also reveal the intrinsic mechanism of elevated production of DHT and related tropolonoids in Streptomyces spp. The study on DHT biosynthesis in Streptomyces exhibits a good example of antibiotic production in which both anabolic and catabolic pathways of primary metabolism are interwoven into the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites. Furthermore, our study sets the stage for metabolic engineering of the biosynthetic pathway for natural tropolonoid products and provides alternative synthetic biology tools for engineering novel tropolonoids.	1
Title: Functional analysis of a biosynthetic cluster essential for production of 4-formylaminooxyvinylglycine, a germination-arrest factor from Pseudomonas fluorescens WH6 Abstract: Rhizosphere-associated Pseudomonas fluorescens WH6 produces the germination-arrest factor 4-formylaminooxyvinylglycine (FVG). FVG has previously been shown to both arrest the germination of weedy grasses and inhibit the growth of the bacterial plant pathogen Erwinia amylovora. Very little is known about the mechanism by which FVG is produced. Although a previous study identified a region of the genome that may be involved in FVG biosynthesis, it has not yet been determined which genes within that region are sufficient and necessary for FVG production. In the current study, we explored the role of each of the putative genes encoded in that region by constructing deletion mutations. Mutant strains were assayed for their ability to produce FVG with a combination of biological assays and TLC analyses. This work defined the core FVG biosynthetic gene cluster and revealed several interesting characteristics of FVG production. We determined that FVG biosynthesis requires two small ORFs of less than 150 nucleotides and that multiple transporters have overlapping but distinct functionality. In addition, two genes in the centre of the biosynthetic gene cluster are not required for FVG production, suggesting that additional products may be produced from the cluster. Transcriptional analysis indicated that at least three active promoters play a role in the expression of genes within this cluster. The results of this study enrich our knowledge regarding the diversity of mechanisms by which bacteria produce non-proteinogenic amino acids like vinylglycines.	1
Title: Identification of 6-Hydroxymellein Synthase and Accessory Genes in the Lichen Cladonia uncialis Abstract: A transcribed polyketide synthase (PKS) gene has been identified in the lichen Cladonia uncialis. The complete nucleotide sequence of this PKS was determined from the amplified cDNA, and an assignment of individual domains was accomplished by homology searching using AntiSMASH. A scan of the complete genome sequence of C. uncialis revealed the accessory genes associated with this PKS gene. A homology search has identified that several genes in this cluster are similar to genes responsible for the biosynthesis of terrein in Aspergillus terreus. This permitted assignment of putative function to each of the genes in this new C. uncialis cluster. It is proposed that this gene cluster is responsible for the biosynthesis of a halogenated iscoumarin. This is the first report linking a gene cluster to a halogenated metabolite in lichen.	1
Title: Metagenomic discovery of polybrominated diphenyl ether biosynthesis by marine sponges Abstract: Naturally produced polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) pervade the marine environment and structurally resemble toxic man-made brominated flame retardants. PBDEs bioaccumulate in marine animals and are likely transferred to the human food chain. However, the biogenic basis for PBDE production in one of their most prolific sources, marine sponges of the order Dysideidae, remains unidentified. Here, we report the discovery of PBDE biosynthetic gene clusters within sponge-microbiome-associated cyanobacterial endosymbionts through the use of an unbiased metagenome-mining approach. Using expression of PBDE biosynthetic genes in heterologous cyanobacterial hosts, we correlate the structural diversity of naturally produced PBDEs to modifications within PBDE biosynthetic gene clusters in multiple sponge holobionts. Our results establish the genetic and molecular foundation for the production of PBDEs in one of the most abundant natural sources of these molecules, further setting the stage for a metagenomic-based inventory of other PBDE sources in the marine environment.	1
Title: New insights into polyene macrolide biosynthesis in Couchioplanes caeruleus Abstract: Couchioplanes caeruleus DSM43634 synthesises 67-121C, an aromatic heptaene macrolide that contains a mannosyl-mycosaminyl disaccharide. An improved draft genome sequence was used to obtain the biosynthetic gene cluster for this antifungal. Bioinformatic analysis of the polyketide synthase indicated that extension modules 7 and 8 contain A-type ketoreductase and dehydratase domains. These modules are therefore predicted to form cis double bonds. The deduced stereostructure of the 67-121C macrolactone is identical to that experimentally determined for the partricin subgroup of aromatic heptaenes. Some of these polyenes are N-methylated on the aminoacetophenone moiety. The C. caeruleus AceS protein was shown to methylate 4-aminoacetophenone and esters of 4-aminobenzoate, but not 4-aminobenzoate. This suggests that the substrate specificity of AceS prevents it from interfering with folate biosynthesis. The methyltransferase should be valuable for chemoenzymatic alkylation of compounds that contain aminobenzoyl moieties.	1
Title: Bi- and Tetracyclic Spirotetronates from the Coal Mine Fire Isolate Streptomyces sp. LC-6-2 Abstract: The structures of 12 new "enantiomeric"-like abyssomicin metabolites (abyssomicins M-X) from Streptomyces sp. LC-6-2 are reported. Of this set, the abyssomicin W (11) contains an unprecedented 8/6/6/6 tetracyclic core, while the bicyclic abyssomicin X (12) represents the first reported naturally occurring linear spirotetronate. Metabolite structures were determined based on spectroscopic data and X-ray crystallography, and Streptomyces sp. LC-6-2 genome sequencing also revealed the corresponding putative biosynthetic gene cluster.	1
Title: Acinetodin and Klebsidin, RNA Polymerase Targeting Lasso Peptides Produced by Human Isolates of Acinetobacter gyllenbergii and Klebsiella pneumoniae Abstract: We report the bioinformatic prediction and structural validation of two lasso peptides, acinetodin and klebsidin, encoded by the genomes of several human-associated strains of Acinetobacter and Klebsiella. Computation of the three-dimensional structures of these peptides using NMR NOESY constraints verifies that they contain a lasso motif. Despite the lack of sequence similarity to each other or to microcin J25, a prototypical lasso peptide and transcription inhibitor from Escherichia coli, acinetodin and klebsidin also inhibit transcript elongation by the E. coli RNA polymerase by binding to a common site. Yet, unlike microcin J25, acinetodin and klebsidin are unable to permeate wild type E. coli cells and inhibit their growth. We show that the E. coli cells become sensitive to klebsidin when expressing the outer membrane receptor FhuA homologue from Klebsiella pneumoniae. It thus appears that specificity to a common target, the RNA polymerase secondary channel, can be attained by a surprisingly diverse set of primary sequences folded into a common threaded-lasso fold. In contrast, transport into cells containing sensitive targets appears to be much more specific and must be the major determinant of the narrow range of bioactivity of known lasso peptides.	1
Title: Identification and heterologous expression of the actinoallolide biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Actinoallolides are anti-trypanosomal macrolides isolated from the secondary metabolites of two endophytic actinomycete strains, Actinoallomurus fulvus MK10-036 and K09-0307. A putative actinoallolide biosynthetic gene cluster was predicted from the genome sequence of the strain K09-0307. The gene cluster spans a contiguous 53 kb DNA region that comprises seven genes encoding three PKSs (aalA1, aalA2, and aalA3), cytochrome P450 (aalB), acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (aalC), crotonyl-CoA reductase (aalD), and TetR family regulator (aalR). The entire gene cluster was cloned into a plasmid pYIK1 by assembling DNA fragments, which were obtained from two cosmids containing left and right parts of the gene cluster. Following the introduction of an ermE* promoter at 100bp upstream from the start codon of aalA1, the gene cluster was introduced into Streptomyces coelicolor M1152. Subsequent LC-MS analysis revealed production of actinoallolide A in the culture broth. Thus, the actinoallolide biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by heterologous expression in Streptomyces.	1
Title: Isolation of a new antibacterial peptide actinokineosin from Actinokineospora spheciospongiae based on genome mining Abstract: Based on genome mining, a new antibacterial peptide named actinokineosin was isolated from a rare actinomycete Actinokineospora spheciospongiae. The amino acid sequence of the C-terminus of actinokineosin was established by TOF-MS/MS experiments. The amino acid sequence in the macrolactam ring was determined by TOF-MS/MS analyses after cleavage with BNPS-skatole and successive trypsin treatment. As a result of an antibacterial assay using a paper disk, actinokineosin showed antibacterial activity against Micrococcus luteus at a dosage of 50 μg per disk. From the genome sequence data of A. spheciospongiae, the biosynthetic gene cluster of actinokineosin was found and was indicated to consist of 10 genes. Among the genes, the gene aknA encoded the precursor of actinokineosin and the genes including aknC, aknB1 and aknB2 were proposed as modification enzymes to give mature actinokineosin.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Genome mining is a powerful tool to find new bioactive compounds from the genome database. In this report, we succeeded in isolation and structure determination of a new antibacterial peptide named actinokineosin based on genome mining.	1
Title: Identification and occurrence of the hydroxamate siderophores aerobactin, putrebactin, avaroferrin and ochrobactin C as virulence factors from entomopathogenic bacteria Abstract: Effective iron acquisition and fine-tuned intracellular iron storage systems are the main prerequisites for a successful host invasion by a pathogen. Bacteria have developed several different strategies to sequester this essential element from their environment, one relies on the secretion of low molecular weight compounds with high affinity for ferric iron, the so-called siderophores. Here, we report hydroxamate siderophore structures produced by entomopathogenic bacteria of the species Xenorhabdus and Photorhabdus, which are known for their potential to produce bioactive natural products, required for their role as nematode symbiont and insect pathogen. Four siderophores could be identified, namely aerobactin, putrebactin, avaroferrin and ochrobactin C, which was found previously only in marine bacteria. While the putrebactin and avaroferrin producing biosynthesis gene cluster (BGC) is more widespread and most likely was present in a common ancestor of these bacteria, the aerobactin and ochrobactin producing BGC was probably taken up by a few strains individually. For aerobactin a role in virulence towards Galleria mellonella larvae is shown.	1
Title: The evolution of three siderophore biosynthetic clusters in environmental and host-associating strains of Pantoea Abstract: For many pathogenic members of the Enterobacterales, siderophores play an important role in virulence, yet the siderophores of the host-associating members of the genus Pantoea remain unexplored. We conducted a genome-wide survey of environmental and host-associating strains of Pantoea to identify known and candidate siderophore biosynthetic clusters. Our analysis identified three clusters homologous to those of enterobactin, desferrioxamine, and aerobactin that were prevalent among Pantoea species. Using both phylogenetic and comparative genomic approaches, we demonstrate that the enterobactin-like cluster was present in the common ancestor of all Pantoea, with evidence for three independent losses of the cluster in P. eucalypti, P. eucrina, and the P. ananatis-P. stewartii lineage. The desferrioxamine biosynthetic cluster, previously described and characterized in Pantoea, was horizontally acquired from its close relative Erwinia, with phylogenetic evidence that these transfer events were ancient and occurred between ancestral lineages. The aerobactin cluster was identified in three host-associating species groups, P. septica, P. ananatis, and P. stewartii, with strong evidence for horizontal acquisition from human-pathogenic members of the Enterobacterales. Our work identifies and describes the key siderophore clusters in Pantoea, shows three distinct evolutionary processes driving their diversification, and provides a foundation for exploring the roles that these siderophores may play in human opportunistic infections.	1
Title: Nonribosomal peptide synthetase with a unique iterative-alternative-optional mechanism catalyzes amonabactin synthesis in Aeromonas Abstract: Based on the exploration of data generated by genome sequencing, a bioinformatics approach has been chosen to identify the biosynthetic pathway of the siderophores produced by Aeromonas species. The amonabactins, considered as a virulence factor, represent a family of four variants of catechol peptidic siderophores containing Dhb, Lys, Gly, and an aromatic residue either Trp or Phe in a D-configuration. The synthesis operon is constituted of seven genes named amoCEBFAGH and is iron-regulated. The cluster includes genes encoding proteins involved in the synthesis and incorporation of the Dhb monomer, and genes encoding specific nonribosomal peptide synthetases, which are responsible for the building of the peptidic moiety. The amonabactin assembly line displays a still so far not described atypical mode of synthesis that is iterative, alternative, and optional. A disruption mutant in the adenylation domain of AmoG was unable to synthesize any amonabactin and to grow in iron stress conditions while a deletion of amoH resulted in the production of only two over the four forms. The amo cluster is widespread among most of the Aeromonas species, only few species produces the enterobactin siderophore.	1
Title: Amycolamycins A and B, Two Enediyne-Derived Compounds from a Locust-Associated Actinomycete Abstract: Two novel enediyne-derived natural products, amycolamycins A and B (1 and 2), were characterized from a locust-associated actinomycete Amycolatopsis sp. HCa4. Amycolamycins A and B contain a unique 2-(cyclopenta[a]inden-5-yl)oxirane core with suspected enediyne polyketide biosynthetic origin. Sequencing and analysis of the acm biosynthetic gene cluster allowed us to propose the biosynthetic pathway of 1 and 2. Moreover, amycolamycin A (1) was selectively cytotoxic to the M231 breast cancer cell line.	1
Title: Sphaerocyclamide, a prenylated cyanobactin from the cyanobacterium Sphaerospermopsis sp. LEGE 00249 Abstract: Cyanobactins are a family of linear and cyclic peptides produced through the post-translational modification of short precursor peptides. A mass spectrometry-based screening of potential cyanobactin producers led to the discovery of a new prenylated member of this family of compounds, sphaerocyclamide (1), from Sphaerospermopsis sp. LEGE 00249. The sphaerocyclamide biosynthetic gene cluster (sph) encoding the novel macrocyclic prenylated cyanobactin, was sequenced. Heterologous expression of the sph gene cluster in Escherichia coli confirmed the connection between genomic and mass spectrometric data. Unambiguous establishment of the orientation and site of prenylation required the full structural elucidation of 1 using Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR), which demonstrated that a forward prenylation occurred on the tyrosine residue. Compound 1 was tested in pharmacologically or ecologically relevant biological assays and revealed moderate antimicrobial activity towards the fouling bacterium Halomonas aquamarina CECT 5000.	1
Title: A new genome-mining tool redefines the lasso peptide biosynthetic landscape Abstract: Ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) natural products are attractive for genome-driven discovery and re-engineering, but limitations in bioinformatic methods and exponentially increasing genomic data make large-scale mining of RiPP data difficult. We report RODEO (Rapid ORF Description and Evaluation Online), which combines hidden-Markov-model-based analysis, heuristic scoring, and machine learning to identify biosynthetic gene clusters and predict RiPP precursor peptides. We initially focused on lasso peptides, which display intriguing physicochemical properties and bioactivities, but their hypervariability renders them challenging prospects for automated mining. Our approach yielded the most comprehensive mapping to date of lasso peptide space, revealing >1,300 compounds. We characterized the structures and bioactivities of six lasso peptides, prioritized based on predicted structural novelty, including one with an unprecedented handcuff-like topology and another with a citrulline modification exceptionally rare among bacteria. These combined insights significantly expand the knowledge of lasso peptides and, more broadly, provide a framework for future genome-mining efforts.	1
Title: The Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for Andrastin A in Penicillium roqueforti Abstract: Penicillium roqueforti is a filamentous fungus involved in the ripening of several kinds of blue cheeses. In addition, this fungus produces several secondary metabolites, including the meroterpenoid compound andrastin A, a promising antitumoral compound. However, to date the genomic cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of this compound in P. roqueforti has not been described. In this work, we have sequenced and annotated a genomic region of approximately 29.4 kbp (named the adr gene cluster) that is involved in the biosynthesis of andrastin A in P. roqueforti. This region contains ten genes, named adrA, adrC, adrD, adrE, adrF, adrG, adrH, adrI, adrJ and adrK. Interestingly, the adrB gene previously found in the adr cluster from P. chrysogenum, was found as a residual pseudogene in the adr cluster from P. roqueforti. RNA-mediated gene silencing of each of the ten genes resulted in significant reductions in andrastin A production, confirming that all of them are involved in the biosynthesis of this compound. Of particular interest was the adrC gene, encoding for a major facilitator superfamily transporter. According to our results, this gene is required for the production of andrastin A but does not have any role in its secretion to the extracellular medium. The identification of the adr cluster in P. roqueforti will be important to understand the molecular basis of the production of andrastin A, and for the obtainment of strains of P. roqueforti overproducing andrastin A that might be of interest for the cheese industry.	1
Title: Structure, Biosynthesis, and Biological Activity of the Cyclic Lipopeptide Anikasin Abstract: The class of cyclic lipopeptide natural products consists of compounds with a diverse range of bioactivities. In this study, we elucidated the structure of the cyclic lipopeptide anikasin using X-ray crystallography, analyzed its biosynthetic gene cluster, and investigated its natural role in the interaction between the producer strain Pseudomonas fluorescens HKI0770 and protozoal predators. These results led to the conclusion that anikasin has dual functionality enabling swarming motility and acting as a niche amoebicide, which effectively inhibits the social amoeba Polysphondylium violaceum and protects the producer strain from protozoal grazing.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the pyrrolidine protein synthesis inhibitor anisomycin involves novel gene ensemble and cryptic biosynthetic steps Abstract: The protein synthesis inhibitor anisomycin features a unique benzylpyrrolidine system and exhibits diverse biological and pharmacologic activities. Its biosynthetic origin has remained obscure for more than 60 y, however. Here we report the identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) of anisomycin in Streptomyces hygrospinosus var. beijingensis by a bioactivity-guided high-throughput screening method. Using a combination of bioinformatic analysis, reverse genetics, chemical analysis, and in vitro biochemical assays, we have identified a core four-gene ensemble responsible for the synthesis of the pyrrolidine system in anisomycin: aniQ, encoding a aminotransferase that catalyzes an initial deamination and a later reamination steps; aniP, encoding a transketolase implicated to bring together an glycolysis intermediate with 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid to form the anisomycin molecular backbone; aniO, encoding a glycosyltransferase that catalyzes a cryptic glycosylation crucial for downstream enzyme processing; and aniN, encoding a bifunctional dehydrogenase that mediates multistep pyrrolidine formation. The results reveal a BGC for pyrrolidine alkaloid biosynthesis that is distinct from known bacterial alkaloid pathways, and provide the signature sequences that will facilitate the discovery of BGCs encoding novel pyrrolidine alkaloids in bacterial genomes. The biosynthetic insights from this study further set the foundation for biosynthetic engineering of pyrrolidine antibiotics.	1
Title: Identification and Engineering of Post-PKS Modification Bottlenecks for Ansamitocin P-3 Titer Improvement in Actinosynnema pretiosum subsp. pretiosum ATCC 31280 Abstract: The type-I polyketide ansamitocin P-3 (AP-3) is a potent antitumor agent. Its production is most likely hampered by the required multiple substrate supplies and complicated post-PKS modifications in Actinosynnema pretiosum subsp. pretiosum ATCC 31280. For titer improvement, gene ansa30, encoding for a glycosyltransferase competing for the N-demethyl-AP-3 (PND-3) intermediate for AP-3 biosynthesis, was initially inactivated. In the mutant NXJ-22, the AP-3 titer was increased by 66% along with an obvious accumulation of PND-3, indicating that the N-methylation is a rate-limiting step. Alternatively, when abundant upstream intermediate 19-chloroproansamitocin was fed into a PKS mutant, 3-O-acylation was further identified along with the N-methylation as the rate-limiting steps. Subsequent overexpression of N-methyltransferase gene asm10 in NXJ-22 resulted in a 93% increase of AP-3 and a corresponding 92% decrease of PND-3. Additional supplementation of L-methionine, the precursor for SAM biosynthesis, substantially decreased the accumulation of PND-3. In parallel, the 3-O-acylation bottleneck was relieved by feeding with L-valine to NXJ-22, resulting in a 126% increase of AP-3. Eventually, a combined asm10 overexpression and supplementation of L-methionine and L-valine resulted in a 5-fold increase of AP-3, from 42 ± 2 mg L-1 to 246 ± 6 mg L-1 , without any noticeable accumulation of PND-3.	1
Title: Expanding the Bioactive Chemical Space of Anthrabenzoxocinones through Engineering the Highly Promiscuous Biosynthetic Modification Steps Abstract: Anthrabenzoxocinones (ABXs) including (-)-ABXs and (+)-ABXs are a group of bacterial FabF-specific inhibitors with potent antimicrobial activity of resistant strains. Optimization of their chemical structures is a promising method to develop potent antibiotics. Through biosynthetic investigation, we herein identified and characterized two highly promiscuous enzymes involved in the (-)-ABX structural modification. The promiscuous halogenase and methyltransferase can respectively introduce halogen-modifications into various positions of the ABX scaffolds and methylation to highly diverse substrates. Manipulation of their activity in both of the (-)-ABXs and (+)-ABXs biosyntheses led to the generation of 14 novel ABX analogues of both enantiomers. Bioactivity assessment revealed that a few of the analogues showed significantly improved antimicrobial activity, with the C3-hydroxyl and chlorine substitutions critical for their activity. This study enormously expands the bioactive chemical space of the ABX family and FabF-specific inhibitors. The disclosed broad-selective biosynthetic machineries and structure-activity relationship provide a solid basis for further generation of potent antimicrobial agents.	1
Title: Five-Membered Cyclitol Phosphate Formation by a myo-Inositol Phosphate Synthase Orthologue in the Biosynthesis of the Carbocyclic Nucleoside Antibiotic Aristeromycin Abstract: Aristeromycin is a unique carbocyclic nucleoside antibiotic produced by Streptomyces citricolor. In order to elucidate its intriguing carbocyclic formation, we used a genome-mining approach to identify the responsible enzyme. In silico screening with known cyclitol synthases involved in primary metabolism, such as myo-inositol-1-phosphate synthase (MIPS) and dehydroqunate synthase (DHQS), identified a unique MIPS orthologue (Ari2) encoded in the genome of S. citricolor. Heterologous expression of the gene cluster containing ari2 with a cosmid vector in Streptomyces albus resulted in the production of aristeromycin, thus indicating that the cloned DNA region (37.5 kb) with 33 open reading frames contains its biosynthetic gene cluster. We verified that Ari2 catalyzes the formation of a novel five-membered cyclitol phosphate from d-fructose 6-phosphate (F6P) with NAD+ as a cofactor. This provides insight into cyclitol phosphate synthase as a member of the MIPS family of enzymes. A biosynthetic pathway to aristeromycin is proposed based on bioinformatics analysis of the gene cluster.	1
Title: New Aspercryptins, Lipopeptide Natural Products, Revealed by HDAC Inhibition in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Unlocking the biochemical stores of fungi is key for developing future pharmaceuticals. Through reduced expression of a critical histone deacetylase in Aspergillus nidulans, increases of up to 100-fold were observed in the levels of 15 new aspercryptins, recently described lipopeptides with two noncanonical amino acids derived from octanoic and dodecanoic acids. In addition to two NMR-verified structures, MS/MS networking helped uncover an additional 13 aspercryptins. The aspercryptins break the conventional structural orientation of lipopeptides and appear "backward" when compared to known compounds of this class. We have also confirmed the 14-gene aspercryptin biosynthetic gene cluster, which encodes two fatty acid synthases and several enzymes to convert saturated octanoic and dodecanoic acid to α-amino acids.	1
Title: Identification and functional analysis of the aspergillic acid gene cluster in Aspergillus flavus Abstract: Aspergillus flavus can colonize important food staples and produce aflatoxins, a group of toxic and carcinogenic secondary metabolites. Previous in silico analysis of the A. flavus genome revealed 56 gene clusters predicted to be involved in the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites. A. flavus secondary metabolites produced during infection of maize seed are of particular interest, especially with respect to their roles in the biology of the fungus. A predicted nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) gene, designated asaC (AFLA_023020), present in the uncharacterized A. flavus secondary metabolite gene cluster 11 was previously shown to be expressed during the earliest stages of maize kernel infection. Cluster 11 is composed of six additional genes encoding a number of putative decorating enzymes as well as a transporter and transcription factor. We generated knock-out mutants of the seven predicted cluster 11 genes. LC-MS analysis of extracts from knockout mutants of these genes showed that they were responsible for the synthesis of the previously characterized antimicrobial mycotoxin aspergillic acid. Extracts of the asaC mutant showed no production of aspergillic acid or its precursors. Knockout of the cluster 11 P450 oxidoreductase afforded a pyrazinone metabolite, the aspergillic acid precursor deoxyaspergillic acid. The formation of hydroxyaspergillic acid was abolished in a desaturase/hydroxylase mutant. The hydroxamic acid functional group in aspergillic acid allows the molecule to bind to iron resulting in the production of a red pigment in A. flavus identified previously as ferriaspergillin. A reduction of aflatoxin B1 and cyclopiazonic acid that correlated with reduced fungal growth was observed in maize kernel infection assays when aspergillic acid biosynthesis in A. flavus is halted.	1
Title: Asperphenamate biosynthesis reveals a novel two-module NRPS system to synthesize amino acid esters in fungi Abstract: Amino acid esters are a group of structurally diverse natural products with distinct activities. Some are synthesized through an inter-molecular esterification step catalysed by nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). In bacteria, the formation of the intra-molecular ester bond is usually catalysed by a thioesterase domain of NRPS. However, the mechanism by which fungal NRPSs perform this process remains unclear. Herein, by targeted gene disruption in Penicillium brevicompactum and heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans, we show that two NRPSs, ApmA and ApmB, are sufficient for the synthesis of an amino acid ester, asperphenamate. Using the heterologous expression system, we identified that ApmA, with a reductase domain, rarely generates dipeptidyl alcohol. In contrast, ApmB was determined to not only catalyse inter-molecular ester bond formation but also accept the linear dipeptidyl precursor into the NRPS chain. The mechanism described here provides an approach for the synthesis of new small molecules with NRPS as the catalyst. Our study reveals for the first time a two-module NRPS system for the formation of amino acid esters in nature.	1
Title: Identification of a novel sesquiterpene biosynthetic machinery involved in astellolide biosynthesis Abstract: Esterified drimane-type sesquiterpene lactones such as astellolides display various biological activities and are widely produced by plants and fungi. Given their low homology to known sesquiterpene cyclases, the genes responsible for their biosynthesis have not been uncovered yet. Here, we identified the astellolide gene cluster from Aspergillus oryzae and discovered a novel sesquiterpene biosynthetic machinery consisting of AstC, AstI, and AstK. All these enzymes are annotated as haloacid dehalogenase-like hydrolases, whereas AstC also contains a DxDTT motif conserved in class II diterpene cyclases. Based on enzyme reaction analyses, we found that AstC catalysed the protonation-initiated cyclisation of farnesyl pyrophosphate into drimanyl pyrophosphate. This was successively dephosphorylated by AstI and AstK to produce drim-8-ene-11-ol. Moreover, we also identified and characterised a unique non-ribosomal peptide synthetase, AstA, responsible for esterifying aryl acids to drimane-type sesquiterpene lactones. In this study, we highlight a new biosynthetic route for producing sesquiterpene and its esterified derivative. Our findings shed light on the identification of novel sesquiterpenes via genome mining.	1
Title: An overproduction of astellolides induced by genetic disruption of chromatin-remodeling factors in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: The filamentous fungus Aspergillus oryzae is an important industrial mold. Recent genomic analysis indicated that A. oryzae has a large number of biosynthetic genes for secondary metabolites (SMs), but many of the SMs they produce have not been identified. For better understanding of SMs production by A. oryzae, we screened a gene-disruption library of transcription factors including chromatin-remodeling factors and found two gene disruptions that show similarly altered SM production profiles. One is a homolog of Aspergillus nidulans cclA, a component of the histone 3 lysine 4 (H3K4) methyltransferase complex of proteins associated with Set1 complex, and the other, sppA, is an ortholog of Saccharomyces cerevisiae SPP1, another component of a complex of proteins associated with Set1 complex. The cclA and sppA disruptions in A. oryzae are deficient in trimethylation of H3K4. Furthermore, one of the SMs that increased in the cclA disruptant was identified as astellolide F (14-deacetyl astellolide B). These data indicate that both cclA and sppA affect production of SMs including astellolides by affecting the methylation status of H3K4 in A. oryzae.	1
Title: Characterization of the aurantimycin biosynthetic gene cluster and enhancing its production by manipulating two pathway-specific activators in Streptomyces aurantiacus JA 4570 Abstract: Background:                       Aurantimycin (ATM), produced by Streptomyces aurantiacus JA 4570, is a potent antimicrobial and antitumor antibiotic. Although the chemical structure of ATM is highly distinctive and features a cyclohexadepsipeptide scaffold attached with a C14 acyl side chain, little is known about its biosynthetic pathway and regulatory mechanism.                  Results:                       In this work, we report the identification and characterization of the ATM biosynthetic gene cluster from S. aurantiacus JA 4570. Targeted inactivation of artG, coding for a NRPS enzyme, completely abolished ATM production, thereof demonstrating the target gene cluster (art) is responsible for ATM biosynthesis. Moreover, four NRPS adenylation (A) domains including a freestanding enzyme ArtC have been characterized in vitro, whose substrate specificities are consistent with in silico analysis. Further genetic analysis of the two regulatory genes artB and artX unambiguously suggested both of them play positive roles in ATM biosynthesis, and ATM-A production was thus rationally enhanced to about 2.5 fold via tandem overexpression of artB and artX in S. aurantiacus JA 4570.                  Conclusions:                       These results will provide the basis for the understanding of precise mechanisms for ATM biosynthesis, and open the way for both rational construction of high-production ATM producer and orient-directed generation of designer ATM derivatives via synthetic biology strategies.	1
Title: A non-canonical peptide synthetase adenylates 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid for auriculamide biosynthesis Abstract: Auriculamide is the first natural product known from the predatory bacterium Herpetosiphon aurantiacus. It is composed of three unusual building blocks, including the non-proteinogenic amino acid 3-chloro-L-tyrosine, the α-hydroxy acid L-isoleucic acid, and a methylmalonyl-CoA-derived ethane unit. A candidate genetic locus for auriculamide biosynthesis was identified and encodes four enzymes. Among them, the non-canonical 199 kDa four-domain nonribosomal peptide synthetase, AulA, is extraordinary in that it features two consecutive adenylation domains. Here, we describe the functional characterization of the recombinantly produced AulA. The observed activation of 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid by the enzyme supports the hypothesis that it participates in the biosynthesis of auriculamide. An artificially truncated version of AulA that lacks the first adenylation domain activated this substrate like the full-length enzyme which shows that the first adenylation domain is dispensable. Additionally, we provide evidence that the enzyme tolerates structural variation of the substrate. α-Carbon substituents significantly affected the substrate turnover. While all tested aliphatic α-keto acids were accepted by the enzyme and minor differences in chain size and branches did not interfere with the enzymatic activity, molecules with methylene α-carbons led to low turnover. Such enzymatic plasticity is an important attribute to help in the perpetual search for novel molecules and to access a greater structural diversity by mutasynthesis.	1
Title: Auroramycin: A Potent Antibiotic from Streptomyces roseosporus by CRISPR-Cas9 Activation Abstract: Silent biosynthetic gene clusters represent a potentially rich source of new bioactive compounds. We report the discovery, characterization, and biosynthesis of a novel doubly glycosylated 24-membered polyene macrolactam from a silent biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces roseosporus by using the CRISPR-Cas9 gene cluster activation strategy. Structural characterization of this polyketide, named auroramycin, revealed a rare isobutyrylmalonyl extender unit and a unique pair of amino sugars. Relative and absolute stereochemistry were determined by using a combination of spectroscopic analyses, chemical derivatization, and computational analysis. The activated gene cluster for auroramycin production was also verified by transcriptional analyses and gene deletions. Finally, auroramycin exhibited potent anti-methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (anti-MRSA) activity towards clinical drug-resistant isolates.	1
Title: An Iterative Module in the Azalomycin F Polyketide Synthase Contains a Switchable Enoylreductase Domain Abstract: Detailed analysis of the modular Type I polyketide synthase (PKS) involved in the biosynthesis of the marginolactone azalomycin F in mangrove Streptomyces sp. 211726 has shown that only nineteen extension modules are required to accomplish twenty cycles of polyketide chain elongation. Analysis of the products of a PKS mutant specifically inactivated in the dehydratase domain of extension-module 1 showed that this module catalyzes two successive elongations with different outcomes. Strikingly, the enoylreductase domain of this module can apparently be "toggled" off and on : it functions in only the second of these two cycles. This novel mechanism expands our understanding of PKS assembly-line catalysis and may explain examples of apparent non-colinearity in other modular PKS systems.	1
Title: Biosynthesis, Synthesis, and Activities of Barnesin A, a NRPS-PKS Hybrid Produced by an Anaerobic Epsilonproteobacterium Abstract: Despite the wealth of physiological knowledge and plentiful genomes available, only few natural products of anaerobic bacteria have been identified until today and even less have been linked to their biosynthetic gene cluster. Here, we analyzed a unique NRPS-PKS hybrid gene cluster from an anaerobic Epsilonproteobacterium ( Sulfurospirillum barnesii). Phylogenetic analysis of key biosynthetic genes, gene expression studies, and comparative metabolomics resulted in the identification of the first anoxically biosynthesized NRPS-PKS hybrid metabolite: a lipo-dipeptide with a vinylogous side chain, called barnesin A. The absolute structure was verified by a modular total synthesis, and barnesin and derivatives were found to have antimicrobial activity, as well as selective and nanomolar inhibitory activity, against pharmacological important cysteine proteases, such as cathepsin B.	1
Title: Biosynthesis-assisted structural elucidation of the bartolosides, chlorinated aromatic glycolipids from cyanobacteria Abstract: The isolation of the bartolosides, unprecedented cyanobacterial glycolipids featuring aliphatic chains with chlorine substituents and C-glycosyl moieties, is reported. Their chlorinated dialkylresorcinol (DAR) core presented a major structural-elucidation challenge. To overcome this, we discovered the bartoloside (brt) biosynthetic gene cluster and linked it to the natural products through in vitro characterization of the DAR-forming ketosynthase and aromatase. Bioinformatic analysis also revealed a novel potential halogenase. Knowledge of the bartoloside biosynthesis constrained the DAR core structure by defining key pathway intermediates, ultimately allowing us to determine the full structures of the bartolosides. This work illustrates the power of genomics to enable the use of biosynthetic information for structure elucidation.	1
Title: Bartolosides E-K from a Marine Coccoid Cyanobacterium Abstract: The glycosylated and halogenated dialkylresorcinol (DAR) compounds bartolosides A-D (1-4) were recently discovered from marine cyanobacteria and represent a novel family of glycolipids, encoded by the brt biosynthetic gene cluster. Here, we report the isolation and NMR- and MS-based structure elucidation of monoglycosylated bartolosides E-K (5-11), obtained from Synechocystis salina LEGE 06099, a strain closely related to the cyanobacterium that produces the diglycosylated 2-4. In addition, a genome region containing orthologues of brt genes was identified in this cyanobacterium. Interestingly, the major bartoloside in S. salina LEGE 06099 was 1 (above 0.5% dry wt), originally isolated from the phylogenetically distant filamentous cyanobacterium Nodosilinea sp. LEGE 06102. Compounds 5-11 are analogues of 1, with different alkyl chain lengths or halogenation patterns. Their structures and the organization of the brt genes suggest that the DAR-forming ketosynthase BrtD can generate structural diversity by accepting fatty acyl-derived substrates of varying length. Compound 9 features a rare midchain gem-dichloro moiety, indicating that the putative halogenase BrtJ is able to act twice on the same midchain carbon.	1
Title: A Highly Conserved Basidiomycete Peptide Synthetase Produces a Trimeric Hydroxamate Siderophore Abstract: The model white-rot basidiomycete, Ceriporiopsis (Gelatoporia) subvermispora B, encodes putative natural product biosynthesis genes. Among them is the gene for the seven-domain nonribosomal peptide synthetase CsNPS2. It is a member of the as-yet-uncharacterized fungal type VI siderophore synthetase family, which is highly conserved and widely distributed among the basidiomycetes. These enzymes include only one adenylation (A) domain, i.e., one complete peptide synthetase module, and two thiolation/condensation (T-C) didomain partial modules which together constitute an AT1C1T2C2T3C3 domain setup. The full-length CsNPS2 enzyme (274.5 kDa) was heterologously produced as a polyhistidine fusion in Aspergillus niger as a soluble and active protein. N 5-acetyl-N 5-hydroxy-l-ornithine (l-AHO) and N 5-cis-anhydromevalonyl-N 5 -hydroxy-l-ornithine (l-AMHO) were accepted as the substrates, based on results of an in vitro substrate-dependent [32P]ATP-pyrophosphate radioisotope exchange assay. Full-length holo-CsNPS2 catalyzed amide bond formation between three l-AHO molecules to release the linear l-AHO trimer, called basidioferrin, as the product in vitro, which was verified by liquid chromatography-high-resolution electrospray ionization-mass spectrometry analysis. Phylogenetic analyses suggested that type VI family siderophore synthetases are widespread in mushrooms and evolved in a common ancestor of basidiomycetes.IMPORTANCE The basidiomycete nonribosomal peptide synthetase CsNPS2 represents a member of a widely distributed but previously uninvestigated class (type VI) of fungal siderophore synthetases. Genes orthologous to CsNPS2 are highly conserved across various phylogenetic clades of the basidiomycetes. Hence, our work serves as a broadly applicable model for siderophore biosynthesis and iron metabolism in higher fungi. Also, our results on the amino acid substrate preference of CsNPS2 support a further understanding of the substrate selectivity of fungal adenylation domains. Methodologically, this report highlights the Aspergillus niger/SM-Xpress-based system as a suitable platform to heterologously express multimodular basidiomycete biosynthesis enzymes in the >250-kDa range in soluble and active form.	1
Title: Focused Genome Mining of Structurally Related Sesterterpenes: Enzymatic Formation of Enantiomeric and Diastereomeric Products Abstract: Heterologous expression of four clade-A bifunctional terpene synthases (BFTSs), giving di/sesterterpenes with unique polycyclic carbon skeletons such as sesterfisherol, enabled the isolation of the sesterterpenes Bm1, Bm2, Bm3, and Pb1. Their structures suggested that formation of the products occurs via various diastereomeric carbocation intermediates, allowing the proposal that clade-A BFTSs catalyze three-step cyclizations using several stereofacial combinations of allylic cation-olefin pairs in the corresponding intermediates to generate various stereoisomers.	1
Title: Unprecedented Cyclization Catalyzed by a Cytochrome P450 in Benzastatin Biosynthesis Abstract: Benzastatins have unique structures probably derived from geranylated p-aminobenzoic acids. The indoline and tetrahydroquinoline scaffolds are presumably formed by cyclization of the geranyl moiety, but the cyclization mechanism was unknown. We studied the benzastatin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces sp. RI18; functions of the six enzymes encoded by it were analyzed by gene disruption in a heterologous host and in vitro enzyme assays. We propose the biosynthetic pathway for benzastatins in which a cytochrome P450 (BezE) is responsible for the cyclization of geranylated p-acetoxyaminobenzoic acids; BezE catalyzes elimination of acetic acid to form an iron nitrenoid, nitrene transfer to form an aziridine ring, and nucleophilic addition of hydroxide ion to C-10 and chloride ion to C-9 to generate the indoline and tetrahydroquinoline scaffolds, respectively. Discovery of this enzyme, which should be termed cytochrome P450 nitrene transferase, provides an important insight into the functional diversity of cytochrome P450.	1
Title: Bisucaberin B, a linear hydroxamate class siderophore from the marine bacterium Tenacibaculum mesophilum Abstract: A siderophore, named bisucaberin B, was isolated from Tenacibaculum mesophilum bacteria separated from a marine sponge collected in the Republic of Palau. Using spectroscopic and chemical methods, the structure of bisucaberin B (1) was clearly determined to be a linear dimeric hydroxamate class siderophore. Although compound 1 is an open form of the known macrocyclic dimer bisucaberin (2), and was previously described as a bacterial degradation product of desferrioxamine B (4), the present report is the first description of the de novo biosynthesis of 1. To the best of our knowledge, compound 1 is the first chemically characterized siderophore isolated from a bacterium belonging to the phylum Bacteroidetes.	1
Title: Polyketide and nonribosomal peptide retro-biosynthesis and global gene cluster matching Abstract: Polyketides (PKs) and nonribosomal peptides (NRPs) are profoundly important natural products, forming the foundations of many therapeutic regimes. Decades of research have revealed over 11,000 PK and NRP structures, and genome sequencing is uncovering new PK and NRP gene clusters at an unprecedented rate. However, only ∼10% of PK and NRPs are currently associated with gene clusters, and it is unclear how many of these orphan gene clusters encode previously isolated molecules. Therefore, to efficiently guide the discovery of new molecules, we must first systematically de-orphan emergent gene clusters from genomes. Here we provide to our knowledge the first comprehensive retro-biosynthetic program, generalized retro-biosynthetic assembly prediction engine (GRAPE), for PK and NRP families and introduce a computational pipeline, global alignment for natural products cheminformatics (GARLIC), to uncover how observed biosynthetic gene clusters relate to known molecules, leading to the identification of gene clusters that encode new molecules.	1
Title: Regulatory and biosynthetic effects of the bkd gene clusters on the production of daptomycin and its analogs A21978C1-3 Abstract: Daptomycin is a cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces roseosporus in an acidic peptide complex A21978C. In this complex, A21978C1-3 is most abundant and contains branched-chain fatty acyl groups, while daptomycin has a straight decanoic acyl group. The branched-chain α-keto acid dehydrogenase complex (BCDH complex), encoded by bkd gene clusters in Streptomyces, is responsible for the early step of converting branched-chain amino acids into branched-chain fatty acids. In a daptomycin industrial producer S. roseosporus L30, two alleles of bkd gene clusters, bkdA1B1C1/bkdA2B2C2, and a regulatory gene bkdR located upstream of bkdA2B2C2 are identified. We show that BkdR positively regulated bkdA2B2C2 expression and was negatively auto-regulated, but is not directly involved in regulation of daptomycin gene cluster expression. However, BkdR is required for both daptomycin and A21978C1-3 production. Furthermore, deletion of bkdA2B2C2 only led to partial reduction of A21978C1-3 production, while the ΔbkdA1B1C1 mutant shows very weak production of A21978C1-3, and the double bkd mutant has a similar production profile as the single ΔbkdA1B1C1 mutant, suggesting that bkdA1B1C1 gene cluster plays a dominant role in branched-chain fatty acid biosynthesis. So we reveal a unique regulatory function of BkdR and genetic engineered a bkd null strain for daptomycin production with reduced impurities.	1
Title: Discovery of cationic nonribosomal peptides as Gram-negative antibiotics through global genome mining Abstract: The worldwide prevalence of infections caused by antibiotic-resistant Gram-negative bacteria poses a serious threat to public health due to the limited therapeutic alternatives. Cationic peptides represent a large family of antibiotics and have attracted interest due to their diverse chemical structures and potential for combating drug-resistant Gram-negative pathogens. Here, we analyze 7395 bacterial genomes to investigate their capacity for biosynthesis of cationic nonribosomal peptides with activity against Gram-negative bacteria. Applying this approach, we identify two novel compounds (brevicidine and laterocidine) showing bactericidal activities against antibiotic-resistant Gram-negative pathogens, such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa and colistin-resistant Escherichia coli, and an apparently low risk of resistance. The two peptides show efficacy against E. coli in a mouse thigh infection model. These findings may contribute to the discovery and development of Gram-negative antibiotics.	1
Title: Draft genome sequence of Streptomyces sp. TP-A0882 reveals putative butyrolactol biosynthetic pathway Abstract: We report the draft genome sequence of marine-derived Streptomyces sp. TP-A0882, a producer of buryrolactol, an antifungal γ-lactone-containing polyketide. The genome harbored at least three type I polyketide synthase (PKS), three type II PKS, four nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and two hybrid PKS/NRPS gene clusters. Annotation of gene functions enabled us to identify the type I PKS gene cluster for butyrolactol biosynthesis and propose a plausible biosynthetic pathway for this unique polyketide.	1
Title: Unified Biosynthetic Origin of the Benzodipyrrole Subunits in CC-1065 Abstract: CC-1065 is the first characterized member of a family of naturally occurring antibiotics including yatakemycin and duocarmycins with exceptionally potent antitumor activity. CC-1065 contains three benzodipyrroles (1a-, 1b-, and 1c-) of which the 1a-subunit is remarkable by being composed of a cyclopropane ring, and the mechanism for the biological formation of benzodipyrrole rings remains elusive. Previously, biosynthetic studies of CC-1065 were limited to radioactively labeled precursor feeding experiments, which showed that tyrosine (Tyr) and serine (Ser) were incorporated into the two benzodipyrrole (1b- and 1c-) subunits via the same mode but that this was different from the key cyclopropabenzodipyrrole (1a-) subunit with N1-C2-C3 derived from Ser. Herein, the biosynthetic gene cluster of CC-1065 has been cloned, analyzed, and characterized by a series of gene inactivations. Significantly, a key intermediate bearing a C7-OH group derived from a Δc10C mutant exhibited improved cytotoxicity. Moreover, this data inspired us to suspect that the 1a-subunit might employ the same precursor incorporation mode as the 1b- and 1c-subunits. Subsequently, 13C-labeled Tyr feeding experiments confirmed that the N1-C2-C3 is originated from Tyr via DOPA as an intermediate. Collectively, a biosynthetic pathway of benzodipyrrole is proposed featuring a revised and unified precursor incorporation mode, which implicates an oxidative cyclization strategy for the assembly of benzodipyrrole. This work sets the stage for further study of enzymatic mechanisms and combinatorial biosynthesis for new DNA alkylating analogues.	1
Title: Gene cluster conservation provides insight into cercosporin biosynthesis and extends production to the genus Colletotrichum Abstract: Species in the genus Cercospora cause economically devastating diseases in sugar beet, maize, rice, soy bean, and other major food crops. Here, we sequenced the genome of the sugar beet pathogen Cercospora beticola and found it encodes 63 putative secondary metabolite gene clusters, including the cercosporin toxin biosynthesis (CTB) cluster. We show that the CTB gene cluster has experienced multiple duplications and horizontal transfers across a spectrum of plant pathogenic fungi, including the wide-host range Colletotrichum genus as well as the rice pathogen Magnaporthe oryzae Although cercosporin biosynthesis has been thought to rely on an eight-gene CTB cluster, our phylogenomic analysis revealed gene collinearity adjacent to the established cluster in all CTB cluster-harboring species. We demonstrate that the CTB cluster is larger than previously recognized and includes cercosporin facilitator protein, previously shown to be involved with cercosporin autoresistance, and four additional genes required for cercosporin biosynthesis, including the final pathway enzymes that install the unusual cercosporin methylenedioxy bridge. Lastly, we demonstrate production of cercosporin by Colletotrichum fioriniae, the first known cercosporin producer within this agriculturally important genus. Thus, our results provide insight into the intricate evolution and biology of a toxin critical to agriculture and broaden the production of cercosporin to another fungal genus containing many plant pathogens of important crops worldwide.	1
Title: Complementation of CTB7 in the Maize Pathogen Cercospora zeina Overcomes the Lack of In Vitro Cercosporin Production Abstract: Gray leaf spot (GLS), caused by the sibling species Cercospora zeina or Cercospora zeae-maydis, is cited as one of the most important diseases threatening global maize production. C. zeina fails to produce cercosporin in vitro and, in most cases, causes large coalescing lesions during maize infection, a symptom generally absent from cercosporin-deficient mutants in other Cercospora spp. Here, we describe the C. zeina cercosporin toxin biosynthetic (CTB) gene cluster. The oxidoreductase gene CTB7 contained several insertions and deletions as compared with the C. zeae-maydis ortholog. We set out to determine whether complementing the defective CTB7 gene with the full-length gene from C. zeae-maydis could confer in vitro cercosporin production. C. zeina transformants containing C. zeae-maydis CTB7 were generated by Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation and were evaluated for in vitro cercosporin production. When grown on nitrogen-limited medium in the light-conditions conducive to cercosporin production in other Cercospora spp.-one transformant accumulated a red pigment that was confirmed to be cercosporin by the KOH assay, thin-layer chromatography, and ultra performance liquid chromatography-quadrupole-time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Our results indicated that C. zeina has a defective CTB7, but all other necessary machinery required for synthesizing cercosporin-like molecules and, thus, C. zeina may produce a structural variant of cercosporin during maize infection.	1
Title: The chejuenolide biosynthetic gene cluster harboring an iterative trans-AT PKS system in Hahella chejuensis strain MB-1084 Abstract: Hahella chejuensis MB-1084 is a Gram-negative marine bacterial strain that produces unusual 17-membered carbocyclic tetraenes, chejuenolide A and B. Two fosmid clones responsible for chejuenolide production were identified from the genomic DNA library of the MB-1084 strain. Systematic inactivation of the open reading frames (ORFs) in the sequenced region defines the boundaries of the chejuenolide (che) biosynthetic gene cluster (24.9 kbp) that encodes one non-ribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS)-polyketide synthase (PKS) hybrid protein, three modular PKSs, two PKS domains, and an amine oxidase homolog. Based on the results, we found that the che PKSs have non-canonical features such as trans-AT system and insufficient number of KS domains (five KS domains) for chejuenolide production (requires eight rounds of Claisen condensation reaction). Heterologous expression of the che PKSs in the E. coli BAP1 strain provides strong evidence of the iterative characteristic of the modular PKSs. Additionally, the phylogenetic relatedness of the KS domains of che PKSs and other trans-AT PKSs was analyzed to propose a possible pathway for chejuenolide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Linking secondary metabolites to gene clusters through genome sequencing of six diverse Aspergillus species Abstract: The fungal genus of Aspergillus is highly interesting, containing everything from industrial cell factories, model organisms, and human pathogens. In particular, this group has a prolific production of bioactive secondary metabolites (SMs). In this work, four diverse Aspergillus species (A. campestris, A. novofumigatus, A. ochraceoroseus, and A. steynii) have been whole-genome PacBio sequenced to provide genetic references in three Aspergillus sections. A. taichungensis and A. candidus also were sequenced for SM elucidation. Thirteen Aspergillus genomes were analyzed with comparative genomics to determine phylogeny and genetic diversity, showing that each presented genome contains 15-27% genes not found in other sequenced Aspergilli. In particular, A. novofumigatus was compared with the pathogenic species A. fumigatus This suggests that A. novofumigatus can produce most of the same allergens, virulence, and pathogenicity factors as A. fumigatus, suggesting that A. novofumigatus could be as pathogenic as A. fumigatus Furthermore, SMs were linked to gene clusters based on biological and chemical knowledge and analysis, genome sequences, and predictive algorithms. We thus identify putative SM clusters for aflatoxin, chlorflavonin, and ochrindol in A. ochraceoroseus, A. campestris, and A. steynii, respectively, and novofumigatonin, ent-cycloechinulin, and epi-aszonalenins in A. novofumigatus Our study delivers six fungal genomes, showing the large diversity found in the Aspergillus genus; highlights the potential for discovery of beneficial or harmful SMs; and supports reports of A. novofumigatus pathogenicity. It also shows how biological, biochemical, and genomic information can be combined to identify genes involved in the biosynthesis of specific SMs.	1
Title: Chrysogine Biosynthesis Is Mediated by a Two-Module Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Abstract: Production of chrysogine has been reported from several fungal genera including Penicillium, Aspergillus, and Fusarium. Anthranilic acid and pyruvic acid, which are expected precursors of chrysogine, enhance production of this compound. A possible route for the biosynthesis using these substrates is via a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). Through comparative analysis of the NRPSs from genome-sequenced producers of chrysogine we identified a candidate NRPS cluster comprising five additional genes named chry2-6. Deletion of the two-module NRPS (NRPS14 = chry1) abolished chrysogine production in Fusarium graminearum, indicating that the gene cluster is responsible for chrysogine biosynthesis. Overexpression of NRPS14 enhanced chrysogine production, suggesting that the NRPS is the bottleneck in the biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Pathway for the Biosynthesis of the Pigment Chrysogine by Penicillium chrysogenum Abstract: Chrysogine is a yellow pigment produced by Penicillium chrysogenum and other filamentous fungi. Although the pigment was first isolated in 1973, its biosynthetic pathway has so far not been resolved. Here, we show that deletion of the highly expressed nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene Pc21g12630 (chyA) resulted in a decrease in the production of chrysogine and 13 related compounds in the culture broth of P. chrysogenum Each of the genes of the chyA-containing gene cluster was individually deleted, and corresponding mutants were examined by metabolic profiling in order to elucidate their function. The data suggest that the NRPS ChyA mediates the condensation of anthranilic acid and alanine into the intermediate 2-(2-aminopropanamido)benzoic acid, which was verified by feeding experiments of a ΔchyA strain with the chemically synthesized product. The remainder of the pathway is highly branched, yielding at least 13 chrysogine-related compounds.IMPORTANCEPenicillium chrysogenum is used in industry for the production of β-lactams, but also produces several other secondary metabolites. The yellow pigment chrysogine is one of the most abundant metabolites in the culture broth, next to β-lactams. Here, we have characterized the biosynthetic gene cluster involved in chrysogine production and elucidated a complex and highly branched biosynthetic pathway, assigning each of the chrysogine cluster genes to biosynthetic steps and metabolic intermediates. The work further unlocks the metabolic potential of filamentous fungi and the complexity of secondary metabolite pathways.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450 for Citreohybridonol Synthesis: Oxidative Derivatization of the Andrastin Scaffold Abstract: A biosynthetic gene cluster similar to that for andrastin A (1) was discovered in Emericella variecolor NBRC 32302. Ctr-P450, a cytochrome P450 uniquely present in the cluster, was coexpressed with the andrastin A biosynthetic genes, leading to the production of the antifeedant agent citreohybridonol (4), along with four new andrastin derivatives. The results revealed the unusual multifunctionality of Ctr-P450 and indicated that this approach can be applied for further natural product diversification.	1
Title: Native and Engineered Clifednamide Biosynthesis in Multiple Streptomyces spp Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactam (PTM) natural products are produced by actinomycetes and other bacteria. PTMs are often bioactive, and the simplicity of their biosynthetic clusters make them attractive for bioengineering. Clifednamide-type PTMs from Streptomyces sp. strain JV178 contain a distinctive ketone group, suggesting the existence of a novel PTM oxidizing enzyme. Here, we report the new cytochrome P450 enzyme (CftA) is required for clifednamide production. Genome mining was used to identify several new clifednamide producers, some having improved clifednamide yields. Using a parallel synthetic biology approach, CftA isozymes were used to engineer the ikarugamycin pathway of Streptomyces sp. strain NRRL F-2890 to yield clifednamides. Further, we observed that strong CftA expression leads to the production of a new PTM, clifednamide C. We demonstrate the utility of both genome mining and synthetic biology to rapidly increase clifednamide production.	1
Title: Elucidation of the biosynthesis of the methane catalyst coenzyme F430 Abstract: Methane biogenesis in methanogens is mediated by methyl-coenzyme M reductase, an enzyme that is also responsible for the utilization of methane through anaerobic methane oxidation. The enzyme uses an ancillary factor called coenzyme F430, a nickel-containing modified tetrapyrrole that promotes catalysis through a methyl radical/Ni(ii)-thiolate intermediate. However, it is unclear how coenzyme F430 is synthesized from the common primogenitor uroporphyrinogen iii, incorporating 11 steric centres into the macrocycle, although the pathway must involve chelation, amidation, macrocyclic ring reduction, lactamization and carbocyclic ring formation. Here we identify the proteins that catalyse the biosynthesis of coenzyme F430 from sirohydrochlorin, termed CfbA-CfbE, and demonstrate their activity. The research completes our understanding of how the repertoire of tetrapyrrole-based pigments are constructed, permitting the development of recombinant systems to use these metalloprosthetic groups more widely.	1
Title: Identification of the Colicin V Bacteriocin Gene Cluster by Functional Screening of a Human Microbiome Metagenomic Library Abstract: The forces that shape human microbial ecology are complex. It is likely that human microbiota, similarly to other microbiomes, use antibiotics as one way to establish an ecological niche. In this study, we use functional metagenomics to identify human microbial gene clusters that encode for antibiotic functions. Screening of a metagenomic library prepared from a healthy patient stool sample led to the identification of a family of clones with inserts that are 99% identical to a region of a virulence plasmid found in avian pathogenic Escherichia coli. Characterization of the metagenomic DNA sequence identified a colicin V biosynthetic cluster as being responsible for the observed antibiotic effect of the metagenomic clone against E. coli. This study presents a scalable method to recover antibiotic gene clusters from humans using functional metagenomics and highlights a strategy to study bacteriocins in the human microbiome which can provide a resource for therapeutic discovery.	1
Title: Targeted Discovery and Combinatorial Biosynthesis of Polycyclic Tetramate Macrolactam Combamides A-E Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PoTeMs) are a growing class of natural products with distinct structure and diverse biological activities. By promoter engineering and heterologous expression of the cryptic cbm gene cluster, four new PoTeMs, combamides A-E (1-4), were identified. Additionally, two new derivatives, combamides E (5) and F (6), were generated via combinatorial biosynthesis. Together, our findings provide a sound base for expanding the structure diversities of PoTeMs through genome mining and combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: PCR-Independent Method of Transformation-Associated Recombination Reveals the Cosmomycin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in an Ocean Streptomycete Abstract: The transformation-associated recombination cloning methodology facilitates the genomic capture and heterologous expression of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). We have streamlined this procedure by introduction of synthetic DNA gene blocks for the efficient capture of BGCs. We show the successful capture and expression of the aromatic polyketide antitumor agent cosmomycin from streptomycete bacteria and the discovery of new cosmomycin analogues by mass spectral molecular networking.	1
Title: Structure and Biosynthesis of Crocagins: Polycyclic Posttranslationally Modified Ribosomal Peptides from Chondromyces crocatus Abstract: Secondary metabolome mining efforts in the myxobacterial multiproducer of natural products, Chondromyces crocatus Cm c5, resulted in the isolation and structure elucidation of crocagins, which are novel polycyclic peptides containing a tetrahydropyrrolo[2,3-b]indole core. The gene cluster was identified through an approach combining genome analysis, targeted gene inactivation in the producer, and in vitro experiments. Based on our findings, we developed a biosynthetic scheme for crocagin biosynthesis. These natural products are formed from the three C-terminal amino acids of a precursor peptide and thus belong to a novel class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). We demonstrate that crocagin A binds to the carbon storage regulator protein CsrA, thereby inhibiting the ability of CsrA to bind to its cognate RNA target.	1
Title: A Maldiisotopic Approach to Discover Natural Products: Cryptomaldamide, a Hybrid Tripeptide from the Marine Cyanobacterium Moorea producens Abstract: Genome sequencing of microorganisms has revealed a greatly increased capacity for natural products biosynthesis than was previously recognized from compound isolation efforts alone. Hence, new methods are needed for the discovery and description of this hidden secondary metabolite potential. Here we show that provision of heavy nitrogen 15N-nitrate to marine cyanobacterial cultures followed by single-filament MALDI analysis over a period of days was highly effective in identifying a new natural product with an exceptionally high nitrogen content. The compound, named cryptomaldamide, was subsequently isolated using MS to guide the purification process, and its structure determined by 2D NMR and other spectroscopic and chromatographic methods. Bioinformatic analysis of the draft genome sequence identified a 28.7 kB gene cluster that putatively encodes for cryptomaldamide biosynthesis. Notably, an amidinotransferase is proposed to initiate the biosynthetic process by transferring an amidino group from arginine to serine to produce the first residue to be incorporated by the hybrid NRPS-PKS pathway. The maldiisotopic approach presented here is thus demonstrated to provide an orthogonal method by which to discover novel chemical diversity from Nature.	1
Title: Integration of Chemical, Genetic, and Bioinformatic Approaches Delineates Fungal Polyketide-Peptide Hybrid Biosynthesis Abstract: To identify natural products and their associated biosynthetic genes from underutilized, difficult-to-manipulate microbes, chemical screening and bioinformatic analysis were employed to identify secondary metabolites and a potentially associated biosynthetic gene cluster. Subsequently, a heterologous expression system was used to confirm the identity of the gene cluster and the proposed biosynthetic mechanism. This approach successfully identified the curvupallide and spirostaphylotrichin biosynthetic pathways in endophytic fungus Curvularia pallescens and the short-chain pyranonigrin biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus niger.	1
Title: Identification of cyclosporin C from Amphichorda felina using a Cryptococcus neoformans differential temperature sensitivity assay Abstract: We used a temperature differential assay with the opportunistic fungal pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans as a simple screening platform to detect small molecules with antifungal activity in natural product extracts. By screening of a collection extracts from two different strains of the coprophilous fungus, Amphichorda felina, we detected strong, temperature-dependent antifungal activity using a two-plate agar zone of inhibition assay at 25 and 37 °C. Bioassay-guided fractionation of the crude extract followed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMR) identified cyclosporin C (CsC) as the main component of the crude extract responsible for growth inhibition of C. neoformans at 37 °C. The presence of CsC was confirmed by comparison with a commercial standard. We sequenced the genome of A. felina to identify and annotate the CsC biosynthetic gene cluster. The only previously characterized gene cluster for the biosynthesis of similar compounds is that of the related immunosuppressant drug cyclosporine A (CsA). The CsA and CsC gene clusters share a high degree of synteny and sequence similarity. Amino acid changes in the adenylation domain of the CsC nonribosomal peptide synthase's sixth module may be responsible for the substitution of L-threonine compared to L-α-aminobutyric acid in the CsA peptide core. This screening strategy promises to yield additional antifungal natural products with a focused spectrum of antimicrobial activity.	1
Title: A new strategy for aromatic ring alkylation in cylindrocyclophane biosynthesis Abstract: Alkylation of aromatic rings with alkyl halides is an important transformation in organic synthesis, yet an enzymatic equivalent is unknown. Here, we report that cylindrocyclophane biosynthesis in Cylindrospermum licheniforme ATCC 29412 involves chlorination of an unactivated carbon center by a novel halogenase, followed by a previously uncharacterized enzymatic dimerization reaction featuring sequential, stereospecific alkylations of resorcinol aromatic rings. Discovery of the enzymatic machinery underlying this unique biosynthetic carbon-carbon bond formation has implications for biocatalysis and metabolic engineering.	1
Title: Isolation, Structure Elucidation, and Biosynthesis of a Cysteate-Containing Nonribosomal Peptide in Streptomyces lincolnensis Abstract: The species Streptomyces lincolnensis is known as a producer of lincomycin A, a clinically important lincosamide antibiotic with activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Here, we report that S. lincolnensis produces a new cysteate-containing lactone product, cysteoamide (1), which arises from nonribosomal peptide synthetase-programmed sequential assembly of the monomers phenylacetic acid, valine, cysteate, threonine, β-hydroxyleucine, and β-alanine and subsequent intramolecular cyclization to form a lactone ring. The structure of 1 was determined by combined analysis of NMR and MS spectra, while the amino acid absolute configurations in 1 were assigned by Marfey's analysis following acid hydrolysis. The biosynthetic gene cluster of 1 was defined in the genome of S. lincolnensis by bioinformatics analysis and in vivo genetic study. In addition, in vitro assay revealed that OrfA, a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent protein, is responsible for the formation of the unusual cysteate unit. Cysteate-containing nonribosomal peptides appear to be widely present in various Streptomyces strains, and this study generates interest in their intrinsic functions that remain poorly understood.	1
Title: Elucidating the Sugar Tailoring Steps in the Cytorhodin Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: Anthracycline antitumor cytorhodins X and Y feature a rare 9α-glycoside and 7-dexoy-aglycone. Characterization of the cytorhodin gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 1666 through gene inactivations and metabolite analyses reveals three glycosyltransferases (GTs) involved in the sugar tailoring steps. The duo of CytG1 and CytL effects C-7 glycosylation with l-rhodosamine whereas the iterative GT CytG3 and CytW similarly modifies both C-9 and C-10 positions. CytG2 also acts iteratively by incorporating the second and third sugar moiety into the trisaccharide chains at the C-7 or C-10 position.	1
Title: Targeting Reactive Carbonyls for Identifying Natural Products and Their Biosynthetic Origins Abstract: Natural products (NPs) serve important roles as drug candidates and as tools for chemical biology. However, traditional NP discovery, largely based on bioassay-guided approaches, is biased toward abundant compounds and rediscovery rates are high. Orthogonal methods to facilitate discovery of new NPs are thus needed, and herein we describe an isotope tag-based expansion of reactivity-based NP screening to address these shortcomings. Reactivity-based screening is a directed discovery approach in which a specific reactive handle on the NP is targeted by a chemoselective probe to enable its detection by mass spectrometry. In this study, we have developed an aminooxy-containing probe to guide the discovery of aldehyde- and ketone-containing NPs. To facilitate the detection of labeling events, the probe was dibrominated, imparting a unique isotopic signature to distinguish labeled metabolites from spectral noise. As a proof of concept, the probe was then utilized to screen a collection of bacterial extracts, leading to the identification of a new analogue of antipain, deimino-antipain. The bacterial producer of deimino-antipain was sequenced and the responsible biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by bioinformatic analysis and heterologous expression. These data reveal the previously undetermined genetic basis for a well-known family of aldehyde-containing, peptidic protease inhibitors, including antipain, chymostatin, leupeptin, elastatinal, and microbial alkaline protease inhibitor, which have been widely used for over 40 years.	1
Title: Biosynthetic pathway for furanosteroid demethoxyviridin and identification of an unusual pregnane side-chain cleavage Abstract: Furanosteroids, represented by wortmannin, viridin, and demethoxyviridin, are a special group of fungal-derived, highly oxygenated steroids featured by an extra furan ring. They are well-known nanomolar-potency inhibitors of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase and widely used in biological studies. Despite their importance, the biosyntheses of these molecules are poorly understood. Here, we report the identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster for demethoxyviridin, consisting of 19 genes, and among them 15 biosynthetic genes, including six cytochrome P450 monooxygenase genes, are deleted. As a result, 14 biosynthetic intermediates are isolated, and the biosynthetic pathway for demethoxyviridin is elucidated. Notably, the pregnane side-chain cleavage requires three enzymes: flavin-dependent Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase, esterase, and dehydrogenase, in sharp contrast to the single cytochrome P450-mediated process in mammalian cells. Structure-activity analyses of these obtained biosynthetic intermediates reveal that the 3-keto group, the C1β-OH, and the aromatic ring C are important for the inhibition of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase.	1
Title: Genomics of iron acquisition in the plant pathogen Erwinia amylovora: insights in the biosynthetic pathway of the siderophore desferrioxamine E Abstract: Genomics has clarified the biosynthetic pathway for desferrioxamine E critical for iron acquisition in the enterobacterial fire blight pathogen Erwinia amylovora. Evidence for each of the individual steps and the role of desferrioxamine E biosynthesis in pathogen virulence and cell protection from host defenses is presented. Using comparative genomics, it can be concluded that desferrioxamine biosynthesis is ancestral within the genera Erwinia and Pantoea.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Pharmaceutically Important Fungal Ergot Alkaloid Dihydrolysergic Acid Requires a Specialized Allele of cloA Abstract: Ergot alkaloids are specialized fungal metabolites that are important as the bases of several pharmaceuticals. Many ergot alkaloids are derivatives of lysergic acid (LA) and have vasoconstrictive activity, whereas several dihydrolysergic acid (DHLA) derivatives are vasorelaxant. The pathway to LA is established, with the P450 monooxygenase CloA playing a key role in oxidizing its substrate agroclavine to LA. We analyzed the activities of products of cloA alleles from different fungi relative to DHLA biosynthesis by expressing them in a mutant of the fungus Neosartorya fumigata that accumulates festuclavine, the precursor to DHLA. Transformants expressing CloA from Epichloë typhina × Epichloë festucae, which oxidizes agroclavine to LA, failed to oxidize festuclavine to DHLA. In substrate feeding experiments, these same transformants oxidized exogenously supplied agroclavine to LA, indicating that a functional CloA was produced. A genomic clone of cloA from Claviceps africana, a sorghum ergot fungus that produces a DHLA derivative, was cloned and expressed in the festuclavine-accumulating mutant of N. fumigata, but several introns in this genomic clone were not processed properly. Expression of a synthetic intron-free version of C. africanacloA resulted in the accumulation of DHLA as assessed by fluorescence high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). In substrate feeding experiments, the C. africana CloA also accepted agroclavine as the substrate, oxidizing it to LA. The data indicate that a specialized allele of cloA is required for DHLA biosynthesis and that the pharmaceutically important compound DHLA can be produced in engineered N. fumigataIMPORTANCE Ergot alkaloids are fungal metabolites that have impacted humankind historically as poisons and more recently as pharmaceuticals used to treat dementia, migraines, and other disorders. Much is known about the biosynthesis of ergot alkaloids that are derived from lysergic acid (LA), but important questions remain about a parallel pathway to ergot alkaloids derived from dihydrolysergic acid (DHLA). DHLA-derived alkaloids have minor structural differences compared to LA-derived alkaloids but can have very different activities. To understand how DHLA is made, we analyzed activities of a key enzyme in the DHLA pathway and found that it differed from its counterpart in the LA pathway. Our data indicate a critical difference between the two pathways and provide a strategy for producing DHLA by modifying a model fungus. The ability to produce DHLA in a model fungus may facilitate synthesis of DHLA-derived pharmaceuticals.	1
Title: Diisonitrile Natural Product SF2768 Functions As a Chalkophore That Mediates Copper Acquisition in Streptomyces thioluteus Abstract: A nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster (sfa) was identified in Streptomyces thioluteus to direct the biosynthesis of the diisonitrile antibiotic SF2768. Its biosynthetic pathway was reasonably proposed based on bioinformatics analysis, metabolic profiles of mutants, and the elucidation of the intermediate and shunt product structures. Bioinformatics-based alignment found a putative ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter related to iron import within the biosynthetic gene cluster, which implied that the product might be a siderophore. However, characterization of the metal-binding properties by high-resolution electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (HR-ESI-MS), metal-ligand titration, thin-layer chromatography (TLC), and chrome azurol S (CAS) assays revealed that the final product SF2768 and its diisonitrile derivatives specifically bind copper, rather than iron, to form stable complexes. Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) analysis revealed that the intracellular cupric content of S. thioluteus significantly increased upon incubation with the copper-SF2768 complex, direct evidence for the copper acquisition function of SF2768. Further in vivo functional characterization of the transport elements for the copper-SF2768 complexes not only confirmed the chalkophore identity of the compound but also gave initial clues into the copper uptake mechanism of this nonmethanotrophic microorganism.	1
Title: Discovery of Reactive Microbiota-Derived Metabolites that Inhibit Host Proteases Abstract: The gut microbiota modulate host biology in numerous ways, but little is known about the molecular mediators of these interactions. Previously, we found a widely distributed family of nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters in gut bacteria. Here, by expressing a subset of these clusters in Escherichia coli or Bacillus subtilis, we show that they encode pyrazinones and dihydropyrazinones. At least one of the 47 clusters is present in 88% of the National Institutes of Health Human Microbiome Project (NIH HMP) stool samples, and they are transcribed under conditions of host colonization. We present evidence that the active form of these molecules is the initially released peptide aldehyde, which bears potent protease inhibitory activity and selectively targets a subset of cathepsins in human cell proteomes. Our findings show that an approach combining bioinformatics, synthetic biology, and heterologous gene cluster expression can rapidly expand our knowledge of the metabolic potential of the microbiota while avoiding the challenges of cultivating fastidious commensals.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Heptacyclic Duclauxins Requires Extensive Redox Modifications of the Phenalenone Aromatic Polyketide Abstract: Duclauxins are dimeric and heptacyclic fungal polyketides with notable bioactivities. We characterized the cascade of redox transformations in the biosynthetic pathway of duclauxin from Talaromyces stipitatus. The redox reaction sequence is initiated by a cupin family dioxygenase DuxM that performs an oxidative cleavage of the peri-fused tricyclic phenalenone and affords a transient hemiketal-oxaphenalenone intermediate. Additional redox enzymes then morph the oxaphenoalenone into either an anhydride or a dihydrocoumarin-containing monomeric building block that is found in dimeric duxlauxins. Oxidative coupling between the monomers to form the initial C-C bond was shown to be catalyzed by a P450 monooxygenase, although the enzyme responsible for the second C-C bond formation was not found in the pathway. Collectively, the number and variety of redox enzymes used in the duclauxin pathway showcase Nature's strategy to generate structural complexity during natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Insights into the Biosynthesis of Duramycin Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified antimicrobial peptides that are characterized by the thioether cross-linked bisamino acids lanthionine (Lan) and methyllanthionine (MeLan). Duramycin contains 19 amino acids, including one Lan and two MeLans, an unusual lysinoalanine (Lal) bridge formed from the ε-amino group of lysine 19 and a serine residue at position 6, and an erythro-3-hydroxy-l-aspartic acid at position 15. These modifications are important for the interactions of duramycin with its biological target, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE). Based on the binding affinity and specificity for PE, duramycin has been investigated as a potential therapeutic, as a molecular probe to investigate the role and localization of PE in biological systems, and to block viral entry into mammalian cells. In this study, we identified the duramycin biosynthetic gene cluster by genome sequencing of Streptomyces cinnamoneus ATCC 12686 and investigated the dur biosynthetic machinery by heterologous expression in Escherichia coli In addition, the analog duramycin C, containing six amino acid changes compared to duramycin, was successfully generated in E. coli The substrate recognition motif of DurX, an α-ketoglutarate/iron(II)-dependent hydroxylase that carries out the hydroxylation of aspartate 15 of the precursor peptide DurA, was also investigated using mutagenesis of the DurA peptide. Both in vivo and in vitro results demonstrated that Gly16 is important for DurX activity.                  Importance:                       Duramycin is a natural product produced by certain bacteria that binds to phosphatidylethanolamine (PE). Because PE is involved in many cellular processes, duramycin is an antibiotic that kills bacteria, but it has also been used as a molecular probe to detect PE and monitor its localization in mammalian cells and even whole organisms, and it was recently shown to display broad-spectrum inhibition of viral entry into host cells. In addition, the molecule has been evaluated as treatment for cystic fibrosis. We report here the genes that are involved in duramycin biosynthesis, and we produced duramycin by expressing those genes in Escherichia coli We show that duramycin analogs can also be produced. The ability to access duramycin and analogs by production in E. coli opens opportunities to improve duramycin as an antibiotic, PE probe, antiviral, or cystic fibrosis therapeutic.	1
Title: Evidence for an iterative module in chain elongation on the azalomycin polyketide synthase Abstract: The assembly-line synthases that produce bacterial polyketide natural products follow a modular paradigm in which each round of chain extension is catalysed by a different set or module of enzymes. Examples of deviation from this paradigm, in which a module catalyses either multiple extensions or none are of interest from both a mechanistic and an evolutionary viewpoint. We present evidence that in the biosynthesis of the 36-membered macrocyclic aminopolyol lactones (marginolactones) azalomycin and kanchanamycin, isolated respectively from Streptomyces malaysiensis DSM4137 and Streptomyces olivaceus Tü4018, the first extension module catalyses both the first and second cycles of polyketide chain extension. To confirm the integrity of the azl gene cluster, it was cloned intact on a bacterial artificial chromosome and transplanted into the heterologous host strain Streptomyces lividans, which does not possess the genes for marginolactone production. When furnished with 4-guanidinobutyramide, a specific precursor of the azalomycin starter unit, the recombinant S. lividans produced azalomycin, showing that the polyketide synthase genes in the sequenced cluster are sufficient to accomplish formation of the full-length polyketide chain. This provides strong support for module iteration in the azalomycin and kanchanamycin biosynthetic pathways. In contrast, re-sequencing of the gene cluster for biosynthesis of the polyketide β-lactone ebelactone in Streptomyces aburaviensis has shown that, contrary to a recently-published proposal, the ebelactone polyketide synthase faithfully follows the colinear modular paradigm.	1
Title: Genome Sequence of Pseudomonas stutzeri 273 and Identification of the Exopolysaccharide EPS273 Biosynthesis Locus Abstract: Pseudomonas stutzeri 273 is a marine bacterium producing exopolysaccharide 273 (EPS273) with high anti-biofilm activity against P. aeruginosa PAO1. Here, the complete genome of P.stutzeri 273 was sequenced and the genome contained a circular 5.03 Mb chromosome. With extensive analysis of the genome, a genetic locus containing 18 genes was predicted to be involved in the biosynthesis of EPS273. In order to confirm this prediction, two adjacent genes (eps273-H and eps273-I) encoding glycosyltransferases and one gene (eps273-O) encoding tyrosine protein kinase within the genetic locus were deleted and biosynthesis of EPS273 was checked in parallel. The molecular weight profile of EPS purified from the mutant Δeps273-HI was obviously different from that purified from wild-type P.stutzeri 273, while the corresponding EPS was hardly detected from the mutant Δeps273-O, which indicated the involvement of the proposed 18-gene cluster in the biosynthesis of EPS273. Moreover, the mutant Δeps273-HI had the biofilm formed earlier compared with the wild type, and the mutant Δeps273-O almost completely lost the ability of biofilm formation. Therefore, EPS273 might facilitate the biofilm formation for its producing strain P.stutzeri 273 while inhibiting the biofilm formation of P. aeruginosa PAO1. This study can contribute to better understanding of the biosynthesis of EPS273 and disclose the biological function of EPS273 for its producing strain P.stutzeri 273.	1
Title: Identification of a novel aminopolycarboxylic acid siderophore gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of ethylenediaminesuccinic acid hydroxyarginine (EDHA) Abstract: The mechanism of siderophore-mediated iron supply enhances fitness and survivability of microorganisms under iron limited growth conditions. One class of naturally occurring ionophores is the small aminopolycarboxylic acids (APCAs). Although they are structurally related to the most famous anthropogenic chelating agent, ethylenediaminetetraacetate (EDTA), they have been largely neglected by the scientific community. Here, we demonstrate the detection of APCA gene clusters by a computational screening of a nucleotide database. This genome mining approach enabled the discovery of a yet unknown APCA gene cluster in well-described actinobacterial strains, either known for their potential to produce valuable secondary metabolites (Streptomyces avermitilis) or for their pathogenic lifestyle (Streptomyces scabies, Corynebacterium pseudotuberculosis, Corynebacterium ulcerans and Nocardia brasiliensis). The herein identified gene cluster was shown to encode the biosynthesis of APCA, ethylenediaminesuccinic acid hydroxyarginine (EDHA). Detailed and comparatively performed production and transcriptional profiling of EDHA and its biosynthesis genes showed strict iron-responsive biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome-scale analysis of the genes that contribute to Burkholderia pseudomallei biofilm formation identifies a crucial exopolysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster Abstract: Burkholderia pseudomallei, the causative agent of melioidosis, is an important public health threat due to limited therapeutic options for treatment. Efforts to improve therapeutics for B. pseudomallei infections are dependent on the need to understand the role of B. pseudomallei biofilm formation and its contribution to antibiotic tolerance and persistence as these are bacterial traits that prevent effective therapy. In order to reveal the genes that regulate and/or contribute to B. pseudomallei 1026b biofilm formation, we screened a sequence defined two-allele transposon library and identified 118 transposon insertion mutants that were deficient in biofilm formation. These mutants include transposon insertions in genes predicted to encode flagella, fimbriae, transcriptional regulators, polysaccharides, and hypothetical proteins. Polysaccharides are key constituents of biofilms and B. pseudomallei has the capacity to produce a diversity of polysaccharides, thus there is a critical need to link these biosynthetic genes with the polysaccharides they produce to better understand their biological role during infection. An allelic exchange deletion mutant of the entire B. pseudomallei biofilm-associated exopolysaccharide biosynthetic cluster was decreased in biofilm formation and produced a smooth colony morphology suggestive of the loss of exopolysaccharide production. Conversely, deletion of the previously defined capsule I polysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster increased biofilm formation. Bioinformatics analyses combined with immunoblot analysis and glycosyl composition studies of the partially purified exopolysaccharide indicate that the biofilm-associated exopolysaccharide is neither cepacian nor the previously described acidic exopolysaccharide. The biofilm-associated exopolysaccharide described here is also specific to the B. pseudomallei complex of bacteria. Since this novel exopolysaccharide biosynthesis cluster is retained in B. mallei, it is predicted to have a role in colonization and infection of the host. These findings will facilitate further advances in understanding the pathogenesis of B. pseudomallei and improve diagnostics and therapeutic treatment strategies.	1
Title: Formicamycins, antibacterial polyketides produced by Streptomyces formicae isolated from African Tetraponera plant-ants Abstract: We report a new Streptomyces species named S. formicae that was isolated from the African fungus-growing plant-ant Tetraponera penzigi and show that it produces novel pentacyclic polyketides that are active against MRSA and VRE. The chemical scaffold of these compounds, which we have called the formicamycins, is similar to the fasamycins identified from the heterologous expression of clones isolated from environmental DNA, but has significant differences that allow the scaffold to be decorated with up to four halogen atoms. We report the structures and bioactivities of 16 new molecules and show, using CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing, that biosynthesis of these compounds is encoded by a single type 2 polyketide synthase biosynthetic gene cluster in the S. formicae genome. Our work has identified the first antibiotic from the Tetraponera system and highlights the benefits of exploring unusual ecological niches for new actinomycete strains and novel natural products.	1
Title: New natural product families from an environmental DNA (eDNA) gene cluster Abstract: Uncultured bacteria represent a potentially rich source of new and useful natural products. Studying these natural products requires the development of effective yet straightforward methods to access the small-molecule chemical diversity produced by uncultured bacteria. In this study, DNA extracted directly from soil samples (environmental DNA, eDNA) was used to construct cosmid libraries in Escherichia coli, and these clones were then assayed for the production of antibiosis. A 13 open reading frame (ORF) biosynthetic gene cluster (feeA-M) found in one of the antibacterial active clones, CSLC-2, confers to E. coli the production of two new families of natural products that are derived from long chain N-acyltyrosines. The fee gene cluster and three families of the long chain acyl phenols derived from tyrosine (families 1, 2, and 3) are described.	1
Title: Long-chain N-acyltyrosine synthases from environmental DNA Abstract: The heterologous expression of DNA extracted directly from environmental samples (environmental DNA [eDNA]) in easily cultured hosts provides access to natural products produced by previously inaccessible microorganisms. When eDNA cosmid libraries were screened in Escherichia coli for antibacterially active clones, long-chain N-acyltyrosine-producing clones were found in every eDNA library. These apparently common natural products have not been previously described from screening extracts of cultured bacteria for biologically active natural products. Of the 11 long-chain N-acyl amino acid synthases (NASs) that were characterized, 10 are unique sequences. A predicted protein of previously unknown function from Nitrosomonas europaea, a gram-negative nitrifying beta-proteobacterium, is 14 to 37% identical to eDNA NASs. When cloned into E. coli, this open reading frame confers the production of long-chain N-acyltyrosines to the host and is therefore the first NAS from a cultured bacterium to be functionally characterized. Understanding the role that long-chain N-acyl amino acids play in soil microbial communities should now be feasible with the identification of a cultured organism that has the genetic capacity to produce these compounds.	1
Title: Long-chain N-acyl amino acid synthases are linked to the putative PEP-CTERM/exosortase protein-sorting system in Gram-negative bacteria Abstract: Clones that encode the biosynthesis of long-chain N-acyl amino acids are frequently recovered from activity-based screens of soil metagenomic libraries. Members of a diverse set of enzymes referred to as N-acyl amino acid synthases are responsible for the production of all metagenome-derived N-acyl amino acids characterized to date. Based on the frequency at which N-acyl amino acid synthase genes have been identified from metagenomic samples, related genes are expected to be common throughout the global bacterial metagenome. Homologs of metagenome-derived N-acyl amino acid synthase genes are scarce, however, within the sequenced genomes of cultured bacterial species. Toward the goal of understanding the role(s) played by N-acyl amino acids in environmental bacteria, we looked for conserved genetic features that are positionally linked to metagenome-derived N-acyl amino acid synthase genes. This analysis revealed that N-acyl amino acid synthase genes are frequently found adjacent to genes predicted to encode PEP-CTERM motif-containing proteins and, in some cases, other conserved elements of the PEP-CTERM/exosortase system. Although relatively little is known about the PEP-CTERM/exosortase system, its core components are believed to represent the putative Gram-negative equivalent of the LPXTG/sortase protein-sorting system of Gram-positive bacteria. During the course of this investigation, we were able to provide evidence that an uncharacterized family of hypothetical acyltransferases, which had previously been linked to the PEP-CTERM/exosortase system by bioinformatics, is a new family of N-acyl amino acid synthases that is widely distributed among the PEP-CTERM/exosortase system-containing Proteobacteria.	1
Title: A Single Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Is Responsible for the Production of Bagremycin Antibiotics and Ferroverdin Iron Chelators Abstract: Biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) are organized groups of genes involved in the production of specialized metabolites. Typically, one BGC is responsible for the production of one or several similar compounds with bioactivities that usually only vary in terms of strength and/or specificity. Here we show that the previously described ferroverdins and bagremycins, which are families of metabolites with different bioactivities, are produced from the same BGC, whereby the fate of the biosynthetic pathway depends on iron availability. Under conditions of iron depletion, the monomeric bagremycins are formed, representing amino-aromatic antibiotics resulting from the condensation of 3-amino-4-hydroxybenzoic acid with p-vinylphenol. Conversely, when iron is abundantly available, the biosynthetic pathway additionally produces a molecule based on p-vinylphenyl-3-nitroso-4-hydroxybenzoate, which complexes iron to form the trimeric ferroverdins that have anticholesterol activity. Thus, our work shows a unique exception to the concept that BGCs should only produce a single family of molecules with one type of bioactivity and that in fact different bioactive molecules may be produced depending on the environmental conditions.IMPORTANCE Access to whole-genome sequences has exposed the general incidence of the so-called cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs), thereby renewing their interest for natural product discovery. As a consequence, genome mining is the often first approach implemented to assess the potential of a microorganism for producing novel bioactive metabolites. By revealing a new level of complexity of natural product biosynthesis, we further illustrate the difficulty of estimation of the panel of molecules associated with a BGC based on genomic information alone. Indeed, we found that the same gene cluster is responsible for the production of compounds which differ in terms of structure and bioactivity. The production of these different compounds responds to different environmental triggers, which suggests that multiplication of culture conditions is essential for revealing the entire panel of molecules made by a single BGC.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the ficellomycin biosynthesis gene cluster from Streptomyces ficellus Abstract: Ficellomycin is a peptide-like antibiotic which exhibits potent in vitro activity against Penicillium oxalicum and Staphylococcus aureus, even against strains resistant to most clinically used antibiotics. The gene cluster responsible for ficellomycin biosynthesis was cloned from Streptomyces ficellus and sequenced. It was found to contain 26 ORFs and is located within 30 kb of contiguous DNA. Targeted disruption of the encoding genes revealed that most were involved in the functional section of ficellomycin biosynthesis, such as peptide assembly, regulation, resistance, and biosynthesis of the precursor of ficellomycin 2-[4-guanidyl-1-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexan-2-yl] glycine (2-GAHG). Within the 2-GAHG synthesis pathway, a sulfate adenylyltransferase appears to be involved in the synthesis of the pharmaceutically important 1-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane ring moiety, which has been reported to cause DNA cross-linking or impairment of semiconservative DNA replication.	1
Title: Decoding cyclase-dependent assembly of hapalindole and fischerindole alkaloids Abstract: The formation of C-C bonds in an enantioselective fashion to create complex polycyclic scaffolds in the hapalindole- and fischerindole- type alkaloids from Stigonematales cyanobacteria represents a compelling and urgent challenge in adapting microbial biosynthesis as a catalytic platform in drug development. Here we determine the biochemical basis for tri- and tetracyclic core formation in these secondary metabolites, involving a new class of cyclases that catalyze a complex cyclization cascade.	1
Title: Identification of the Fluvirucin B2 (Sch 38518) Biosynthetic Gene Cluster from Actinomadura fulva subsp. indica ATCC 53714: substrate Specificity of the β-Amino Acid Selective Adenylating Enzyme FlvN Abstract: Fluvirucins are 14-membered macrolactam polyketides that show antifungal and antivirus activities. Fluvirucins have the β-alanine starter unit at their polyketide skeletons. To understand the construction mechanism of the β-alanine moiety in fluvirucin biosyntheses, we have identified the biosynthetic cluster of fluvirucin B2 produced from Actinomadura fulva subsp. indica ATCC 53714. The identified gene cluster contains three polyketide synthases, four characteristic β-amino acid-carrying enzymes, one decarboxylase, and one amidohydrolase. We next investigated the activity of the adenylation enzyme FlvN, which is a key enzyme for the selective incorporation of a β-amino acid substrate. FlvN showed strong preference for l-aspartate over other amino acids such as β-alanine. Based on these results, we propose a biosynthetic pathway for fluvirucin B2.	1
Title: Wide Distribution of Foxicin Biosynthetic Gene Clusters in Streptomyces Strains - An Unusual Secondary Metabolite with Various Properties Abstract: Streptomyces diastatochromogenes Tü6028 is known to produce the polyketide antibiotic polyketomycin. The deletion of the pokOIV oxygenase gene led to a non-polyketomycin-producing mutant. Instead, novel compounds were produced by the mutant, which have not been detected before in the wild type strain. Four different compounds were identified and named foxicins A-D. Foxicin A was isolated and its structure was elucidated as an unusual nitrogen-containing quinone derivative using various spectroscopic methods. Through genome mining, the foxicin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified in the draft genome sequence of S. diastatochromogenes. The cluster spans 57 kb and encodes three PKS type I modules, one NRPS module and 41 additional enzymes. A foxBII gene-inactivated mutant of S. diastatochromogenes Tü6028 ΔpokOIV is unable to produce foxicins. Homologous fox biosynthetic gene clusters were found in more than 20 additional Streptomyces strains, overall in about 2.6% of all sequenced Streptomyces genomes. However, the production of foxicin-like compounds in these strains has never been described indicating that the clusters are expressed at a very low level or are silent under fermentation conditions. Foxicin A acts as a siderophore through interacting with ferric ions. Furthermore, it is a weak inhibitor of the Escherichia coli aerobic respiratory chain and shows moderate antibiotic activity. The wide distribution of the cluster and the various properties of the compound indicate a major role of foxicins in Streptomyces strains.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of fragin is controlled by a novel quorum sensing signal Abstract: Members of the diazeniumdiolate class of natural compounds show potential for drug development because of their antifungal, antibacterial, antiviral, and antitumor activities. Yet, their biosynthesis has remained elusive to date. Here, we identify a gene cluster directing the biosynthesis of the diazeniumdiolate compound fragin in Burkholderia cenocepacia H111. We provide evidence that fragin is a metallophore and that metal chelation is the molecular basis of its antifungal activity. A subset of the fragin biosynthetic genes is involved in the synthesis of a previously undescribed cell-to-cell signal molecule, valdiazen. RNA-Seq analyses reveal that valdiazen controls fragin biosynthesis and affects the expression of more than 100 genes. Homologs of the valdiazen biosynthesis genes are found in various bacteria, suggesting that valdiazen-like compounds may constitute a new class of signal molecules. We use structural information, in silico prediction of enzymatic functions and biochemical data to propose a biosynthesis route for fragin and valdiazen.	1
Title: Functional Analysis of the Fusarielin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Fusarielins are polyketides with a decalin core produced by various species of Aspergillus and Fusarium. Although the responsible gene cluster has been identified, the biosynthetic pathway remains to be elucidated. In the present study, members of the gene cluster were deleted individually in a Fusarium graminearum strain overexpressing the local transcription factor. The results suggest that a trans-acting enoyl reductase (FSL5) assists the polyketide synthase FSL1 in biosynthesis of a polyketide product, which is released by hydrolysis by a trans-acting thioesterase (FSL2). Deletion of the epimerase (FSL3) resulted in accumulation of an unstable compound, which could be the released product. A novel compound, named prefusarielin, accumulated in the deletion mutant of the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase FSL4. Unlike the known fusarielins from Fusarium, this compound does not contain oxygenized decalin rings, suggesting that FSL4 is responsible for the oxygenation.	1
Title: Homologous Expression and Characterization of Gassericin T and Gassericin S, a Novel Class IIb Bacteriocin Produced by Lactobacillus gasseri LA327 Abstract: Lactobacillus gasseri LA327, isolated from the large intestine tissue in humans, is a bacteriocinogenic strain with two kinds of class IIb bacteriocin structural genes, i.e., those for gassericin T (GT) and acidocin LF221A (Acd LF221A). In this study, DNA sequencing of the genes for GT and Acd LF221A from L. gasseri LA327 revealed that the amino acid sequences for GT corresponded with those for GT genes, except for GatK (histidine kinase). However, Acd LF221A genes had analogues which differed in at least one amino acid residue, to encode a class IIb bacteriocin designated gassericin S (GS). The LA327 strain retained antimicrobial activity after the deletion of the GT structural genes (gatAX); however, both GS and GT activities were lost by deletion of the putative ABC transporter gene (gatT). This indicates that the LA327 strain produces GS and GT and that GS secretion is performed via GT genes with the inclusion of gatT Homologous expression using deletion mutants of GS and GT, each containing a single peptide, elucidated that GS (GasAX) and GT (GatAX) showed synergistic activity as class IIb bacteriocins and that no synergistic activity was observed between GS and GT peptides. The molecular mass of GS was estimated to be theoretical ca. 5,400 Da by in situ activity assay after SDS-PAGE, clarifying that GS was actually expressed as an active class IIb bacteriocin. Furthermore, the stability of expressed GS to pH, heat, and protease was determined.IMPORTANCE Bacteriocins are regarded as potential alternatives for antibiotics in the absence of highly resistant bacteria. In particular, two-peptide (class IIb) bacteriocins exhibit the maximum activity through the synergy of two components, and their antimicrobial spectra are known to be relatively wide. However, there are few reports of synergistic activity of class IIb bacteriocins determined by isolation and purification of individual peptides. Our results clarified the interaction of each class IIb component peptide for GT and GS via the construction of homologous mutants, which were not dependent on the purification. These data may contribute to understanding the mechanisms of action by which class IIb bacteriocins exhibit wide antibacterial spectra.	1
Title: Delineating the biosynthesis of gentamicin x2, the common precursor of the gentamicin C antibiotic complex Abstract: Gentamicin C complex is a mixture of aminoglycoside antibiotics used worldwide to treat severe Gram-negative bacterial infections. Despite its clinical importance, the enzymology of its biosynthetic pathway has remained obscure. We report here insights into the four enzyme-catalyzed steps that lead from the first-formed pseudotrisaccharide gentamicin A2 to gentamicin X2, the last common intermediate for all components of the C complex. We have used both targeted mutations of individual genes and reconstitution of portions of the pathway in vitro to show that the secondary alcohol function at C-3″ of A2 is first converted to an amine, catalyzed by the tandem operation of oxidoreductase GenD2 and transaminase GenS2. The amine is then specifically methylated by the S-adenosyl-l-methionine (SAM)-dependent N-methyltransferase GenN to form gentamicin A. Finally, C-methylation at C-4″ to form gentamicin X2 is catalyzed by the radical SAM-dependent and cobalamin-dependent enzyme GenD1.	1
Title: Multi-Homologous Recombination-Based Gene Manipulation in the Rice Pathogen Fusarium fujikuroi Abstract: Gene disruption by homologous recombination is widely used to investigate and analyze the function of genes in Fusarium fujikuroi, a fungus that causes bakanae disease and root rot symptoms in rice. To generate gene deletion constructs, the use of conventional cloning methods, which rely on restriction enzymes and ligases, has had limited success due to a lack of unique restriction enzyme sites. Although strategies that avoid the use of restriction enzymes have been employed to overcome this issue, these methods require complicated PCR steps or are frequently inefficient. Here, we introduce a cloning system that utilizes multi-fragment assembly by In-Fusion to generate a gene disruption construct. This method utilizes DNA fragment fusion and requires only one PCR step and one reaction for construction. Using this strategy, a gene disruption construct for Fusarium cyclin C1 (FCC1 ), which is associated with fumonisin B1 biosynthesis, was successfully created and used for fungal transformation. In vivo and in vitro experiments using confirmed fcc1 mutants suggest that fumonisin production is closely related to disease symptoms exhibited by F. fujikuroi strain B14. Taken together, this multi-fragment assembly method represents a simpler and a more convenient process for targeted gene disruption in fungi.	1
Title: Elucidation of gibberellin biosynthesis in bacteria reveals convergent evolution Abstract: Gibberellins (GAs) are crucial phytohormones involved in many aspects of plant growth and development, including plant-microbe interactions, which has led to GA production by plant-associated fungi and bacteria as well. While the GA biosynthetic pathways in plants and fungi have been elucidated and found to have arisen independently through convergent evolution, little has been uncovered about GA biosynthesis in bacteria. Some nitrogen-fixing, symbiotic, legume-associated rhizobia, including Bradyrhizobium japonicum-the symbiont of soybean-and Sinorhizobium fredii-a broad-host-nodulating species-contain a putative GA biosynthetic operon, or gene cluster. Through functional characterization of five unknown genes, we demonstrate that this operon encodes the enzymes necessary to produce GA9, thereby elucidating bacterial GA biosynthesis. The distinct nature of these enzymes indicates that bacteria have independently evolved a third biosynthetic pathway for GA production. Furthermore, our results also reveal a central biochemical logic that is followed in all three convergently evolved GA biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: Gibepyrone Biosynthesis in the Rice Pathogen Fusarium fujikuroi Is Facilitated by a Small Polyketide Synthase Gene Cluster Abstract: The 2H-pyran-2-one gibepyrone A and its oxidized derivatives gibepyrones B-F have been isolated from the rice pathogenic fungus Fusarium fujikuroi already more than 20 years ago. However, these products have not been linked to the respective biosynthetic genes, and therefore, their biosynthesis has not yet been analyzed on a molecular level. Feeding experiments with isotopically labeled precursors clearly supported a polyketide origin for the formal monoterpenoid gibepyrone A, whereas the terpenoid pathway could be excluded. Targeted gene deletion verified that the F. fujikuroi polyketide synthase PKS13, designated Gpy1, is responsible for gibepyrone A biosynthesis. Next to Gpy1, the ATP-binding cassette transporter Gpy2 is encoded by the gibepyrone gene cluster. Gpy2 was shown to have only a minor impact on the actual efflux of gibepyrone A out of the cell. Instead, we obtained evidence that Gpy2 is involved in gene regulation as it represses GPY1 gene expression. Thus, GPY1 was up-regulated and gibepyrone A production was enhanced both extra- and intracellularly in Δgpy2 mutants. Furthermore, expression of GPY genes is strictly repressed by members of the fungus-specific velvet complex, Vel1, Vel2, and Lae1, whereas Sge1, a major regulator of secondary metabolism in F. fujikuroi, affects gibepyrone biosynthesis in a positive manner. The gibepyrone A derivatives gibepyrones B and D were shown to be produced by cluster-independent P450 monooxygenases, probably to protect the fungus from the toxic product. In contrast, the formation of gibepyrones E and F from gibepyrone A is a spontaneous process and independent of enzymatic activity.	1
Title: Discovery of recombinases enables genome mining of cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters in Burkholderiales species Abstract: Bacterial genomes encode numerous cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) that represent a largely untapped source of drugs or pesticides. Mining of the cryptic products is limited by the unavailability of streamlined genetic tools in native producers. Precise genome engineering using bacteriophage recombinases is particularly useful for genome mining. However, recombinases are usually host-specific. The genome-guided discovery of novel recombinases and their transient expression could boost cryptic BGC mining. Herein, we reported a genetic system employing Red recombinases from Burkholderiales strain DSM 7029 for efficient genome engineering in several Burkholderiales species that currently lack effective genetic tools. Using specialized recombinases-assisted in situ insertion of functional promoters, we successfully mined five cryptic nonribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthase BGCs, two of which were silent. Two classes of lipopeptides, glidopeptins and rhizomides, were identified through extensive spectroscopic characterization. This recombinase expression strategy offers utility within other bacteria species, allowing bioprospecting for potentially scalable discovery of novel metabolites with attractive bioactivities.	1
Title: Cloning, heterologous expression, and characterization of the gene cluster required for gougerotin biosynthesis Abstract: Gougerotin, a peptidyl nucleoside antibiotic, possesses antitumor, antiviral, antibacterial, antimycoplasma, anthelmintic, and acaricidal activities. Here, we report the cloning of a complete gougerotin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces graminearus and heterologous production of gougerotin in Streptomyces coelicolor. Sequence analysis of a 28.7 kb DNA fragment indicated that the cluster consists of 25 open reading frames (ORFs). Gene disruption and genetic complementation experiments revealed that 15 of the 25 ORFs are required for gougerotin biosynthesis. A gougerotin biosynthetic pathway was proposed based on the analyses of bioinformatics and intermediates accumulated in selected gene inactivation mutants. These studies substantially promoted our understanding of gougerotin biosynthesis and provide "building blocks" for combinatorial biosynthesis using genes encoding different enzymes in nucleoside antibiotics.	1
Title: Discovery of the leinamycin family of natural products by mining actinobacterial genomes Abstract: Nature's ability to generate diverse natural products from simple building blocks has inspired combinatorial biosynthesis. The knowledge-based approach to combinatorial biosynthesis has allowed the production of designer analogs by rational metabolic pathway engineering. While successful, structural alterations are limited, with designer analogs often produced in compromised titers. The discovery-based approach to combinatorial biosynthesis complements the knowledge-based approach by exploring the vast combinatorial biosynthesis repertoire found in Nature. Here we showcase the discovery-based approach to combinatorial biosynthesis by targeting the domain of unknown function and cysteine lyase domain (DUF-SH) didomain, specific for sulfur incorporation from the leinamycin (LNM) biosynthetic machinery, to discover the LNM family of natural products. By mining bacterial genomes from public databases and the actinomycetes strain collection at The Scripps Research Institute, we discovered 49 potential producers that could be grouped into 18 distinct clades based on phylogenetic analysis of the DUF-SH didomains. Further analysis of the representative genomes from each of the clades identified 28 lnm-type gene clusters. Structural diversities encoded by the LNM-type biosynthetic machineries were predicted based on bioinformatics and confirmed by in vitro characterization of selected adenylation proteins and isolation and structural elucidation of the guangnanmycins and weishanmycins. These findings demonstrate the power of the discovery-based approach to combinatorial biosynthesis for natural product discovery and structural diversity and highlight Nature's rich biosynthetic repertoire. Comparative analysis of the LNM-type biosynthetic machineries provides outstanding opportunities to dissect Nature's biosynthetic strategies and apply these findings to combinatorial biosynthesis for natural product discovery and structural diversity.	1
Title: Hapalindole/Ambiguine Biogenesis Is Mediated by a Cope Rearrangement, C-C Bond-Forming Cascade Abstract: Hapalindoles are bioactive indole alkaloids with fascinating polycyclic ring systems whose biosynthetic assembly mechanism has remained unknown since their initial discovery in the 1980s. In this study, we describe the fam gene cluster from the cyanobacterium Fischerella ambigua UTEX 1903 encoding hapalindole and ambiguine biosynthesis along with the characterization of two aromatic prenyltransferases, FamD1 and FamD2, and a previously undescribed cyclase, FamC1. These studies demonstrate that FamD2 and FamC1 act in concert to form the tetracyclic core ring system of the hapalindoles from cis-indole isonitrile and geranyl pyrophosphate through a presumed biosynthetic Cope rearrangement and subsequent 6-exo-trig cyclization/electrophilic aromatic substitution reaction.	1
Title: Rearranged Biosynthetic Gene Cluster and Synthesis of Hassallidin E in Planktothrix serta PCC 8927 Abstract: Cyanobacteria produce a wide range of natural products with antifungal bioactivity. The cyclic glycosylated lipopeptides of the hassallidin family have potent antifungal activity and display a great degree of chemical diversity. Here, we report the discovery of a hassallidin biosynthetic gene cluster from the filamentous cyanobacterium Planktothrix serta PCC 8927. The hassallidin gene cluster showed heavy rearrangement and marks of genomic plasticity. Nucleotide bias, differences in GC content, and phylogenetic incongruence suggested the acquisition of the hassallidin biosynthetic gene cluster in Planktothrix serta PCC 8927 by horizontal gene transfer. Chemical analyses by liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry demonstrated that this strain produced hassallidin E, a new glycosylated hassallidin variant. Hassallidin E was the only structural variant produced by Planktothrix serta PCC 8927 in all tested conditions. Further evaluated on human pathogenic fungi, hassallidin E showed an antifungal bioactivity. Hassallidin production levels correlated with nitrogen availability, in the only nitrogen-fixing Planktothrix described so far. Our results provide insights into the distribution and chemical diversity of cyanobacterial antifungal compounds as well as raise questions on their ecological relevance.	1
Title: Comparative Profiling and Discovery of Novel Glycosylated Mycosporine-Like Amino Acids in Two Strains of the Cyanobacterium Scytonema cf. crispum Abstract: The mycosporine-like amino acids (MAAs) are a group of small molecules with a diverse ecological distribution among microorganisms. MAAs have a range of physiological functions, including protection against UV radiation, making them important from a biotechnological perspective. In the present study, we identified a putative MAA (mys) gene cluster in two New Zealand isolates of Scytonema cf. crispum (UCFS10 and UCFS15). Homology to "Anabaena-type" mys clusters suggested that this cluster was likely to be involved in shinorine biosynthesis. Surprisingly, high-performance liquid chromatography analysis of S cf. crispum cell extracts revealed a complex MAA profile, including shinorine, palythine-serine, and their hexose-bound variants. It was hypothesized that a short-chain dehydrogenase (UCFS15_00405) encoded by a gene adjacent to the S cf. crispum mys cluster was responsible for the conversion of shinorine to palythine-serine. Heterologous expression of MysABCE and UCFS15_00405 in Escherichia coli resulted in the exclusive production of the parent compound shinorine. Taken together, these results suggest that shinorine biosynthesis in S cf. crispum proceeds via an Anabaena-type mechanism and that the genes responsible for the production of other MAA analogues, including palythine-serine and glycosylated analogues, may be located elsewhere in the genome.                  Importance:                       Recently, New Zealand isolates of S cf. crispum were linked to the production of paralytic shellfish toxins for the first time, but no other natural products from this species have been reported. Thus, the species was screened for important natural product biosynthesis. The mycosporine-like amino acids (MAAs) are among the strongest absorbers of UV radiation produced in nature. The identification of novel MAAs is important from a biotechnology perspective, as these molecules are able to be utilized as sunscreens. This study has identified two novel MAAs that have provided several new avenues of future research related to MAA genetics and biosynthesis. Further, we have revealed that the genetic basis of MAA biosynthesis may not be clustered on the genome. The identification of the genes responsible for MAA biosynthesis is vital for future genetic engineering.	1
Title: Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for Himeic Acid A: A Ubiquitin-Activating Enzyme (E1) Inhibitor in Aspergillus japonicus MF275 Abstract: Himeic acid A, which is produced by the marine fungus Aspergillus japonicus MF275, is a specific inhibitor of the ubiquitin-activating enzyme E1 in the ubiquitin-proteasome system. To elucidate the mechanism of himeic acid biosynthesis, feeding experiments with labeled precursors have been performed. The long fatty acyl side chain attached to the pyrone ring is of polyketide origin, whereas the amide substituent is derived from leucine. These results suggest that a polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthase (PKS-NRPS) is involved in himeic acid biosynthesis. A candidate gene cluster was selected from the results of genome sequencing analysis. Disruption of the PKS-NRPS gene by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation confirms that HimA PKS-NRPS is involved in himeic acid biosynthesis. Thus, the him biosynthetic gene cluster for himeic acid in A. japonicus MF275 has been identified.	1
Title: Sesquiterpene Synthase-3-Hydroxy-3-Methylglutaryl Coenzyme A Synthase Fusion Protein Responsible for Hirsutene Biosynthesis in Stereum hirsutum Abstract: The wood-rotting mushroom Stereum hirsutum is a known producer of a large number of namesake hirsutenoids, many with important bioactivities. Hirsutenoids form a structurally diverse and distinct class of sesquiterpenoids. No genes involved in hirsutenoid biosynthesis have yet been identified or their enzymes characterized. Here, we describe the cloning and functional characterization of a hirsutene synthase as an unexpected fusion protein of a sesquiterpene synthase (STS) with a C-terminal 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA) synthase (HMGS) domain. Both the full-length fusion protein and truncated STS domain are highly product-specific 1,11-cyclizing STS enzymes with kinetic properties typical of STSs. Complementation studies in Saccharomyces cerevisiae confirmed that the HMGS domain is also functional in vivo Phylogenetic analysis shows that the hirsutene synthase domain does not form a clade with other previously characterized sesquiterpene synthases from Basidiomycota. Comparative gene structure analysis of this hirsutene synthase with characterized fungal enzymes reveals a significantly higher intron density, suggesting that this enzyme may be acquired by horizontal gene transfer. In contrast, the HMGS domain is clearly related to other fungal homologs. This STS-HMGS fusion protein is part of a biosynthetic gene cluster that includes P450s and oxidases that are expressed and could be cloned from cDNA. Finally, this unusual fusion of a terpene synthase to an HMGS domain, which is not generally recognized as a key regulatory enzyme of the mevalonate isoprenoid precursor pathway, led to the identification of additional HMGS duplications in many fungal genomes, including the localization of HMGSs in other predicted sesquiterpenoid biosynthetic gene clusters.IMPORTANCE Hirsutenoids represent a structurally diverse class of bioactive sesquiterpenoids isolated from fungi. Identification of their biosynthetic pathways will provide access to this chemodiversity for the discovery and synthesis of molecules with new bioactivities. The identification and successful cloning of the previously elusive hirsutene synthase from the S. hirsutum provide important insights and strategies for biosynthetic gene discovery in Basidiomycota. The finding of a terpene synthase-HMGS fusion, the discovery of other sesquiterpenoid biosynthetic gene clusters with dedicated HMGS genes, and HMGS gene duplications in fungal genomes give new importance to the role of HMGS as a key regulatory enzyme in isoprenoid and sterol biosynthesis that should be exploited for metabolic engineering.	1
Title: Genetic and biochemical characterization of hyicin 3682, the first bacteriocin reported for Staphylococcus hyicus Abstract: Hyicin 3682, the first bacteriocin reported for Staphylococcus hyicus, is a BsaCOL variant produced by S. hyicus 3682, a strain isolated from bovine milk. Hyicin 3682 is found in the culture supernatant, is bactericidal and its producing strain exhibits a much broader spectrum of antimicrobial activity than the producing strain of BsaCOL against several Gram-positive bacteria, which include foodborne pathogens, food-spoilage microorganisms and bacterial species of medical and veterinary importance. Sequencing of the genome of S. hyicus 3682 provided the nucleotide sequence of the entire gene cluster involved in hyicin 3682 production, which seems to be located on pRJ109, the single plasmid carried by this strain. This gene cluster is expressed and consists of 8525bp and of eight genes (hyiA, hyiB, hyiC, hyiD, hyiP, hyiF, hyiE and hyiG) encoded on the same DNA strand. The mature lantibiotic exhibits 91% identity to BsaCOL and its molecular mass was found to be ∼26Da higher due to two amino acid substitutions. S. hyicus 3682 proved to be only partially immune to its cognate bacteriocin up to 1024 AU/ml. Therefore, hyicin 3682, the first Bsa variant reported in coagulase-negative staphylococci, does exhibit antimicrobial and siblicidal activities.	1
Title: Discovery of Ibomycin, a Complex Macrolactone that Exerts Antifungal Activity by Impeding Endocytic Trafficking and Membrane Function Abstract: Natural products are invaluable historic sources of drugs for infectious diseases; however, the discovery of novel antimicrobial chemical scaffolds has waned in recent years. Concurrently, there is a pressing need for improved therapeutics to treat fungal infections. We employed a co-culture screen to identify ibomycin, a large polyketide macrolactone that has preferential killing activity against Cryptococcus neoformans. Using chemical and genome methods, we determined the structure of ibomycin and identified the biosynthetic cluster responsible for its synthesis. Chemogenomic profiling coupled with cell biological assays link ibomycin bioactivity to membrane function. The preferential activity of ibomycin toward C. neoformans is due to the ability of the compound to selectively permeate its cell wall. These results delineate a novel antifungal agent that is produced by one of the largest documented biosynthetic clusters to date and underscore the fact that there remains significant untapped chemical diversity of natural products with application in antimicrobial research.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of ilamycins featuring unusual building blocks and engineered production of enhanced anti-tuberculosis agents Abstract: Tuberculosis remains one of the world's deadliest communicable diseases, novel anti-tuberculosis agents are urgently needed due to severe drug resistance and the co-epidemic of tuberculosis/human immunodeficiency virus. Here, we show the isolation of six anti-mycobacterial ilamycin congeners (1-6) bearing rare L-3-nitro-tyrosine and L-2-amino-4-hexenoic acid structural units from the deep sea-derived Streptomyces atratus SCSIO ZH16. The biosynthesis of the rare L-3-nitrotyrosine and L-2-amino-4-hexenoic acid units as well as three pre-tailoring and two post-tailoring steps are probed in the ilamycin biosynthetic machinery through a series of gene inactivation, precursor chemical complementation, isotope-labeled precursor feeding experiments, as well as structural elucidation of three intermediates (6-8) from the respective mutants. Most impressively, ilamycins E1/E2, which are produced in high titers by a genetically engineered mutant strain, show very potent anti-tuberculosis activity with an minimum inhibitory concentration value ≈9.8 nM to Mycobacterium tuberculosis H37Rv constituting extremely potent and exciting anti-tuberculosis drug leads.Tuberculosis (TB) remains one of the world's deadliest communicable diseases, novel anti-TB agents are urgently needed due to severe drug resistance and the co-epidemic of TB/HIV. Here, the authors show that anti-mycobacterial ilamycin congeners bearing unusual structural units possess extremely potent anti-tuberculosis activities.	1
Title: Structure and Biosynthesis of Isatropolones, Bioactive Amine-Scavenging Fluorescent Natural Products from Streptomyces Gö66 Abstract: The natural products isatropolone A-C (1-3) were reisolated from Streptomyces Gö66, with 1 and 3 showing potent activity against Leishmania donovani. They contain a rare tropolone ring derived from a type II polyketide biosynthesis pathway. Their biosynthesis was elucidated by labeling experiments, analysis of the biosynthesis gene cluster, its partial heterologous expression, and structural characterization of various intermediates. Owing to their 1,5-diketone moiety, they can react with ammonia, amines, lysine, and lysine-containing peptides and proteins, which results in the formation of a covalent bond and subsequent pyridine ring formation. Their fluorescence properties change upon amine binding, enabling the simple visualization of reacted amines including proteins.	1
Title: Production of a Novel Amide-Containing Polyene by Activating a Cryptic Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Streptomyces sp. MSC090213JE08 Abstract: Streptomyces sp. MSC090213JE08 seems to have more than 20 cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters for secondary metabolites. We aimed to activate some of them by forced production of Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory protein (SARP) family transcriptional activators. We constructed seven recombinant strains, each of which contained a SARP gene under the control of a constitutive promoter, and subjected them to comparative metabolic profiling analysis. Four of the seven strains produced nine metabolites that were hardly detected in the control strains. We isolated a new metabolite (named ishigamide) from the SARP-7-expressing strain and determined its structure as 3-((2E,4E,6E,8E)-13-hydroxytetradeca-2,4,6,8-tetraenamido)propanoic acid. Genome scanning and gene disruption studies identified the ishigamide biosynthetic gene cluster adjacent to the SARP-7 gene. We think that a new subfamily of type II polyketide synthase is involved in the biosynthesis of the polyene structure of ishigamide.	1
Title: Characterization of a Prenyltransferase for Iso-A82775C Biosynthesis and Generation of New Congeners of Chloropestolides Abstract: Chloropupukeananin and chloropestolides are novel metabolites of the plant endophyte Pestalotiopsis fici, showing antimicrobial, antitumor, and anti-HIV activities. Their highly complex and unique skeletons were generated from the coisolated pestheic acid (1) and iso-A82775C (10) based on our previous studies. Here, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster iac of 10 and characterized an iacE encoded prenyltransferase. Deletion of iacE abolished iso-A82775C production, accumulated the prenyl group-lacking siccayne (2), and generated four new chloropestolides (3-6). Compounds 5 and 6 showed antibacterial effects against Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis, and 5 was also cytotoxic to human tumor cell lines HeLa, MCF-7, and SW480. These results provided the first genetic and biochemical insights into the biosynthesis of natural prenylepoxycyclohexanes and demonstrated the feasibility for generation of diversified congeners by manipulating the biosynthetic genes of 10.	1
Title: New isofuranonaphthoquinones and isoindolequinones from Streptomyces sp. CB01883 Abstract: Isofuranonaphthoquinones (IFQs) and Isoindolequinones (IIQs) comprise a small family of natural products, with the latter ones are especially uncommon in nature. Here we report the discovery of seven new IFQs, IFQ A-G (1-7), and three new IIQs, IIQ A-C (8-10), along with the known anthraquinone desoxyerythrolaccin (11), from Streptomyces sp. CB01883, expanding the chemical diversity of this family of natural products. The structures of these natural products were established on the basis of their HR-ESI-MS and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopic data. All compounds were assessed for antibacterial activity, with 11 and 1, 5-7 exhibiting moderate and weak activities, respectively, against several Gram-positive bacteria tested. Bioinformatics analysis of the Streptomyces sp. CB01883 genome revealed the ifq gene cluster that showed identical genetic organization, with high-sequence identity, to the ifn gene cluster recently cloned from Streptomyces sp. RI-77 and confirmed to encode the biosynthesis of two IFQs, JBIR-76 and JBIR-77. Co-isolation of IFQs with IIQs from Streptomyces sp. CB01883 and facile chemical transformation of selected IFQs to IIQs, as exemplified by 1 to 9, together with the finding of the ifq cluster that most likely only encodes IFQ biosynthesis, support the proposal that IIQs may be derived nonenzymatically from IFQs in the presence of an amine.	1
Title: Producing Novel Fibrinolytic Isoindolinone Derivatives in Marine Fungus Stachybotrys longispora FG216 by the Rational Supply of Amino Compounds According to Its Biosynthesis Pathway Abstract: Many fungi in the Stachybotrys genus can produce various isoindolinone derivatives. These compounds are formed by a spontaneous reaction between a phthalic aldehyde precursor and an ammonium ion or amino compounds. In this study, we suggested the isoindolinone biosynthetic gene cluster in Stachybotrys by genome mining based on three reported core genes. Remarkably, there is an additional nitrate reductase (NR) gene copy in the proposed cluster. NR is the rate-limiting enzyme of nitrate reduction. Accordingly, this cluster was speculated to play a role in the balance of ammonium ion concentration in Stachybotrys. Ammonium ions can be replaced by different amino compounds to create structural diversity in the biosynthetic process of isoindolinone. We tested a rational supply of amino compounds ((±)-3-amino-2-piperidinone, glycine, and l-threonine) in the culture of an isoindolinone high-producing marine fungus, Stachybotrys longispora FG216. As a result, we obtained four new kinds of isoindolinone derivatives (FGFC4-GFC7) by this method. Furthermore, high yields of FGFC4-FGFC7 confirmed the outstanding production capacity of FG216. Among the four new isoindolinone derivatives, FGFC6 and FGFC7 showed promising fibrinolytic activities. The knowledge of biosynthesis pathways may be an important attribute for the discovery of novel bioactive marine natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of isonitrile lipopeptides by conserved nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters in Actinobacteria Abstract: A putative lipopeptide biosynthetic gene cluster is conserved in many species of Actinobacteria, including Mycobacterium tuberculosis and M. marinum, but the specific function of the encoding proteins has been elusive. Using both in vivo heterologous reconstitution and in vitro biochemical analyses, we have revealed that the five encoding biosynthetic enzymes are capable of synthesizing a family of isonitrile lipopeptides (INLPs) through a thio-template mechanism. The biosynthesis features the generation of isonitrile from a single precursor Gly promoted by a thioesterase and a nonheme iron(II)-dependent oxidase homolog and the acylation of both amino groups of Lys by the same isonitrile acyl chain facilitated by a single condensation domain of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase. In addition, the deletion of INLP biosynthetic genes in M. marinum has decreased the intracellular metal concentration, suggesting the role of this biosynthetic gene cluster in metal transport.	1
Title: N-Phenylacetylation and Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetases with Substrate Promiscuity for Biosynthesis of Heptapeptide Variants, JBIR-78 and JBIR-95 Abstract: JBIR-78 (1) and JBIR-95 (2), both of which are heptapeptide derivatives isolated from Kibdelosporangium sp. AK-AA56, have the same amino acid sequences except for the second amino acid: phenylacetic acid (Paa)-l-Val-d-Asp (1)/d-cysteic acid (2)-l-Ala-(3S)-3-hydroxy-d-Leu-Gly-d-Ala-l-Phe. Heterologous expression of the biosynthetic gene cluster including genes encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) and in vitro assays with recombinant Orf3, an l-cysteic acid synthase homologue, suggested the single A domain in module 2 activates both l-Asp and l-cysteic acid to yield 1 and 2, respectively, although the substrate specificities of the A domains of NRPSs are usually strict. Biosynthetic mechanism of introduction of N-terminal Paa was also investigated. Recombinant Orf1 and Orf2 similar to subunits of pyruvate dehydrogenase complex catalyzed the conversion of phenylpyruvate into phenylacetyl-CoA together with dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase whose encoding gene is located outside of the gene cluster. Moreover, we showed that phenylacetyl-CoA was directly condensed with l-Val, which was tethered to a peptidyl carrier protein, at the first condensation domain in the NRPS.	1
Title: Metagenomic Analysis of the Sponge Discodermia Reveals the Production of the Cyanobacterial Natural Product Kasumigamide by 'Entotheonella' Abstract: Sponge metagenomes are a useful platform to mine cryptic biosynthetic gene clusters responsible for production of natural products involved in the sponge-microbe association. Since numerous sponge-derived bioactive metabolites are biosynthesized by the symbiotic bacteria, this strategy may concurrently reveal sponge-symbiont produced compounds. Accordingly, a metagenomic analysis of the Japanese marine sponge Discodermia calyx has resulted in the identification of a hybrid type I polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene (kas). Bioinformatic analysis of the gene product suggested its involvement in the biosynthesis of kasumigamide, a tetrapeptide originally isolated from freshwater free-living cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa NIES-87. Subsequent investigation of the sponge metabolic profile revealed the presence of kasumigamide in the sponge extract. The kasumigamide producing bacterium was identified as an 'Entotheonella' sp. Moreover, an in silico analysis of kas gene homologs uncovered the presence of kas family genes in two additional bacteria from different phyla. The production of kasumigamide by distantly related multiple bacterial strains implicates horizontal gene transfer and raises the potential for a wider distribution across other bacterial groups.	1
Title: A Unique Tryptophan C-Prenyltransferase from the Kawaguchipeptin Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: Cyanobactins are a rapidly growing family of linear and cyclic peptides produced by cyanobacteria. Kawaguchipeptins A and B, two macrocyclic undecapeptides reported earlier from Microcystis aeruginosa NIES-88, are shown to be products of the cyanobactin biosynthetic pathway. The 9 kb kawaguchipeptin (kgp) gene cluster was identified in a 5.26 Mb draft genome of Microcystis aeruginosa NIES-88. We verified that this gene cluster is responsible for the production of the kawaguchipeptins through heterologous expression of the kgp gene cluster in Escherichia coli. The KgpF prenyltransferase was overexpressed and was shown to prenylate C-3 of Trp residues in both linear and cyclic peptides in vitro. Our findings serve to further enhance the structural diversity of cyanobactins to include tryptophan-prenylated cyclic peptides.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Carbonylmethylene Structure Found in the Ketomemicin Class of Pseudotripeptides Abstract: We recently discovered novel pseudotripeptides, the ketomemicins, which possess a C-terminal pseudodipeptide connected with a carbonylmethylene instead of an amide bond, through heterologous expression of gene clusters identified in actinobacteria. The carbonylmethylene structure is a stable isostere of the amide bond and its biological significance has been shown in several natural and synthetic products. Despite the biological importance of these compounds, little is known about how the carbonylmethylene structure is biosynthesized. In this work, we fully characterized the biosynthetic machinery of the pseudodipeptide. An aldolase, dehydratase, PLP-dependent glycine-C-acetyltransferase, and dehydrogenase were involved in the formation of the pseudodipeptide, with malonyl-CoA and phenylpyruvate as starter substrates.	1
Title: Nonomuraea sp. ATCC 55076 harbours the largest actinomycete chromosome to date and the kistamicin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Glycopeptide antibiotics (GPAs) have served as potent clinical drugs and as an inspiration to chemists in various disciplines. Among known GPAs, complestatin, chloropeptin, and kistamicin are unique in that they contain an unusual indole-phenol crosslink. The mechanism of formation of this linkage is unknown, and to date, the biosynthetic gene cluster of only one GPA with an indole-phenol crosslink, that of complestatin, has been identified. Here, we report the genome sequence of the kistamicin producer Nonomuraea sp. ATCC 55076. We find that this strain harbours the largest actinobacterial chromosome to date, consisting of a single linear chromosome of ∼13.1 Mbp. AntiSMASH analysis shows that ∼32 biosynthetic gene clusters and ∼10% of the genome are devoted to production of secondary metabolites, which include 1,6-dihydroxyphenazine and nomuricin, a new anthraquinone-type pentacyclic compound that we report herein. The kistamicin gene cluster (kis) was identified bioinformatically. A unique feature of kis is that it contains two cytochrome P450 enzymes, which likely catalyze three crosslinking reactions. These findings set the stage for examining the biosynthesis of kistamicin and its unusual indole-phenol crosslink in the future.	1
Title: Heterologous Production of a Novel Cyclic Peptide Compound, KK-1, in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: A novel cyclic peptide compound, KK-1, was originally isolated from the plant-pathogenic fungus Curvularia clavata. It consists of 10 amino acid residues, including five N-methylated amino acid residues, and has potent antifungal activity. Recently, the genome-sequencing analysis of C. clavata was completed, and the biosynthetic genes involved in KK-1 production were predicted by using a novel gene cluster mining tool, MIDDAS-M. These genes form an approximately 75-kb cluster, which includes nine open reading frames, containing a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene. To determine whether the predicted genes were responsible for the biosynthesis of KK-1, we performed heterologous production of KK-1 in Aspergillus oryzae by introduction of the cluster genes into the genome of A. oryzae. The NRPS gene was split in two fragments and then reconstructed in the A. oryzae genome, because the gene was quite large (approximately 40 kb). The remaining seven genes in the cluster, excluding the regulatory gene kkR, were simultaneously introduced into the strain of A. oryzae in which NRPS had already been incorporated. To evaluate the heterologous production of KK-1 in A. oryzae, gene expression was analyzed by RT-PCR and KK-1 productivity was quantified by HPLC. KK-1 was produced in variable quantities by a number of transformed strains, along with expression of the cluster genes. The amount of KK-1 produced by the strain with the greatest expression of all genes was lower than that produced by the original producer, C. clavata. Therefore, expression of the cluster genes is necessary and sufficient for the heterologous production of KK-1 in A. oryzae, although there may be unknown factors limiting productivity in this species.	1
Title: Klebsazolicin inhibits 70S ribosome by obstructing the peptide exit tunnel Abstract: Whereas screening of the small-molecule metabolites produced by most cultivatable microorganisms often results in the rediscovery of known compounds, genome-mining programs allow researchers to harness much greater chemical diversity, and result in the discovery of new molecular scaffolds. Here we report the genome-guided identification of a new antibiotic, klebsazolicin (KLB), from Klebsiella pneumoniae that inhibits the growth of sensitive cells by targeting ribosomes. A ribosomally synthesized post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP), KLB is characterized by the presence of a unique N-terminal amidine ring that is essential for its activity. Biochemical in vitro studies indicate that KLB inhibits ribosomes by interfering with translation elongation. Structural analysis of the ribosome-KLB complex showed that the compound binds in the peptide exit tunnel overlapping with the binding sites of macrolides or streptogramin-B. KLB adopts a compact conformation and largely obstructs the tunnel. Engineered KLB fragments were observed to retain in vitro activity, and thus have the potential to serve as a starting point for the development of new bioactive compounds.	1
Title: Identification and heterologous expression of the kocurin biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: The antibiotically bioactive thiopeptide compound kocurin was identified in extracts from a newly isolated Kocuria rosea strain. The axenic strain was retrieved from a soil sample of the intertidal area at the Paracas National Park, Peru. The genetic basis of this promising natural product with activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) strains was revealed by comparative genome analysis of this new isolate and other reported thiopeptide producer strains. The functionality of the predicted gene locus was experimentally proven by heterologous expression in Streptomyces coelicolor M1146. Expression of the gene cluster under the control of a constitutive promoter enabled the transgenic strain to produce kocurin in selected media. The kocurin biosynthetic gene cluster comprises nine open reading frames and spans around 12 kbp of the genome.	1
Title: Structure Elucidation and Activity of Kolossin A, the D-/L-Pentadecapeptide Product of a Giant Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Abstract: The largest continuous bacterial nonribosomal peptide synthetase discovered so far is described. It consists of 15 consecutive modules arising from an uninterrupted, fully functional gene in the entomopathogenic bacterium Photorhabdus luminescens. The identification of its cryptic biosynthesis product was achieved by using a combination of genome analysis, promoter exchange, isotopic labeling experiments, and total synthesis of a focused collection of peptide candidates. Although it belongs to the growing class of D-/ L-peptide natural products, the encoded metabolite kolossin A was found to be largely devoid of antibiotic activity and is likely involved in interspecies communication. A stereoisomer of this peculiar natural product displayed high activity against Trypanosoma brucei rhodesiense, a recalcitrant parasite that causes the deadly disease African sleeping sickness.	1
Title: Genome-Based Identification of a Plant-Associated Marine Bacterium as a Rich Natural Product Source Abstract: The large number of sequenced bacterial genomes provides the opportunity to bioinformatically identify rich natural product sources among previously neglected microbial groups. Testing this discovery strategy, unusually high biosynthetic potential was suggested for the Oceanospirillales member Gynuella sunshinyii, a Gram-negative marine bacterium from the rhizosphere of the halophilic plant Carex scabrifolia. Its genome contains numerous unusual biosynthetic gene clusters for diverse types of metabolites. Genome-guided isolation yielded representatives of four different natural product classes, of which only alteramide A was known. Cytotoxic lacunalides were identified as products of a giant trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthase gene cluster, one of six present in this strain. Cytological profiling against HeLa cells suggested that lacunalide A disrupts CDK signaling in the cell cycle. In addition, chemical studies on model compounds were conducted, suggesting the structurally unusual ergoynes as products of a conjugated diyne-thiourea cyclization reaction.	1
Title: An antifungal polyketide associated with horizontally acquired genes supports symbiont-mediated defense in Lagria villosa beetles Abstract: Microbial symbionts are often a source of chemical novelty and can contribute to host defense against antagonists. However, the ecological relevance of chemical mediators remains unclear for most systems. Lagria beetles live in symbiosis with multiple strains of Burkholderia bacteria that protect their offspring against pathogens. Here, we describe the antifungal polyketide lagriamide, and provide evidence supporting that it is produced by an uncultured symbiont, Burkholderia gladioli Lv-StB, which is dominant in field-collected Lagria villosa. Interestingly, lagriamide is structurally similar to bistramides, defensive compounds found in marine tunicates. We identify a gene cluster that is probably involved in lagriamide biosynthesis, provide evidence for horizontal acquisition of these genes, and show that the naturally occurring symbiont strains on the egg are protective in the soil environment. Our findings highlight the potential of microbial symbionts and horizontal gene transfer as influential sources of ecological innovation.	1
Title: New natural products identified by combined genomics-metabolomics profiling of marine Streptomyces sp. MP131-18 Abstract: Marine actinobacteria are drawing more and more attention as a promising source of new natural products. Here we report isolation, genome sequencing and metabolic profiling of new strain Streptomyces sp. MP131-18 isolated from marine sediment sample collected in the Trondheim Fjord, Norway. The 16S rRNA and multilocus phylogenetic analysis showed that MP131-18 belongs to the genus Streptomyces. The genome of MP131-18 isolate was sequenced, and 36 gene clusters involved in the biosynthesis of 18 different types of secondary metabolites were predicted using antiSMASH analysis. The combined genomics-metabolics profiling of the strain led to the identification of several new biologically active compounds. As a result, the family of bisindole pyrroles spiroindimicins was extended with two new members, spiroindimicins E and F. Furthermore, prediction of the biosynthetic pathway for unusual α-pyrone lagunapyrone isolated from MP131-18 resulted in foresight and identification of two new compounds of this family - lagunapyrones D and E. The diversity of identified and predicted compounds from Streptomyces sp. MP131-18 demonstrates that marine-derived actinomycetes are not only a promising source of new natural products, but also represent a valuable pool of genes for combinatorial biosynthesis of secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Discovery of a new diol-containing polyketide by heterologous expression of a silent biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces lavendulae FRI-5 Abstract: The genome of streptomycetes has the ability to produce many novel and potentially useful bioactive compounds, but most of which are not produced under standard laboratory cultivation conditions and are referred to as silent/cryptic secondary metabolites. Streptomyces lavendulae FRI-5 produces several types of bioactive compounds. However, this strain may also have the potential to biosynthesize more useful secondary metabolites. Here, we activated a silent biosynthetic gene cluster of an uncharacterized compound from S. lavendulae FRI-5 using heterologous expression. The engineered strain carrying the silent gene cluster produced compound 5, which was undetectable in the culture broth of S. lavendulae FRI-5. Using various spectroscopic analyses, we elucidated the chemical structure of compound 5 (named lavendiol) as a new diol-containing polyketide. The proposed assembly line of lavendiol shows a unique biosynthetic mechanism for polyketide compounds. The results of this study suggest the possibility of discovering more silent useful compounds from streptomycetes by genome mining and heterologous expression.	1
Title: Activation of a Cryptic Gene Cluster in Lysobacter enzymogenes Reveals a Module/Domain Portable Mechanism of Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetases in the Biosynthesis of Pyrrolopyrazines Abstract: Lysobacter are considered "peptide specialists". However, many of the nonribosomal peptide synthetase genes are silent. Three new compounds were identified from L. enzymogenes upon activating the six-module-containing led cluster by the strong promoter PHSAF. Although ledD was the first gene under PHSAF control, the second gene ledE was expressed the highest. Targeted gene inactivation showed that the two-module LedE and the one-module LedF were selectively used in pyrrolopyrazine biosynthesis, revealing a module/domain portable mechanism.	1
Title: Tannerella forsythia strains display different cell-surface nonulosonic acids: biosynthetic pathway characterization and first insight into biological implications Abstract: Tannerella forsythia is an anaerobic, Gram-negative periodontal pathogen. A unique O-linked oligosaccharide decorates the bacterium's cell surface proteins and was shown to modulate the host immune response. In our study, we investigated the biosynthesis of the nonulosonic acid (NulO) present at the terminal position of this glycan. A bioinformatic analysis of T. forsythia genomes revealed a gene locus for the synthesis of pseudaminic acid (Pse) in the type strain ATCC 43037 while strains FDC 92A2 and UB4 possess a locus for the synthesis of legionaminic acid (Leg) instead. In contrast to the NulO in ATCC 43037, which has been previously identified as a Pse derivative (5-N-acetimidoyl-7-N-glyceroyl-3,5,7,9-tetradeoxy-l-glycero-l-manno-NulO), glycan analysis of strain UB4 performed in this study indicated a 350-Da, possibly N-glycolyl Leg (3,5,7,9-tetradeoxy-d-glycero-d-galacto-NulO) derivative with unknown C5,7 N-acyl moieties. We have expressed, purified and characterized enzymes of both NulO pathways to confirm these genes' functions. Using capillary electrophoresis (CE), CE-mass spectrometry and NMR spectroscopy, our studies revealed that Pse biosynthesis in ATCC 43037 essentially follows the UDP-sugar route described in Helicobacter pylori, while the pathway in strain FDC 92A2 corresponds to Leg biosynthesis in Campylobacter jejuni involving GDP-sugar intermediates. To demonstrate that the NulO biosynthesis enzymes are functional in vivo, we created knockout mutants resulting in glycans lacking the respective NulO. Compared to the wild-type strains, the mutants exhibited significantly reduced biofilm formation on mucin-coated surfaces, suggestive of their involvement in host-pathogen interactions or host survival. This study contributes to understanding possible biological roles of bacterial NulOs.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and incorporation of an alkylproline-derivative (APD) precursor into complex natural products Abstract: Covering: up to 2017This review covers the biosynthetic and evolutionary aspects of lincosamide antibiotics, antitumour pyrrolobenzodiazepines (PBDs) and the quorum-sensing molecule hormaomycin. These structurally and functionally diverse groups of complex natural products all incorporate rarely occurring 4-alkyl-l-proline derivatives (APDs) biosynthesized from l-tyrosine through an unusual specialized pathway catalysed by a common set of six proteins named Apd1-Apd6. We give an overview of APD formation, which involves unusual enzyme activities, and its incorporation, which is based either on nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PBDs, hormaomycin) or a unique hybrid ergothioneine-dependent condensation system followed by mycothiol-dependent sulphur atom incorporation (lincosamides). Furthermore, within the public databases, we identified 36 novel unannotated biosynthetic gene clusters that putatively encode the biosynthesis of APD compounds. Their products presumably include novel PBDs, but also novel classes of APD compounds, indicating an unprecedented potential for the diversity enhancement of these functionally versatile complex metabolites. In addition, phylogenetic analysis of known and novel gene clusters for the biosynthesis of APD compounds allowed us to infer novel evolutionary hypotheses: Apd3 methyltransferase originates from a duplication event in a hormaomycin biosynthetic gene cluster ancestor, while putative Apd5 isomerase is evolutionarily linked to PhzF protein from the biosynthesis of phenazines. Lastly, we summarize the achievements in preparing hybrid APD compounds by directing their biosynthesis, and we propose that the number of nature-like APD compounds could by multiplied by replacing l-proline residues in various groups of complex metabolites with APD, i.e. by imitating the natural process that occurs with lincosamides and PBDs, in which the replacement of l-proline for APD has proved to be an evolutionary successful concept.	1
Title: The Biosynthesis of Lipooligosaccharide from Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron Abstract: Lipopolysaccharide (LPS), a cell-associated glycolipid that makes up the outer leaflet of the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria, is a canonical mediator of microbe-host interactions. The most prevalent Gram-negative gut bacterial taxon, Bacteroides, makes up around 50% of the cells in a typical Western gut; these cells harbor ~300 mg of LPS, making it one of the highest-abundance molecules in the intestine. As a starting point for understanding the biological function of Bacteroides LPS, we have identified genes in Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron VPI 5482 involved in the biosynthesis of its lipid A core and glycan, generated mutants that elaborate altered forms of LPS, and used matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometry to interrogate the molecular features of these variants. We demonstrate, inter alia, that the glycan does not appear to have a repeating unit, and so this strain produces lipooligosaccharide (LOS) rather than LPS. This result contrasts with Bacteroides vulgatus ATCC 8482, which by SDS-PAGE analysis appears to produce LPS with a repeating unit. Additionally, our identification of the B. thetaiotaomicron LOS oligosaccharide gene cluster allowed us to identify similar clusters in other Bacteroides species. Our work lays the foundation for developing a structure-function relationship for Bacteroides LPS/LOS in the context of host colonization.IMPORTANCE Much is known about the bacterial species and genes that make up the human microbiome, but remarkably little is known about the molecular mechanisms through which the microbiota influences host biology. A well-known mechanism by which bacteria influence the host centers around lipopolysaccharide (LPS), a component of the Gram-negative bacterial outer membrane. Pathogen-derived LPS is a potent ligand for host receptor Toll-like receptor 4, which plays an important role in sensing bacteria as part of the innate immune response. Puzzlingly, the most common genus of human gut bacteria, Bacteroides, produces LPS but does not elicit a potent proinflammatory response. Previous work showing that Bacteroides LPS differs structurally from pathogen-derived LPS suggested the outlines of an explanation. Here, we take the next step, elucidating the biosynthetic pathway for Bacteroides LPS and generating mutants in the process that will be of great use in understanding how this molecule modulates the host immune response.	1
Title: Metabolic and evolutionary origin of actin-binding polyketides from diverse organisms Abstract: Actin-targeting macrolides comprise a large, structurally diverse group of cytotoxins isolated from remarkably dissimilar micro- and macroorganisms. In spite of their disparate origins and structures, many of these compounds bind actin at the same site and exhibit structural relationships reminiscent of modular, combinatorial drug libraries. Here we investigate biosynthesis and evolution of three compound groups: misakinolides, scytophycin-type compounds and luminaolides. For misakinolides from the sponge Theonella swinhoei WA, our data suggest production by an uncultivated 'Entotheonella' symbiont, further supporting the relevance of these bacteria as sources of bioactive polyketides and peptides in sponges. Insights into misakinolide biosynthesis permitted targeted genome mining for other members, providing a cyanobacterial luminaolide producer as the first cultivated source for this dimeric compound family. The data indicate that this polyketide family is bacteria-derived and that the unusual macrolide diversity is the result of combinatorial pathway modularity for some compounds and of convergent evolution for others.	1
Title: Macrotermycins A-D, Glycosylated Macrolactams from a Termite-Associated Amycolatopsis sp. M39 Abstract: Bioassay-guided metabolomic analyses led to the characterization of four new 20-membered glycosylated polyketide macrolactams, macrotermycins A-D, from a termite-associated actinomycete, Amycolatopsis sp. M39. M39's sequenced genome revealed the macrotermycin's putative biosynthetic gene cluster. Macrotermycins A and C had antibacterial activity against human-pathogenic Staphylococcus aureus and, of greater ecological relevance, they also had selective antifungal activity against a fungal parasite of the termite fungal garden.	1
Title: Mathermycin, a Lantibiotic from the Marine Actinomycete Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652 Abstract: Lantibiotics are antimicrobial peptides belonging to the family of ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides (RiPPs) and feature thioether linkages in their structures. In this study, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster of a cinnamycin analog, named mathermycin, from Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652 and reconstituted its biosynthesis in Streptomyces lividans and Escherichia coli Key posttranslational modification enzymes of mathermycin were characterized. Mathermycin exhibited antimicrobial activity and therefore represents an example of cinnamycin-like lantibiotics from Marinactinospora species.IMPORTANCE The discovery of new antimicrobial compounds that can be used as potential drugs is in urgent need due to increasing bacterial resistance to current antibiotics. Lantibiotics are important antimicrobial compounds that have found applications in both the clinic setting and food industry. We report here the discovery of a new lantibiotic, mathermycin, from a marine-derived Marinactinospora thermotolerans strain and elucidation of its biosynthesis. We also demonstrate that mathermycin possesses antimicrobial activity toward a Bacillus strain.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of mayamycin B, a new polyketide with antibacterial activity from Streptomyces sp. 120454 Abstract: Mayamycin B, a new antibacterial type II polyketide, together with its known congener mayamycin A, were isolated from Streptomyces sp. 120454. The structure of new compound was elucidated by extensive spectroscopic analysis and comparison with literature data. Sequencing and bioinformatics analysis revealed the biosynthetic gene cluster for mayamycins A and B.	1
Title: Genomic-driven discovery of an amidinohydrolase involved in the biosynthesis of mediomycin A Abstract: Clethramycin (1) and mediomycin A (2) belong to the linear polyene polyketide (LPP) family of antibiotics that exhibit potent antifungal activity. Structural similarities exist between 1 and 2, except that 2 contains an amino moiety substituted for the guanidino moiety. Herein, the draft genome sequence of Streptomyces mediocidicus ATCC23936, a strain which produces both 1 and 2, was obtained through de novo sequencing. Bioinformatic analysis of the genome revealed a clethramycin (cle) gene cluster that contained 25 open reading frames (orfs). However, amidinohydrolase for 2 formation was not found in the cle gene cluster. Further genomic analysis revealed an amidinohydrolase MedX, which can hydrolyse the guanidino form (1) into the amino form (2) via heterologous co-expression of the cle cluster in Streptomyces lividans or by in vitro catalysis. These results also suggest the feasibility of engineering novel LPPs for drug discovery by manipulating the biosynthetic machinery of S. mediocidicus.	1
Title: Merocyclophanes C and D from the Cultured Freshwater Cyanobacterium Nostoc sp. (UIC 10110) Abstract: Merocyclophanes C and D (1 and 2) were isolated from the cell extract of the cultured cyanobacterium UIC 10110. The structures were determined by one-dimensional nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and high-resolution electrospray ionization mass spectrometry and confirmed by 2D NMR techniques. The absolute configurations were determined using electronic circular dichroism spectroscopy. Merocyclophanes C and D represent the first known analogues of the merocyclophane core structure, a recently discovered scaffold of [7,7] paracyclophanes characterized by an α-branched methyl at C-1/C-14; 1 and 2 showed antiproliferative activity against the MDA-MB-435 cell line with IC50 values of 1.6 and 0.9 μM, respectively. Partial 16S analysis determined UIC 10110 to be a Nostoc sp., and it was found to clade with UIC 10062 Nostoc sp., the only other strain known to produce merocyclophanes. The genome of UIC 10110 was sequenced, and a biosynthetic gene cluster was identified that is proposed to encode type I and type III polyketide synthases that are potentially responsible for production of the merocyclophanes; however, further experiments will be required to verify the true function of the gene cluster. The gene cluster provides a genetic basis for the observed structural differences of the [7,7] paracyclophane core structures.	1
Title: Cyanobacterial ent-Sterol-Like Natural Products from a Deviated Ubiquinone Pathway Abstract: Natural products from marine animals show high potential for the development of new medicines, but drug development based on these compounds is commonly hampered by their low natural abundance. Since many of these metabolites are suspected or known to be produced by uncultivated bacterial symbionts, the rapidly growing diversity of sequenced prokaryotic genomes offers the opportunity to identify alternative, culturable sources of natural products computationally. In this work, we investigated the potential of using this sequenced resource to facilitate the production of meroterpenoid-like compounds related to those from marine sources. This genome-mining strategy revealed a biosynthetic gene cluster for highly modified cytotoxic meroterpenoids related to pelorol and other compounds isolated from sponges. Functional characterization of the terpene cyclase MstE showed that it generates an ent-sterol-like skeleton fused to an aryl moiety from an open-chain precursor and is therefore a promising tool for the chemoenzymatic preparation of synthetically challenging chemical scaffolds.	1
Title: Novel Type III Polyketide Synthases Biosynthesize Methylated Polyketides in Mycobacterium marinum Abstract: Mycobacterial pathogenesis is hallmarked by lipidic polyketides that decorate the cell envelope and mediate infection. However, factors mediating persistence remain largely unknown. Dynamic cell wall remodeling could facilitate the different pathogenic phases. Recent studies have implicated type III polyketide synthases (PKSs) in cell wall alterations in several bacteria. Comparative genome analysis revealed several type III pks gene clusters in mycobacteria. In this study, we report the functional characterization of two novel type III PKSs, MMAR_2470 and MMAR_2474, in Mycobacterium marinum. These type III pkss belong to a unique pks genomic cluster conserved exclusively in pathogenic mycobacteria. Cell-free reconstitution assays and high-resolution mass spectrometric analyses revealed methylated polyketide products in independent reactions of both proteins. MMAR_2474 protein exceptionally biosynthesized methylated alkyl-resorcinol and methylated acyl-phloroglucinol products from the same catalytic core. Structure-based homology modeling, product docking, and mutational studies identified residues that could facilitate the distinctive catalysis of these proteins. Functional investigations in heterologous mycobacterial strain implicated MMAR_2474 protein to be vital for mycobacterial survival in stationary biofilms. Our investigations provide new insights into type III PKSs conserved in pathogenic mycobacterial species.	1
Title: Pentaketide Ansamycin Microansamycins A-I from Micromonospora sp. Reveal Diverse Post-PKS Modifications Abstract: Overexpression of the pathway-specific positive regulator gene mas13 activated the cryptic gene cluster mas, resulting in the isolation of nine novel pentaketide ansamycins, namely, microansamycins A-I (1-9). These results not only revealed a biosynthetic gene cluster of pentaketide ansamycins for the first time but also presented an unprecedented scenario of diverse post-PKS modifications in ansamycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of microcystin hepatotoxins in the cyanobacterial genus Fischerella Abstract: Microcystins (MCs) are serine/threonine phosphatase inhibitors synthesized by several members of the phylum Cyanobacteria. Mining the draft genome sequence of the nostocalean MC-producing Fischerella sp. strain CENA161 led to the identification of three contigs containing mcy genes. Subsequent PCR and Sanger sequencing allowed the assembling of its complete biosynthetic mcy gene cluster with 55,016 bases in length. The cluster encoding ten genes (mcyA-J) with a central bidirectional promoter was organized in a similar manner as found in other genera of nostocalean cyanobacteria. However, the nucleotide sequence of the mcy gene cluster of Fischerella sp. CENA161 showed significant differences from all the other MC-producing cyanobacterial genera, sharing only 85.2 to 74.1% identities. Potential MC variants produced by Fischerella sp. CENA161 were predicted by the analysis of the adenylation domain binding pockets and further investigated by LC-MS/MS analysis. To our knowledge, this study presents the first complete mcy cluster characterization from a strain of the genus Fischerella, providing new insight into the distribution and evolution of MCs in the phylum Cyanobacteria.	1
Title: Molecular genetic analysis reveals that a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) gene in Aspergillus nidulans is responsible for microperfuranone biosynthesis Abstract: Genome sequencing of Aspergillus species including Aspergillus nidulans has revealed that there are far more secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters than secondary metabolites isolated from these organisms. This implies that these organisms can produce additional secondary metabolites, which have not yet been elucidated. The A. nidulans genome contains 12 nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), one hybrid polyketide synthase/NRPS, and 14 NRPS-like genes. The only NRPS-like gene in A. nidulans with a known product is tdiA, which is involved in terrequinone A biosynthesis. To attempt to identify the products of these NRPS-like genes, we replaced the native promoters of the NRPS-like genes with the inducible alcohol dehydrogenase (alcA) promoter. Our results demonstrated that induction of the single NRPS-like gene AN3396.4 led to the enhanced production of microperfuranone. Furthermore, heterologous expression of AN3396.4 in Aspergillus niger confirmed that only one NRPS-like gene, AN3396.4, is necessary for the production of microperfuranone.	1
Title: CRISPR-Mediated Activation of Biosynthetic Gene Clusters for Bioactive Molecule Discovery in Filamentous Fungi Abstract: Accessing the full biosynthetic potential encoded in the genomes of fungi is limited by the low expression of most biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) under common laboratory culture conditions. CRISPR-mediated transcriptional activation (CRISPRa) of fungal BGCs could accelerate genomics-driven bioactive secondary metabolite discovery. In this work, we established the first CRISPRa system for filamentous fungi. First, we constructed a CRISPR/dLbCas12a-VPR-based system and demonstrated the activation of a fluorescent reporter in Aspergillus nidulans. Then, we targeted the native nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) gene micA in both chromosomal and episomal contexts, achieving increased production of the compound microperfuranone. Finally, multigene CRISPRa led to the discovery of the mic cluster product as dehydromicroperfuranone. Additionally, we demonstrated the utility of the variant dLbCas12aD156R-VPR for CRISPRa at room temperature culture conditions. Different aspects that influence the efficiency of CRISPRa in fungi were investigated, providing a framework for the further development of fungal artificial transcription factors based on CRISPR/Cas.	1
Title: The anti-staphylococcal lipolanthines are ribosomally synthesized lipopeptides Abstract: The potent antibacterial lanthipeptide microvionin, isolated from a culture of Microbacterium arborescens, exhibits a new triamino-dicarboxylic acid moiety, termed avionin, and an unprecedented N-terminal guanidino fatty acid. We identified the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster and reconstituted central steps of avionin biosynthesis in vitro. Genome mining and isolation of nocavionin from Nocardia terpenica revealed a widespread distribution of this lanthipeptide class, termed lipolanthines, which may be useful as future antimicrobial drugs.	1
Title: DasR positively controls monensin production at two-level regulation in Streptomyces cinnamonensis Abstract: The polyether ionophore antibiotic monensin is produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis and is used as a coccidiostat for chickens and growth-promoting agent for cattle. Monensin biosynthetic gene cluster has been cloned and partially characterized. The GntR-family transcription factor DasR regulates antibiotic production and morphological development in Streptomyces coelicolor and Saccharopolyspora erythraea. In this study, we identified and characterized the two-level regulatory cascade of DasR to monensin production in S. cinnamonensis. Forward and reverse genetics by overexpression and antisense RNA silence of dasR revealed that DasR positively controls monensin production under nutrient-rich condition. Electrophoresis mobility shift assay (EMSA) showed that DasR protein specifically binds to the promoter regions of both pathway-specific regulatory gene monRII and biosynthetic genes monAIX, monE and monT. Semi-quantitative RT-PCR further confirmed that DasR upregulates the transcriptional levels of these genes during monensin fermentation. Subsequently, co-overexpressed dasR with pathway-specific regulatory genes monRI, monRII or monH greatly improved monensin production.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Gene Cluster of a d-Tryptophan-Containing Lasso Peptide, MS-271 Abstract: MS-271, produced by Streptomyces sp. M-271, is a lasso peptide natural product comprising 21 amino acid residues with a d-tryptophan at its C terminus. Because lasso peptides are ribosomal peptides, the biosynthesis of MS-271, especially the mechanism of d-Trp introduction, is of great interest. The MS-271 biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by draft genome sequencing of the MS-271 producer, and it was revealed that the precursor peptide contains all 21 amino acid residues including the C-terminal tryptophan. This suggested that the d-Trp residue is introduced by epimerization. Genes for modification enzymes such as a macrolactam synthetase (mslC), precursor peptide recognition element (mslB1), cysteine protease (mslB2), disulfide oxidoreductases (mslE, mslF), and a protein of unknown function (mslH) were found in the flanking region of the precursor peptide gene. Although obvious epimerase genes were absent in the cluster, heterologous expression of the putative MS-271 cluster in Streptomyces lividans showed that it contains all the necessary genes for MS-271 production including a gene for a new peptide epimerase. Furthermore, a gene-deletion experiment indicated that MslB1, -B2, -C and -H were indispensable for MS-271 production and that some interactions of the biosynthetic enzymes were essential for the biosynthesis of MS-271.	1
Title: Formation of an Angular Aromatic Polyketide from a Linear Anthrene Precursor via Oxidative Rearrangement Abstract: Bacterial aromatic polyketides are a group of natural products synthesized by polyketide synthases (PKSs) that show diverse structures and biological activities. They are structurally subclassified into linear, angular, and discoid aromatic polyketides, the formation of which is commonly determined by the shaping and folding of the poly-β-keto intermediates under the concerted actions of the minimal PKSs, cyclases and ketoreductases. Murayaquinone, found in several streptomycetes, possesses an unusual tricyclic angular aromatic polyketide core containing a 9,10-phenanthraquinone. In this study, genes essential for murayaquinone biosynthesis were identified, and a linear anthraoxirene intermediate was discovered. A unique biosynthetic model for the angular aromatic polyketide formation was discovered and confirmed through in vivo and in vitro studies. Three oxidoreductases, MrqO3, MrqO6, and MrqO7, were identified to catalyze the conversion of the linear aromatic polyketide intermediate into the final angularly arranged framework, which exemplifies a novel strategy for the biosynthesis of angular aromatic polyketides.	1
Title: Genetic basis for mycophenolic acid production and strain-dependent production variability in Penicillium roqueforti Abstract: Mycophenolic acid (MPA) is a secondary metabolite produced by various Penicillium species including Penicillium roqueforti. The MPA biosynthetic pathway was recently described in Penicillium brevicompactum. In this study, an in silico analysis of the P. roqueforti FM164 genome sequence localized a 23.5-kb putative MPA gene cluster. The cluster contains seven genes putatively coding seven proteins (MpaA, MpaB, MpaC, MpaDE, MpaF, MpaG, MpaH) and is highly similar (i.e. gene synteny, sequence homology) to the P. brevicompactum cluster. To confirm the involvement of this gene cluster in MPA biosynthesis, gene silencing using RNA interference targeting mpaC, encoding a putative polyketide synthase, was performed in a high MPA-producing P. roqueforti strain (F43-1). In the obtained transformants, decreased MPA production (measured by LC-Q-TOF/MS) was correlated to reduced mpaC gene expression by Q-RT-PCR. In parallel, mycotoxin quantification on multiple P. roqueforti strains suggested strain-dependent MPA-production. Thus, the entire MPA cluster was sequenced for P. roqueforti strains with contrasted MPA production and a 174bp deletion in mpaC was observed in low MPA-producers. PCRs directed towards the deleted region among 55 strains showed an excellent correlation with MPA quantification. Our results indicated the clear involvement of mpaC gene as well as surrounding cluster in P. roqueforti MPA biosynthesis.	1
Title: Two divergent Symbiodinium genomes reveal conservation of a gene cluster for sunscreen biosynthesis and recently lost genes Abstract: Background:                       The marine dinoflagellate, Symbiodinium, is a well-known photosynthetic partner for coral and other diverse, non-photosynthetic hosts in subtropical and tropical shallows, where it comprises an essential component of marine ecosystems. Using molecular phylogenetics, the genus Symbiodinium has been classified into nine major clades, A-I, and one of the reported differences among phenotypes is their capacity to synthesize mycosporine-like amino acids (MAAs), which absorb UV radiation. However, the genetic basis for this difference in synthetic capacity is unknown. To understand genetics underlying Symbiodinium diversity, we report two draft genomes, one from clade A, presumed to have been the earliest branching clade, and the other from clade C, in the terminal branch.                  Results:                       The nuclear genome of Symbiodinium clade A (SymA) has more gene families than that of clade C, with larger numbers of organelle-related genes, including mitochondrial transcription terminal factor (mTERF) and Rubisco. While clade C (SymC) has fewer gene families, it displays specific expansions of repeat domain-containing genes, such as leucine-rich repeats (LRRs) and retrovirus-related dUTPases. Interestingly, the SymA genome encodes a gene cluster for MAA biosynthesis, potentially transferred from an endosymbiotic red alga (probably of bacterial origin), while SymC has completely lost these genes.                  Conclusions:                       Our analysis demonstrates that SymC appears to have evolved by losing gene families, such as the MAA biosynthesis gene cluster. In contrast to the conservation of genes related to photosynthetic ability, the terminal clade has suffered more gene family losses than other clades, suggesting a possible adaptation to symbiosis. Overall, this study implies that Symbiodinium ecology drives acquisition and loss of gene families.	1
Title: Overexpression of a three-gene conidial pigment biosynthetic pathway in Aspergillus nidulans reveals the first NRPS known to acetylate tryptophan Abstract: Fungal nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) are megasynthetases that produce cyclic and acyclic peptides. In Aspergillus nidulans, the NRPS ivoA (AN10576) has been associated with the biosynthesis of grey-brown conidiophore pigments. Another gene, ivoB (AN0231), has been demonstrated to be an N-acetyl-6-hydroxytryptophan oxidase that putatively acts downstream of IvoA. A third gene, ivoC, has also been predicted to be involved in pigment biosynthesis based on publicly available genomic and transcriptomic information. In this paper, we report the replacement of the promoters of the ivoA, ivoB, and ivoC genes with the inducible promoter alcA in a single cotransformation. Co-overexpression of the three genes resulted in the production of a dark-brown pigment in hyphae. In addition, overexpression of each of the Ivo genes, ivoA-C, individually or in combination, allowed us to isolate intermediates and confirm the function of each gene. IvoA was found to be the first known NRPS to carry out the acetylation of the amino acid, tryptophan.	1
Title: Commensal bacteria make GPCR ligands that mimic human signalling molecules Abstract: Commensal bacteria are believed to have important roles in human health. The mechanisms by which they affect mammalian physiology remain poorly understood, but bacterial metabolites are likely to be key components of host interactions. Here we use bioinformatics and synthetic biology to mine the human microbiota for N-acyl amides that interact with G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). We found that N-acyl amide synthase genes are enriched in gastrointestinal bacteria and the lipids that they encode interact with GPCRs that regulate gastrointestinal tract physiology. Mouse and cell-based models demonstrate that commensal GPR119 agonists regulate metabolic hormones and glucose homeostasis as efficiently as human ligands, although future studies are needed to define their potential physiological role in humans. Our results suggest that chemical mimicry of eukaryotic signalling molecules may be common among commensal bacteria and that manipulation of microbiota genes encoding metabolites that elicit host cellular responses represents a possible small-molecule therapeutic modality (microbiome-biosynthetic gene therapy).	1
Title: Iteratively improving natamycin production in Streptomyces gilvosporeus by a large operon-reporter based strategy Abstract: Many high-value secondary metabolites are assembled by very large multifunctional polyketide synthases or non-ribosomal peptide synthetases encoded by giant genes, for instance, natamycin production in an industrial strain of Streptomyces gilvosporeus. In this study, a large operon reporter-based selection system has been developed using the selectable marker gene neo to report the expression both of the large polyketide synthase genes and of the entire gene cluster, thereby facilitating the selection of natamycin-overproducing mutants by iterative random mutagenesis breeding. In three successive rounds of mutagenesis and selection, the natamycin titer was increased by 110%, 230%, and 340%, respectively, and the expression of the whole biosynthetic gene cluster was correspondingly increased. An additional copy of the natamycin gene cluster was found in one overproducer. These findings support the large operon reporter-based selection system as a useful tool for the improvement of industrial strains utilized in the production of polyketides and non-ribosomal peptides.	1
Title: Characterization and heterologous expression of the neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces koyangensis SCSIO 5802 Abstract: Background:                       The deep-sea-derived microbe Streptomyces koyangensis SCSIO 5802 produces neoabyssomicins A-B (1-2) and abyssomicins 2 (3) and 4 (4). Neoabyssomicin A (1) augments human immunodeficiency virus-1 (HIV-1) replication whereas abyssomicin 2 (3) selectively reactivates latent HIV and is also active against Gram-positive pathogens including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Structurally, neoabyssomicins A-B constitute a new subtype within the abyssomicin family and feature unique structural traits characteristic of extremely interesting biosynthetic transformations.                  Results:                       In this work, the biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) for the neoabyssomicins and abyssomicins, composed of 28 opening reading frames, was identified in S. koyangensis SCSIO 5802, and its role in neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin biosynthesis was confirmed via gene inactivation and heterologous expression experiments. Bioinformatics and genomics analyses enabled us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin biosynthesis. Similarly, a protective export system by which both types of compounds are secreted from the S. koyangensis producer was identified, as was a four-component ABC transporter-based import system central to neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin biosynthesis. Furthermore, two regulatory genes, abmI and abmH, were unambiguously shown to be positive regulators of neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin biosynthesis. Consistent with their roles as positive regulatory genes, the overexpression of abmI and abmH (independent of each other) was shown to improve neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin titers.                  Conclusions:                       These studies provide new insight into the biosynthesis of the abyssomicin class of natural products, and highlight important exploitable features of its BGC for future efforts. Elucidation of the neoabyssomicin/abyssomicin BGC now enables combinatorial biosynthetic initiatives aimed at improving both the titers and pharmaceutical properties of these important natural products-based drug leads.	1
Title: Directed Accumulation of Anticancer Depsipeptides by Characterization of Neoantimycins Biosynthetic Pathway and an NADPH-Dependent Reductase Abstract: Neoantimycins (NATs) are members of antimycin-types of depsipeptides with outstanding anticancer activities. We isolated NAT-A (1) and -F (2) from the fermentation extract of Streptomyces conglobatus. The NAT biosynthetic gene cluster ( nat BGC) was identified by genome sequencing and bioinformatics analysis. nat BGC includes two nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and one polyketide synthase (PKS) gene, and a gene cassette (10 genes), of which the encoded enzymes share high homology to the ones responsible for 3-formamidosalicylate (3-FAS) biosynthesis in the antimycin biosynthetic pathway. Heterologous expression of the partial nat BGC without the 3-FAS gene cassette in the antimycin producer, Streptomyces albus J1074, results in the production of 1 and 2, suggesting that the nat BGC indeed directs NATs biosynthesis. Targeted in-frame deletion of the reductase gene ( natE) abolished the production of 1 and 2 but accumulated two NAT derivatives, the known NAT-H (3) and a new NAT-I (4). Biochemical verification demonstrated that the recombinant NatE indeed catalyzes an NADPH-dependent reaction of 3 or 4 to 1 or 2, respectively. Compound 3 presented significantly stronger activities against eight cancer cell lines than the ones using cisplatin, the clinical chemotherapy medicine. In particular, 3 displayed 559- and 57-fold higher activity toward human melanoma and cervix epidermoid carcinoma cells, respectively, compared with cisplatin. The new derivative, 4, was 1.5- to 10.9-fold more active than cisplatin toward five cancer cell lines. The evaluation of NATs biosynthesis depicted here will pave the way to generate new NAT derivatives through rational pathway engineering.	1
Title: Neothioviridamide, a Polythioamide Compound Produced by Heterologous Expression of a Streptomyces sp. Cryptic RiPP Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: During genome mining for thioviridamide-like biosynthetic gene clusters that could produce polythioamide RiPP (ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides), we discovered a novel cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster. During efforts to express this biosynthetic gene using heterologous expression of this biosynthetic gene cluster, a novel compound designated as neothioviridamide was produced. We report herein the cloning and heterologous expression of the neothioviridamide biosynthetic gene cluster and the isolation, structure determination, and cytotoxic activity of neothioviridamide.	1
Title: Accurate prediction of secondary metabolite gene clusters in filamentous fungi Abstract: Biosynthetic pathways of secondary metabolites from fungi are currently subject to an intense effort to elucidate the genetic basis for these compounds due to their large potential within pharmaceutics and synthetic biochemistry. The preferred method is methodical gene deletions to identify supporting enzymes for key synthases one cluster at a time. In this study, we design and apply a DNA expression array for Aspergillus nidulans in combination with legacy data to form a comprehensive gene expression compendium. We apply a guilt-by-association-based analysis to predict the extent of the biosynthetic clusters for the 58 synthases active in our set of experimental conditions. A comparison with legacy data shows the method to be accurate in 13 of 16 known clusters and nearly accurate for the remaining 3 clusters. Furthermore, we apply a data clustering approach, which identifies cross-chemistry between physically separate gene clusters (superclusters), and validate this both with legacy data and experimentally by prediction and verification of a supercluster consisting of the synthase AN1242 and the prenyltransferase AN11080, as well as identification of the product compound nidulanin A. We have used A. nidulans for our method development and validation due to the wealth of available biochemical data, but the method can be applied to any fungus with a sequenced and assembled genome, thus supporting further secondary metabolite pathway elucidation in the fungal kingdom.	1
Title: Identification and Proposed Relative and Absolute Configurations of Niphimycins C-E from the Marine-Derived Streptomyces sp. IMB7-145 by Genomic Analysis Abstract: Analysis of the whole genome sequence of Streptomyces sp. IMB7-145 revealed the presence of seven type I polyketide synthase biosynthetic gene clusters, one of which was highly homologous to the biosynthetic gene cluster of azalomycin F. Detailed bioinformatic analysis of the modular organization of the PKS gene suggested that this gene is responsible for niphimycin biosynthesis. Guided by genomic analysis, a large-scale cultivation ultimately led to the discovery and characterization of four new niphimycin congeners, namely, niphimycins C-E (1-3) and 17-O-methylniphimycin (4). The configurations of most stereocenters of niphimycins have not been determined to date. In the present study, the relative configurations were elucidated by spectroscopic analysis, including J-based analysis and the CNMR database method. Further, the full absolute configurations of niphimycins were completely proposed for the first time based on biosynthetic gene cluster analysis of the ketoreductase and enoylreductase domains for hydroxy- and methyl-bearing stereocenters. Compounds 1, 3, 4, and niphimycin Iα (5) showed antimicrobial activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and vancomycin-resistant enterococci (MIC: 8-64 μg/mL), as well as cytotoxicity against the human HeLa cancer cell line (IC50: 3.0-9.0 μM). In addition, compounds 1 and 5 displayed significant activity against several Mycobacterium tuberculosis clinical isolates (MIC: 4-32 μg/mL).	1
Title: Discovery of a novel lantibiotic nisin O from Blautia obeum A2-162, isolated from the human gastrointestinal tract Abstract: A novel lanC-like sequence was identified from the dominant human gut bacterium Blautia obeum strain A2-162. This sequence was extended to reveal a putative lantibiotic operon with biosynthetic and transport genes, two sets of regulatory genes, immunity genes, three identical copies of a nisin-like lanA gene with an unusual leader peptide, and a fourth putative lanA gene. Comparison with other nisin clusters showed that the closest relationship was to nisin U. B. obeum A2-162 demonstrated antimicrobial activity against Clostridium perfringens when grown on solid medium in the presence of trypsin. Fusions of predicted nsoA structural sequences with the nisin A leader were expressed in Lactococcus lactis containing the nisin A operon without nisA. Expression of the nisA leader sequence fused to the predicted structural nsoA1 produced a growth defect in L. lactis that was dependent upon the presence of biosynthetic genes, but failed to produce antimicrobial activity. Insertion of the nso cluster into L. lactis MG1614 gave an increased immunity to nisin A, but this was not replicated by the expression of nsoI. Nisin A induction of L. lactis containing the nso cluster and nisRK genes allowed detection of the NsoA1 pre-peptide by Western hybridization. When this heterologous producer was grown with nisin induction on solid medium, antimicrobial activity was demonstrated in the presence of trypsin against C. perfringens, Clostridium difficile and L. lactis. This research adds to evidence that lantibiotic production may be an important trait of gut bacteria and could lead to the development of novel treatments for intestinal diseases.	1
Title: Identification of nocamycin biosynthetic gene cluster from Saccharothrix syringae NRRL B-16468 and generation of new nocamycin derivatives by manipulating gene cluster Abstract: Background:                       Nocamycins I and II, produced by the rare actinomycete Saccharothrix syringae, belong to the tetramic acid family natural products. Nocamycins show potent antimicrobial activity and they hold great potential for antibacterial agent design. However, up to now, little is known about the exact biosynthetic mechanism of nocamycin.                  Results:                       In this report, we identified the gene cluster responsible for nocamycin biosynthesis from S. syringae and generated new nocamycin derivatives by manipulating its gene cluster. The biosynthetic gene cluster for nocamycin contains a 61 kb DNA locus, consisting of 21 open reading frames (ORFs). Five type I polyketide synthases (NcmAI, NcmAII, NcmAIII, NcmAIV, NcmAV) and a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NcmB) are proposed to be involved in synthesis of the backbone structure, a Dieckmann cyclase NcmC catalyze the releasing of linear chain and the formation of tetramic acid moiety, five enzymes (NcmEDGOP) are related to post-tailoring steps, and five enzymes (NcmNJKIM) function as regulators. Targeted inactivation of ncmB led to nocamycin production being completely abolished, which demonstrates that this gene cluster is involved in nocamycin biosynthesis. To generate new nocamycin derivatives, the gene ncmG, encoding for a cytochrome P450 oxidase, was inactivated. Two new nocamycin derivatives nocamycin III and nocamycin IV were isolated from the ncmG deletion mutant strain and their structures were elucidated by spectroscopic data analyses. Based on bioinformatics analysis and new derivatives isolated from gene inactivation mutant strains, a biosynthetic pathway of nocamycins was proposed.                  Conclusion:                       These findings provide the basis for further understanding of nocamycin biosynthetic mechanism, and set the stage to rationally engineer new nocamycin derivatives via combinatorial biosynthesis strategy.	1
Title: The cyanobacterial metabolite nocuolin a is a natural oxadiazine that triggers apoptosis in human cancer cells Abstract: Oxadiazines are heterocyclic compounds containing N-N-O or N-N-C-O system within a six membered ring. These structures have been up to now exclusively prepared via organic synthesis. Here, we report the discovery of a natural oxadiazine nocuolin A (NoA) that has a unique structure based on 1,2,3-oxadiazine. We have identified this compound in three independent cyanobacterial strains of genera Nostoc, Nodularia, and Anabaena and recognized the putative gene clusters for NoA biosynthesis in their genomes. Its structure was characterized using a combination of NMR, HRMS and FTIR methods. The compound was first isolated as a positive hit during screening for apoptotic inducers in crude cyanobacterial extracts. We demonstrated that NoA-induced cell death has attributes of caspase-dependent apoptosis. Moreover, NoA exhibits a potent anti-proliferative activity (0.7-4.5 μM) against several human cancer lines, with p53-mutated cell lines being even more sensitive. Since cancers bearing p53 mutations are resistant to several conventional anti-cancer drugs, NoA may offer a new scaffold for the development of drugs that have the potential to target tumor cells independent of their p53 status. As no analogous type of compound was previously described in the nature, NoA establishes a novel class of bioactive secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Heterologous Biosynthesis of Nodulisporic Acid F Abstract: Nodulisporic acids comprise a group of valuable indole diterpenes that exhibit potent insecticidal activities. We report the identification of a gene cluster in the genome of the filamentous fungus Hypoxylon pulicicidum (Nodulisporium sp.) that contains genes responsible for the biosynthesis of nodulisporic acids. Using Penicillium paxilli as a heterologous host, and through pathway reconstitution experiments, we identified the function of four genes involved in the biosynthesis of the nodulisporic acid core compound, nodulisporic acid F (NAF). Two of these genes (nodM and nodW) are especially significant as they encode enzymes with previously unreported functionality: nodM encodes a 3-geranylgeranylindole epoxidase capable of catalyzing only a single epoxidation step to prime formation of the distinctive ring structure of nodulisporic acids, and nodW encodes the first reported gene product capable of introducing a carboxylic acid moiety to an indole diterpene core structure that acts as a reactive handle for further modification. Here, we present the enzymatic basis for the biosynthetic branch point that gives rise to nodulisporic acids.	1
Title: Occidiofungin is an important component responsible for the antifungal activity of Burkholderia pyrrocinia strain Lyc2 Abstract: Aims:                       To identify the taxonomy of tobacco rhizosphere-isolated strain Lyc2 and investigate the mechanisms of the antifungal activities, focusing on antimicrobials gene clusters identification and function analysis.                  Methods and results:                       Multilocus sequence typing and 16S rRNA analyses indicated that strain Lyc2 belongs to Burkholderia pyrrocinia. Bioassay results indicated strain Lyc2 showed significant antifungal activities against a broad range of plant and animal fungal pathogens and control efficacy on seedling damping off disease of cotton. A 55·2-kb gene cluster which was homologous to ocf gene clusters in Burkholderia contaminans MS14 was confirmed to be responsible for antifungal activities by random mutagenesis; HPLC was used to verify the production of antifungal compounds. Multiple antibiotic and secondary metabolized biosynthesis gene clusters predicated by antiSMASH revealed the broad spectrum of antimicrobials activities of the strain.                  Conclusions:                       Our results revealed the mechanisms of antifungal activities of strain Lyc2 and expand our knowledge about production of occidiofungin in the bacteria Burkholderia.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Understanding the mechanisms of antifungal activities of strain Lyc2 has contributed to discovery of new antibiotics and expand our knowledge of production of occidiofungin in the bacteria Burkholderia.	1
Title: Structure, Function, and Biosynthetic Origin of Octapeptin Antibiotics Active against Extensively Drug-Resistant Gram-Negative Bacteria Abstract: Resistance to the last-resort antibiotic colistin is now widespread and new therapeutics are urgently required. We report the first in toto chemical synthesis and pre-clinical evaluation of octapeptins, a class of lipopeptides structurally related to colistin. The octapeptin biosynthetic cluster consisted of three non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (OctA, OctB, and OctC) that produced an amphiphilic antibiotic, octapeptin C4, which was shown to bind to and depolarize membranes. While active against multi-drug resistant (MDR) strains in vitro, octapeptin C4 displayed poor in vivo efficacy, most likely due to high plasma protein binding. Nuclear magnetic resonance solution structures, empirical structure-activity and structure-toxicity models were used to design synthetic octapeptins active against MDR and extensively drug-resistant (XDR) bacteria. The scaffold was then subtly altered to reduce plasma protein binding, while maintaining activity against MDR and XDR bacteria. In vivo efficacy was demonstrated in a murine bacteremia model with a colistin-resistant P. aeruginosa clinical isolate.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Structure-Activity Relationship Studies of Okaramines That Target Insect Glutamate-Gated Chloride Channels Abstract: Prenylated indole alkaloid okaramines selectively target insect glutamate-gated chloride channels (GluCls). Because of their highly complex structures, including azocine and azetidine rings, total synthesis of okaramine A or B has not been achieved, preventing evaluation of the biological activities of okaramines. Biosynthetic approaches provide alternatives to accessing structurally diverse derivatives and enabling the elucidation of structure-activity relationships. To explore the biosynthetic potential of okaramines, gene knockout experiments of an okaramine-producer fungus were performed. The deletion mutants of the oxygenase genes okaB, okaD, okaE, and okaG provided analogues that were unlikely to be accumulated in the normal biosynthetic process of the wild-type strain. Analysis of the structure-activity relationships of okaramines collected from the fungal cultures revealed that 1,4-dihydroazocine and N-aliphatic group attached to the indole were crucial for GluCl-activating activity. This provided insights into further derivatization of the complex structure of okaramines in order to facilitate the development of new insecticides.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Complex Indole Alkaloids: Elucidation of the Concise Pathway of Okaramines Abstract: The okaramines are a class of complex indole alkaloids isolated from Penicillium and Aspergillus species. Their potent insecticidal activity arises from selectively activating glutamate-gated chloride channels (GluCls) in invertebrates, not affecting human ligand-gated anion channels. Okaramines B (1) and D (2) contain a polycyclic skeleton, including an azocine ring and an unprecedented 2-dimethyl-3-methyl-azetidine ring. Owing to their complex scaffold, okaramines have inspired many total synthesis efforts, but the enzymology of the okaramine biosynthetic pathway remains unexplored. Here, we identified and characterized the biosynthetic gene cluster (oka) of 1 and 2, then elucidated the pathway with target gene inactivation, heterologous reconstitution, and biochemical characterization. Notably, we characterized an α-ketoglutarate-dependent non-heme FeII dioxygenase that forged the azetidine ring on the okaramine skeleton.	1
Title: Regulatory cascade and biological activity of Beauveria bassiana oosporein that limits bacterial growth after host death Abstract: The regulatory network and biological functions of the fungal secondary metabolite oosporein have remained obscure. Beauveria bassiana has evolved the ability to parasitize insects and outcompete microbial challengers for assimilation of host nutrients. A novel zinc finger transcription factor, BbSmr1 (B. bassiana secondary metabolite regulator 1), was identified in a screen for oosporein overproduction. Deletion of Bbsmr1 resulted in up-regulation of the oosporein biosynthetic gene cluster (OpS genes) and constitutive oosporein production. Oosporein production was abolished in double mutants of Bbsmr1 and a second transcription factor, OpS3, within the oosporein gene cluster (ΔBbsmr1ΔOpS3), indicating that BbSmr1 acts as a negative regulator of OpS3 expression. Real-time quantitative PCR and a GFP promoter fusion construct of OpS1, the oosporein polyketide synthase, indicated that OpS1 is expressed mainly in insect cadavers at 24-48 h after death. Bacterial colony analysis in B. bassiana-infected insect hosts revealed increasing counts until host death, with a dramatic decrease (∼90%) after death that correlated with oosporein production. In vitro studies verified the inhibitory activity of oosporein against bacteria derived from insect cadavers. These results suggest that oosporein acts as an antimicrobial compound to limit microbial competition on B. bassiana-killed hosts, allowing the fungus to maximally use host nutrients to grow and sporulate on infected cadavers.	1
Title: Molecular genetic characterization of the biosynthesis cluster of a prenylated isoindolinone alkaloid aspernidine A in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Aspernidine A is a prenylated isoindolinone alkaloid isolated from the model fungus Aspergillus nidulans. A genome-wide kinase knockout library of A. nidulans was examined, and it was found that a mitogen-activated protein kinase gene, mpkA, deletion strain produces aspernidine A. Targeted gene deletions were performed in the kinase deletion background to identify the gene cluster for aspernidine A biosynthesis. Intermediates were isolated from mutant strains which provided information about the aspernidine A biosynthesis pathway.	1
Title: Activation of Natural Products Biosynthetic Pathways via a Protein Modification Level Regulation Abstract: Natural products are critical for drug discovery and development; however their discovery is challenged by the wide inactivation or silence of microbial biosynthetic pathways. Currently strategies targeting this problem are mainly concentrated on chromosome dissembling, transcription, and translation-stage regulations as well as chemical stimulation. In this study, we developed a novel approach to awake cryptic/silenced microbial biosynthetic pathways through augmentation of the conserved protein modification step-phosphopantetheinylation of carrier proteins. Overexpression of phosphopantetheinyl transferase (Pptase) genes into 33 Actinomycetes achieved a significantly high activation ratio at which 23 (70%) strains produced new metabolites. Genetic and biochemical studies on the mode-of-action revealed that exogenous PPtases triggered the activation of carrier proteins and subsequent production of metabolites. With this approach we successfully identified five oviedomycin and halichomycin-like compounds from two strains. This study provides a novel approach to efficiently activate cryptic/silenced biosynthetic pathways which will be useful for natural products discovery.	1
Title: Collaborative Biosynthesis of Maleimide- and Succinimide-Containing Natural Products by Fungal Polyketide Megasynthases Abstract: Fungal polyketide synthases (PKSs) can function collaboratively to synthesize natural products of significant structural diversity. Here we present a new mode of collaboration between a highly reducing PKS (HRPKS) and a PKS-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) in the synthesis of oxaleimides from the Penicillium species. The HRPKS is recruited in the synthesis of an olefin-containing free amino acid, which is activated and incorporated by the adenylation domain of the PKS-NRPS. The precisely positioned olefin from the unnatural amino acid is proposed to facilitate a scaffold rearrangement of the PKS-NRPS product to forge the maleimide and succinimide cores of oxaleimides.	1
Title: A B12-dependent radical SAM enzyme involved in oxetanocin A biosynthesis Abstract: Oxetanocin A (OXT-A) is a potent antitumour, antiviral and antibacterial compound. Biosynthesis of OXT-A has been linked to a plasmid-borne Bacillus megaterium gene cluster that contains four genes: oxsA, oxsB, oxrA and oxrB. Here we show that both the oxsA and oxsB genes are required for the production of OXT-A. Biochemical analysis of the encoded proteins, a cobalamin (Cbl)-dependent S-adenosylmethionine (AdoMet) radical enzyme, OxsB, and an HD-domain phosphohydrolase, OxsA, reveals that OXT-A is derived from a 2'-deoxyadenosine phosphate in an OxsB-catalysed ring contraction reaction initiated by hydrogen atom abstraction from C2'. Hence, OxsB represents the first biochemically characterized non-methylating Cbl-dependent AdoMet radical enzyme. X-ray analysis of OxsB reveals the fold of a Cbl-dependent AdoMet radical enzyme, a family of enzymes with an estimated 7,000 members. Overall, this work provides a framework for understanding the interplay of AdoMet and Cbl cofactors and expands the catalytic repertoire of Cbl-dependent AdoMet radical enzymes.	1
Title: Activation and characterization of a cryptic gene cluster reveals a cyclization cascade for polycyclic tetramate macrolactams Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PTMs) are a growing class of natural products and are derived from a hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)/non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) pathway. PTM biosynthetic gene clusters are conserved and widely distributed in bacteria, however, most of them remain silent. Herein we report the activation of a PTM gene cluster in marine-derived Streptomyces pactum SCSIO 02999 by promoter engineering and heterologous expression, leading to the discovery of six new PTMs, pactamides A-F (11-16), with potent cytotoxic activity upon several human cancer cell lines. In vivo gene disruption experiments and in vitro biochemical assays reveal a reductive cyclization cascade for polycycle formation, with reactions sequentially generating the 5, 5/5 and 5/5/6 carbocyclic ring systems, catalysed by the phytoene dehydrogenase PtmB2, the oxidoreductase PtmB1, and the alcohol dehydrogenase PtmC, respectively. Furthermore, PtmC was demonstrated as a bifunctional cyclase for catalyzing the formation of the inner five-membered ring in ikarugamycin. This study suggests the possibility of finding more bioactive PTMs by genome mining and discloses a general mechanism for the formation of 5/5/6-type carbocyclic rings in PTMs.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthesis gene cluster for the novel lantibiotic paenilan from Paenibacillus polymyxa E681 and characterization of its product Abstract: Aims:                       To analyse the function of a putative lantibiotic gene cluster of Paenibacillus polymyxa E681 and to characterize its product, paenilan.                  Methods and results:                       Comparative analysis of the lantibiotic gene cluster of E681 revealed that the cluster, consisting of 11 open reading frames, is involved in the biosynthesis of a class I lantibiotic. The pnlA gene encoding the prepeptide PnlA was identified and P. polymyxa strain EPT14 producing only paenilan was constructed by knockout of the other five antibiotic biosynthetic gene clusters of E681. Paenilan was purified from EPT14 culture by solvent partitioning, ODS silica gel chromatography and reversed-phase preparative HPLC. The molecular mass (2510·10 Da) and structure of paenilan analysed by Nanoelectrospray ionization mass spectrometry (MS) and MS/MS showed that paenilan is a novel class I lantibiotic. Paenilan exhibited antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive bacteria such as Bacillus cereus, Micrococcus luteus and Paenibacillus durus. The paenilan gene is well-conserved in different Paenibacillus sp. isolated from globally distant places.                  Conclusions:                       The lantibiotic gene cluster of P. polymyxa E681 was analysed and its product, a novel and useful lantibiotic named paenilan that inhibits the growth of some Gram-positive bacteria, was characterized.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Paenibacillus species are a good source of new lantibiotics, and the conservation of the paenilan gene among Paenibacillus sp. implies paenilan has an important function(s) for their survival.	1
Title: Genome Mining of the Lipopeptide Biosynthesis of Paenibacillus polymyxa E681 in Combination with Mass Spectrometry: Discovery of the Lipoheptapeptide Paenilipoheptin Abstract: Paenibacillus polymyxa strains are qualified for agro-biotechnological uses such as plant growth promotion and for biocontrol strategies against deleterious phytopathogenic competitors in the soil depending on their attractive arsenal of bioactive compounds. Moreover, they are potent producers of antibiotics for medical applications. To identify new products of such organisms, genome mining strategies in combination with mass spectrometry are the methods of choice. Herein, we performed such studies with the Paenibacillus strain E681. Bioinformatic evaluation of its genome sequence revealed four gene clusters A-D encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs). Accordingly, four lipopeptide families were detected by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS). Clusters A and D codify the well known fusaricidins and polymyxins. A yet-unknown lipoheptapeptide was discovered and structurally characterized by de novo sequencing by using MALDI-LIFT-TOF/TOF MS. It was designated as paenilipoheptin. From structure predictions we infer that the production of this agent is encoded by gene cluster C. Gene cluster B encodes the synthesis of tridecaptins, a family of open-chain lipotridecapeptides. Strain E681 produces new subspecies of such compounds (tridecaptins E) showing variations both in their fatty-acid part as well as in their peptide part.	1
Title: Discovery of Key Dioxygenases that Diverged the Paraherquonin and Acetoxydehydroaustin Pathways in Penicillium brasilianum Abstract: Paraherquonin (1), a fungal meroterpenoid produced by Penicillium brasilianum NBRC 6234, possesses a unique, highly congested hexacyclic molecular architecture. Here we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster of 1 (the prh cluster) and elucidated the pathway up to berkeleydione (2), which serves as the key intermediate for the biosynthesis of 1 as well as many other meroterpenoids. Interestingly, the nonheme iron and α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase PrhA constructs the cycloheptadiene moiety to afford 2 from preaustinoid A1 (6), probably via the homoallyl-homoallyl radical rearrangement. Additionally, another fungal strain, P. brasilianum MG11, which produces acetoxydehydroaustin instead of 1, was found to have a gene cluster nearly identical to the prh cluster. The dioxygenase encoded by the cluster shares 92% sequence identity with PrhA, and also accepts 6 but produces preaustinoid A3 (17) with a spiro-lactone system, generating a diverging point for the two different meroterpenoid pathways in the same species.	1
Title: Antibacterial Paramagnetic Quinones from Actinoallomurus Abstract: Four metabolites, designated paramagnetoquinone A, B, C, and D (1-4), were isolated from three strains belonging to the actinomycete genus Actinoallomurus. Compounds 1 and 2 showed potent antibacterial activity with MIC values lower than 0.015 μg/mL against Gram-positive pathogens, including antibiotic-resistant strains. Since compounds 1 and 2 were NMR-silent due to the presence of an oxygen radical, structure elucidation was achieved through a combination of derivatizations, oxidations, and analysis of 13C-labeled compounds. The paramagnetoquinones share the same carbon scaffold as tetracenomycin but carry two quinones and a five-membered lactone fused to the aromatic system. Compounds 2 and 1 are identical except for an unprecedented replacement of a methoxy in 2 by a methylamino group in 1. Related compounds devoid of methyl group(s) and of antibacterial activity were isolated from a different Actinoallomurus strain. The likely pmq biosynthetic gene cluster was identified from strain ID145113. While the cluster encodes many of the expected enzymes involved in the formation of aromatic polyketides, it also encodes a dedicated ketoacid dehydrogenase complex and an unusual acyl carrier protein transacylase, suggesting that an unusual starter unit might prime the polyketide synthase.	1
Title: New insights into paulomycin biosynthesis pathway in Streptomyces albus J1074 and generation of novel derivatives by combinatorial biosynthesis Abstract: Background:                       Streptomyces albus J1074 produces glycosylated antibiotics paulomycin A, B and E that derive from chorismate and contain an isothiocyanate residue in form of paulic acid. Paulomycins biosynthesis pathway involves two glycosyltransferases, three acyltransferases, enzymes required for paulic acid biosynthesis (in particular an aminotransferase and a sulfotransferase), and enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of two deoxysugar moieties: D-allose and L-paulomycose.                  Results:                       Inactivation of genes encoding enzymes involved in deoxysugar biosynthesis, paulic acid biosynthesis, deoxysugar transfer, and acyl moieties transfer has allowed the identification of several biosynthetic intermediates and shunt products, derived from paulomycin intermediates, and to propose a refined version of the paulomycin biosynthesis pathway. Furthermore, several novel bioactive derivatives of paulomycins carrying modifications in the L-paulomycose moiety have been generated by combinatorial biosynthesis using different plasmids that direct the biosynthesis of alternative deoxyhexoses.                  Conclusions:                       The paulomycins biosynthesis pathway has been defined by inactivation of genes encoding glycosyltransferases, acyltransferases and enzymes involved in paulic acid and L-paulomycose biosynthesis. These experiments have allowed the assignment of each of these genes to specific paulomycin biosynthesis steps based on characterization of products accumulated by the corresponding mutant strains. In addition, novel derivatives of paulomycin A and B containing L-paulomycose modified moieties were generated by combinatorial biosynthesis. The production of such derivatives shows that L-paulomycosyl glycosyltransferase Plm12 possesses a certain degree of flexibility for the transfer of different deoxysugars. In addition, the pyruvate dehydrogenase system form by Plm8 and Plm9 is also flexible to catalyze the attachment of a two-carbon side chain, derived from pyruvate, into both 2,6-dideoxyhexoses and 2,3,6-trideoxyhexoses. The activity of the novel paulomycin derivatives carrying modifications in the L-paulomycose moiety is lower than the original compounds pointing to some interesting structure-activity relationships.	1
Title: Identification and analysis of the paulomycin biosynthetic gene cluster and titer improvement of the paulomycins in Streptomyces paulus NRRL 8115 Abstract: The paulomycins are a group of glycosylated compounds featuring a unique paulic acid moiety. To locate their biosynthetic gene clusters, the genomes of two paulomycin producers, Streptomyces paulus NRRL 8115 and Streptomyces sp. YN86, were sequenced. The paulomycin biosynthetic gene clusters were defined by comparative analyses of the two genomes together with the genome of the third paulomycin producer Streptomyces albus J1074. Subsequently, the identity of the paulomycin biosynthetic gene cluster was confirmed by inactivation of two genes involved in biosynthesis of the paulomycose branched chain (pau11) and the ring A moiety (pau18) in Streptomyces paulus NRRL 8115. After determining the gene cluster boundaries, a convergent biosynthetic model was proposed for paulomycin based on the deduced functions of the pau genes. Finally, a paulomycin high-producing strain was constructed by expressing an activator-encoding gene (pau13) in S. paulus, setting the stage for future investigations.	1
Title: An Unusual Protector-Protégé Strategy for the Biosynthesis of Purine Nucleoside Antibiotics Abstract: Pentostatin (PTN, deoxycoformycin) and arabinofuranosyladenine (Ara-A, vidarabine) are purine nucleoside antibiotics used clinically to treat hematological cancers and human DNA virus infections, respectively. PTN has a 1,3-diazepine ring, and Ara-A is an adenosine analog with an intriguing epimerization at the C-2' hydroxyl group. However, the logic underlying the biosynthesis of these interesting molecules has long remained elusive. Here, we report that the biosynthesis of PTN and Ara-A employs an unusual protector-protégé strategy. To our surprise, we determined that a single gene cluster governs PTN and Ara-A biosynthesis via two independent pathways. Moreover, we verified that PenB functions as a reversible oxidoreductase for the final step of PTN. Remarkably, we provided the first direct biochemical evidence that PTN can protect Ara-A from deamination by selective inhibition of the host adenosine deaminase. These findings expand our knowledge of natural product biosynthesis and open the way for target-directed genome mining of Ara-A/PTN-related antibiotics.	1
Title: Genome mining unearths a hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like-pteridine synthase biosynthetic gene cluster Abstract: Nonribosomal peptides represent a large class of metabolites with pharmaceutical relevance. Pteridines, such as pterins, folates, and flavins, are heterocyclic metabolites that often serve as redox-active cofactors. The biosynthetic machineries for construction of these distinct classes of small molecules operate independently in the cell. Here, we discovered an unprecedented nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like-pteridine synthase hybrid biosynthetic gene cluster in Photorhabdus luminescens using genome synteny analysis. P. luminescens is a Gammaproteobacterium that undergoes phenotypic variation and can have both pathogenic and mutualistic roles. Through extensive gene deletion, pathway-targeted molecular networking, quantitative proteomic analysis, and NMR, we show that the genetic locus affects the regulation of quorum sensing and secondary metabolic enzymes and encodes new pteridine metabolites functionalized with cis-amide acyl-side chains, termed pepteridine A (1) and B (2). The pepteridines are produced in the pathogenic phenotypic variant and represent the first reported metabolites to be synthesized by a hybrid NRPS-pteridine pathway. These studies expand our view of the combinatorial biosynthetic potential available in bacteria.	1
Title: Solving the Puzzle of One-Carbon Loss in Ripostatin Biosynthesis Abstract: Ripostatin is a promising antibiotic that inhibits RNA polymerase by binding to a novel binding site. In this study, the characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of ripostatin, which is a peculiar polyketide synthase (PKS) hybrid cluster encoding cis- and trans-acyltransferase PKS genes, is reported. Moreover, an unprecedented mechanism for phenyl acetic acid formation and loading as a starter unit was discovered. This phenyl-C2 unit is derived from phenylpyruvate (phenyl-C3) and the mechanism described herein explains the mysterious loss of one carbon atom in ripostatin biosynthesis from the phenyl-C3 precursor. Through in vitro reconstitution of the whole loading process, a pyruvate dehydrogenase like protein complex was revealed that performs thiamine pyrophosphate dependent decarboxylation of phenylpyruvate to form a phenylacetyl-S-acyl carrier protein species, which is supplied to the subsequent biosynthetic assembly line for chain extension to finally yield ripostatin.	1
Title: Control of the Stereochemical Course of [4+2] Cycloaddition during trans-Decalin Formation by Fsa2-Family Enzymes Abstract: Enzyme-catalyzed [4+2] cycloaddition has been proposed to be a key transformation process in various natural product biosynthetic pathways. Recently Fsa2 was found to be involved in stereospecific trans-decalin formation during the biosynthesis of equisetin, a potent HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. To understand the mechanisms by which fsa2 determines the stereochemistry of reaction products, we sought an fsa2 homologue that is involved in trans-decalin formation in the biosynthetic pathway of an enantiomerically opposite analogue, and we found phm7, which is involved in the biosynthesis of phomasetin. A decalin skeleton with an unnatural configuration was successfully constructed by gene replacement of phm7 with fsa2, thus demonstrating enzymatic control of all stereochemistry in the [4+2] cycloaddition. Our findings highlight enzyme-catalyzed [4+2] cycloaddition as a stereochemically divergent step in natural product biosynthetic pathways and open new avenues for generating derivatives with different stereochemistry.	1
Title: Discovery of a Phosphonoacetic Acid Derived Natural Product by Pathway Refactoring Abstract: The activation of silent natural product gene clusters is a synthetic biology problem of great interest. As the rate at which gene clusters are identified outpaces the discovery rate of new molecules, this unknown chemical space is rapidly growing, as too are the rewards for developing technologies to exploit it. One class of natural products that has been underrepresented is phosphonic acids, which have important medical and agricultural uses. Hundreds of phosphonic acid biosynthetic gene clusters have been identified encoding for unknown molecules. Although methods exist to elicit secondary metabolite gene clusters in native hosts, they require the strain to be amenable to genetic manipulation. One method to circumvent this is pathway refactoring, which we implemented in an effort to discover new phosphonic acids from a gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. strain NRRL F-525. By reengineering this cluster for expression in the production host Streptomyces lividans, utility of refactoring is demonstrated with the isolation of a novel phosphonic acid, O-phosphonoacetic acid serine, and the characterization of its biosynthesis. In addition, a new biosynthetic branch point is identified with a phosphonoacetaldehyde dehydrogenase, which was used to identify additional phosphonic acid gene clusters that share phosphonoacetic acid as an intermediate.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for cryptic phthoxazolin A in Streptomyces avermitilis Abstract: Phthoxazolin A, an oxazole-containing polyketide, has a broad spectrum of anti-oomycete activity and herbicidal activity. We recently identified phthoxazolin A as a cryptic metabolite of Streptomyces avermitilis that produces the important anthelmintic agent avermectin. Even though genome data of S. avermitilis is publicly available, no plausible biosynthetic gene cluster for phthoxazolin A is apparent in the sequence data. Here, we identified and characterized the phthoxazolin A (ptx) biosynthetic gene cluster through genome sequencing, comparative genomic analysis, and gene disruption. Sequence analysis uncovered that the putative ptx biosynthetic genes are laid on an extra genomic region that is not found in the public database, and 8 open reading frames in the extra genomic region could be assigned roles in the biosynthesis of the oxazole ring, triene polyketide and carbamoyl moieties. Disruption of the ptxA gene encoding a discrete acyltransferase resulted in a complete loss of phthoxazolin A production, confirming that the trans-AT type I PKS system is responsible for the phthoxazolin A biosynthesis. Based on the predicted functional domains in the ptx assembly line, we propose the biosynthetic pathway of phthoxazolin A.	1
Title: Structural Revision and Biosynthesis of the Fungal Phytotoxins Phyllostictines A and B Abstract: The structure of the fungal phytotoxins known as the phyllostictines has been revised to a series of bicyclic 3-methylene tetramic acids. Genome sequencing of the producing organism Phyllostica cirsii has revealed a biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the phyllostictines, and targeted knockout experiments have proven the link and produced an intermediate.	1
Title: Plantaricyclin A, a Novel Circular Bacteriocin Produced by Lactobacillus plantarum NI326: Purification, Characterization, and Heterologous Production Abstract: Bacteriocins from lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are of increasing interest in recent years due to their potential as natural preservatives against food and beverage spoilage microorganisms. In a screening study for LAB, we isolated from olives a strain, Lactobacillus plantarum NI326, with activity against the beverage-spoilage bacterium Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris Genome sequencing of NI326 enabled the identification of a gene cluster (designated plc) encoding a putative circular bacteriocin and proteins involved in its modification, transport, and immunity. This novel bacteriocin, named plantaricyclin A (PlcA), was grouped into the circular bacteriocin subgroup II due to its high degree of similarity with other gassericin A-like bacteriocins. Purification of PlcA from the supernatant of Lb. plantarum NI326 resulted in an active peptide with a molecular mass of 5,570 Da, corresponding to that predicted from the (processed) PlcA amino acid sequence. The plc gene cluster was cloned and expressed in Lactococcus lactis NZ9000, resulting in the production of an active 5,570-Da bacteriocin in the supernatant. PlcA is believed to be produced as a 91-amino-acid precursor with a 33-amino-acid leader peptide, which is predicted to be removed, followed by joining of the N and C termini via a covalent linkage to form the mature 58-amino-acid circular bacteriocin PlcA. We report the characterization of a circular bacteriocin produced by Lb. plantarum The inhibition displayed against A. acidoterrestris highlights its potential use as a preservative in food and beverages.IMPORTANCE In this work, we describe the purification and characterization of an antimicrobial peptide, termed plantaricyclin A (PlcA), produced by a Lactobacillus plantarum strain isolated from olives. This peptide has a circular structure, and all genes involved in its production, circularization, and secretion were identified. PlcA shows antimicrobial activity against different strains, including Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris, a common spoilage bacterium, which causes substantial economic losses in the beverage industry every year. In this study, we describe a circular antimicrobial peptide, PlcA, for a Lactobacillus plantarum strain.	1
Title: Natural noncanonical protein splicing yields products with diverse β-amino acid residues Abstract: Current textbook knowledge holds that the structural scope of ribosomal biosynthesis is based exclusively on α-amino acid backbone topology. Here we report the genome-guided discovery of bacterial pathways that posttranslationally create β-amino acid-containing products. The transformation is widespread in bacteria and is catalyzed by an enzyme belonging to a previously uncharacterized radical S-adenosylmethionine family. We show that the β-amino acids result from an unusual protein splicing process involving backbone carbon-carbon bond cleavage and net excision of tyramine. The reaction can be used to incorporate diverse and multiple β-amino acids into genetically encoded precursors in Escherichia coli In addition to enlarging the set of basic amino acid components, the excision generates keto functions that are useful as orthogonal reaction sites for chemical diversification.	1
Title: Production of High Amounts of Hepatotoxin Nodularin and New Protease Inhibitors Pseudospumigins by the Brazilian Benthic Nostoc sp. CENA543 Abstract: Nostoc is a cyanobacterial genus, common in soils and a prolific producer of natural products. This research project aimed to explore and characterize Brazilian cyanobacteria for new bioactive compounds. Here we report the production of hepatotoxins and new protease inhibitors from benthic Nostoc sp. CENA543 isolated from a small, shallow, saline-alkaline lake in the Nhecolândia, Pantanal wetland area in Brazil. Nostoc sp. CENA543 produces exceptionally high amounts of nodularin-R. This is the first free-living Nostoc that produces nodularin at comparable levels as the toxic, bloom-forming, Nodularia spumigena. We also characterized pseudospumigins A-F, which are a novel family of linear tetrapeptides. Pseudospumigins are structurally related to linear tetrapeptide spumigins and aeruginosins both present in N. spumigena but differ in respect to their diagnostic amino acid, which is Ile/Leu/Val in pseudospumigins, Pro/mPro in spumigins, and Choi in aeruginosins. The pseudospumigin gene cluster is more similar to the spumigin biosynthetic gene cluster than the aeruginosin gene cluster. Pseudospumigin A inhibited trypsin (IC50 4.5 μM after 1 h) in a similar manner as spumigin E from N. spumigena but was almost two orders of magnitude less potent. This study identifies another location and environment where the hepatotoxic nodularin has the potential to cause the death of eukaryotic organisms.	1
Title: Unravelling the biosynthesis of pyriculol in the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: Pyriculol was isolated from the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae and found to induce lesion formation on rice leaves. These findings suggest that it could be involved in virulence. The gene MoPKS19 was identified to encode a polyketide synthase essential for the production of the polyketide pyriculol in the rice blast fungus M. oryzae. The transcript abundance of MoPKS19 correlates with the biosynthesis rate of pyriculol in a time-dependent manner. Furthermore, gene inactivation of MoPKS19 resulted in a mutant unable to produce pyriculol, pyriculariol and their dihydro derivatives. Inactivation of a putative oxidase-encoding gene MoC19OXR1, which was found to be located in the genome close to MoPKS19, resulted in a mutant exclusively producing dihydropyriculol and dihydropyriculariol. By contrast, overexpression of MoC19OXR1 resulted in a mutant strain only producing pyriculol. The MoPKS19 cluster, furthermore, comprises two transcription factors MoC19TRF1 and MoC19TRF2, which were both found individually to act as negative regulators repressing gene expression of MoPKS19. Additionally, extracts of ΔMopks19 and ΔMoC19oxr1 made from axenic cultures failed to induce lesions on rice leaves compared to extracts of the wild-type strain. Consequently, pyriculol and its isomer pyriculariol appear to be the only lesion-inducing secondary metabolites produced by M. oryzae wild-type (MoWT) under these culture conditions. Interestingly, the mutants unable to produce pyriculol and pyriculariol were as pathogenic as MoWT, demonstrating that pyriculol is not required for infection.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Total Synthesis of Pyrronazol B: a Secondary Metabolite from Nannocystis pusilla Abstract: The first stereoselective total synthesis of the natural product pyrronazol B, which contains a chlorinated pyrrole-oxazole-pyrone framework, has been achieved. Genome sequencing of the myxobacterial producer strain Nannocystis pusilla Ari7 led to the identification of the putative biosynthetic gene cluster. The proposed biosynthetic pathway was supported by feeding experiments with stable isotopes of three biosynthetic building blocks, namely l-proline, l-serine, and l-methionine.	1
Title: Pyxipyrrolones: Structure Elucidation and Biosynthesis of Cytotoxic Myxobacterial Metabolites Abstract: In the search for new secondary metabolites from myxobacteria, a strain from the genus Pyxidicoccus was investigated. This led to the identification of a new class of natural products showing structural novelty and interesting biological activity. Isolation and structure elucidation of two analogues led to the identification of pyxipyrrolone A and B, harboring the novel 3-methylene-2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9-octahydro-1H-benzo[e]isoindol-1-one scaffold. Mosher's ester analysis combined with NMR studies allowed the determination of all stereocenters but one. Genome sequencing of the producer strain led to the identification of a putative biosynthetic gene cluster for the pyxipyrrolones. The compounds showed activity against several cancer cell lines (μm range) with pyxipyrrolone B having 2- to 11-fold higher activity than A, although they differ only by one methylene group.	1
Title: Intertwined Precursor Supply during Biosynthesis of the Catecholate-Hydroxamate Siderophores Qinichelins in Streptomyces sp. MBT76 Abstract: The explosive increase in genome sequencing and the advances in bioinformatic tools have revolutionized the rationale for natural product discovery from actinomycetes. In particular, this has revealed that actinomycete genomes contain numerous orphan gene clusters that have the potential to specify many yet unknown bioactive specialized metabolites, representing a huge unexploited pool of chemical diversity. Here, we describe the discovery of a novel group of catecholate-hydroxamate siderophores termed qinichelins (2-5) from Streptomyces sp. MBT76. Correlation between the metabolite levels and the protein expression profiles identified the biosynthetic gene cluster (named qch) most likely responsible for qinichelin biosynthesis. The structure of the molecules was elucidated by bioinformatics, mass spectrometry, and NMR. The genome of Streptomyces sp. MBT76 contains three gene clusters for the production of catecholate-peptide siderophores, including a separate cluster for the production of a shared catecholate precursor. In addition, an operon in the qch cluster was identified for the production of the ornithine precursor for qinichelins, independent of primary metabolism. This biosynthetic complexity provides new insights into the challenges scientists face when applying synthetic biology approaches for natural product discovery.	1
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster of the polyene macrolide antibiotic reedsmycins from a marine-derived Streptomyces strain Abstract: Background:                       Polyene antibiotics are important as antifungal medicines albeit with serious side effects such as nephrotoxicity. Reedsmycin (RDM) A (1), produced by marine-derived Streptomyces youssoufiensis OUC6819, is a non-glycosylated polyene macrolide antibiotic with antifungal activity comparable to that of clinically used nystatin. To elucidate its biosynthetic machinery, herein, the rdm biosynthetic gene cluster was cloned and characterized.                  Results:                       The rdm cluster is located within a 104 kb DNA region harboring 21 open reading frames (ORFs), among which 15 ORFs were designated as rdm genes. The assembly line for RDM A is proposed on the basis of module and domain analysis of the polyketide synthetases (PKSs) RdmGHIJ, which catalyze 16 rounds of decarboxylative condensation using malonyl-CoA as the starter unit (loading module), two methylmalonyl-CoA (module 1 and 2), and fourteen malonyl-CoA (module 3-16) as extender units successively. However, the predicted substrate specificity of AT0 in the loading module is methylmalonyl-CoA instead of malonyl-CoA. Interestingly, the rdm cluster contains a five-gene regulation system RdmACDEF, which is different from other reported polyene gene clusters. In vivo experiments demonstrated the XRE family regulator RdmA and the PAS/LuxR family regulator RdmF function in negative and positive manner, respectively. Notably, inactivation of rdmA and overexpression of rdmF led to increased production of RDM A by ~ 2.0-fold and ~ 2.5-fold, reaching yields of 155.3 ± 1.89 and 184.8 ± 9.93 mg/L, respectively.                  Conclusions:                       Biosynthesis of RDM A is accomplished on a linear assembly line catalyzed by Rdm PKSs harboring a unique AT0 under the control of a complex regulatory system. These findings enable generation of new biologically active RDM derivatives at high yield and with improved properties by engineered biosynthesis.	1
Title: Unearthing a sesterterpene biosynthetic repertoire in the Brassicaceae through genome mining reveals convergent evolution Abstract: Sesterterpenoids are a rare terpene class harboring untapped chemodiversity and bioactivities. Their structural diversity originates primarily from the scaffold-generating sesterterpene synthases (STSs). In fungi, all six known STSs are bifunctional, containing C-terminal trans-prenyltransferase (PT) and N-terminal terpene synthase (TPS) domains. In plants, two colocalized PT and TPS gene pairs from Arabidopsis thaliana were recently reported to synthesize sesterterpenes. However, the landscape of PT and TPS genes in plant genomes is unclear. Here, using a customized algorithm for systematically searching plant genomes, we reveal a suite of physically colocalized pairs of PT and TPS genes for the biosynthesis of a large sesterterpene repertoire in the wider Brassicaceae. Transient expression of seven TPSs from A. thaliana, Capsella rubella, and Brassica oleracea in Nicotiana benthamiana yielded fungal-type sesterterpenes with tri-, tetra-, and pentacyclic scaffolds, and notably (-)-ent-quiannulatene, an enantiomer of the fungal metabolite (+)-quiannulatene. Protein and structural modeling analysis identified an amino acid site implicated in structural diversification. Mutation of this site in one STS (AtTPS19) resulted in premature termination of carbocation intermediates and accumulation of bi-, tri-, and tetracyclic sesterterpenes, revealing the cyclization path for the pentacyclic sesterterpene (-)-retigeranin B. These structural and mechanistic insights, together with phylogenetic analysis, suggest convergent evolution of plant and fungal STSs, and also indicate that the colocalized PT-TPS gene pairs in the Brassicaceae may have originated from a common ancestral gene pair present before speciation. Our findings further provide opportunities for rapid discovery and production of sesterterpenes through metabolic and protein engineering.	1
Title: Elucidating the Rimosamide-Detoxin Natural Product Families and Their Biosynthesis Using Metabolite/Gene Cluster Correlations Abstract: As microbial genome sequencing becomes more widespread, the capacity of microorganisms to produce an immense number of metabolites has come into better view. Utilizing a metabolite/gene cluster correlation platform, the biosynthetic origins of a new family of natural products, the rimosamides, were discovered. The rimosamides were identified in Streptomyces rimosus and associated with their NRPS/PKS-type gene cluster based upon their high frequency of co-occurrence across 179 strains of actinobacteria. This also led to the discovery of the related detoxin gene cluster. The core of each of these families of natural products contains a depsipeptide bond at the point of bifurcation in their unusual branched structures, the origins of which are definitively assigned to nonlinear biosynthetic pathways via heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans. The rimosamides were found to antagonize the antibiotic activity of blasticidin S against Bacillus cereus.	1
Title: Non-enzymatic pyridine ring formation in the biosynthesis of the rubrolone tropolone alkaloids Abstract: The pyridine ring is a potent pharmacophore in alkaloid natural products. Nonetheless, its biosynthetic pathways are poorly understood. Rubrolones A and B are tropolone alkaloid natural products possessing a unique tetra-substituted pyridine moiety. Here, we report the gene cluster and propose a biosynthetic pathway for rubrolones, identifying a key intermediate that accumulates upon inactivation of sugar biosynthetic genes. Critically, this intermediate was converted to the aglycones of rubrolones by non-enzymatic condensation and cyclization with either ammonia or anthranilic acid to generate the respective pyridine rings. We propose that this non-enzymatic reaction occurs via hydrolysis of the key intermediate, which possesses a 1,5-dione moiety as an amine acceptor capable of cyclization. This study suggests that 1,5-dione moieties may represent a general strategy for pyridine ring biosynthesis, and more broadly highlights the utility of non-enzymatic diversification for exploring and expanding natural product chemical space.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a bacterial cytochrome P450 monooxygenase catalyzing the 3-nitration of tyrosine in rufomycin biosynthesis Abstract: Rufomycin is a circular heptapeptide with anti-mycobacterial activity and is produced by Streptomyces atratus ATCC 14046. Its structure contains three non-proteinogenic amino acids, N-dimethylallyltryptophan, trans-2-crotylglycine, and 3-nitrotyrosine (3NTyr). Although the rufomycin structure was already reported in the 1960s, its biosynthesis, including 3NTyr generation, remains unclear. To elucidate the rufomycin biosynthetic pathway, we assembled a draft genome sequence of S. atratus and identified the rufomycin biosynthetic gene cluster (ruf cluster), consisting of 20 ORFs (rufA-rufT). We found a putative heptamodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase encoded by rufT, a putative tryptophan N-dimethylallyltransferase encoded by rufP, and a putative trimodular type I polyketide synthase encoded by rufEF Moreover, the ruf cluster contains an apparent operon harboring putative cytochrome P450 (rufO) and nitric oxide synthase (rufN) genes. A similar operon, txtDE, is responsible for the formation of 4-nitrotryptophan in thaxtomin biosynthesis; the cytochrome P450 TxtE catalyzes the 4-nitration of Trp. Therefore, we hypothesized that RufO should catalyze the Tyr 3-nitration. Disruption of rufO abolished rufomycin production by S. atratus, which was restored when 3NTyr was added to the culture medium of the disruptant. Recombinant RufO protein exhibited Tyr 3-nitration activity both in vitro and in vivo Spectroscopic analysis further revealed that RufO recognizes Tyr as the substrate with a dissociation constant of ∼0.1 μm These results indicate that RufO is an unprecedented cytochrome P450 that catalyzes Tyr nitration. Taken together with the results of an in silico analysis of the ruf cluster, we propose a rufomycin biosynthetic pathway in S. atratus.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Amino Group Carrier Protein-Mediated Machinery: Discovery and Biosynthetic Characterization of a Natural Product with Unique Hydrazone Unit Abstract: We recently revealed that a Streptomyces strain possesses the gene encoding amino group carrier protein (AmCP). AmCP is involved in the biosynthesis of a previously unidentified nonproteinogenic amino acid, (2S,6R)-diamino-(5R,7)-dihydroxy-heptanoic acid (DADH), which is a core compound for the synthesis of the dipeptide-containing novel natural product vazabitide A. We used polymerase chain reaction (PCR) screening to investigate the diversity of the biosynthetic machinery that uses AmCP; the results revealed that genes encoding AmCP are widely distributed among actinomycetes. The heterologous expression of the AmCP-containing gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. SoC090715LN-17 led to the discovery of s56-p1, a novel natural product. The structure of s56-p1 was determined by spectroscopic analysis; the results revealed that s56-p1 has a putative DADH-derived molecule as the core and also possesses a unique hydrazone unit that is rarely observed in natural products. Our results pave the way for investigations of unexploited AmCP-mediated biosynthesis routes among actinomycetes and of the biosynthetic mechanism of the unique hydrazone unit.	1
Title: Function-related replacement of bacterial siderophore pathways Abstract: Bacterial genomes are rife with orphan biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) associated with secondary metabolism of unrealized natural product molecules. Often up to a tenth of the genome is predicted to code for the biosynthesis of diverse metabolites with mostly unknown structures and functions. This phenomenal diversity of BGCs coupled with their high rates of horizontal transfer raise questions about whether they are really active and beneficial, whether they are neutral and confer no advantage, or whether they are carried in genomes because they are parasitic or addictive. We previously reported that Salinispora bacteria broadly use the desferrioxamine family of siderophores for iron acquisition. Herein we describe a new and unrelated group of peptidic siderophores called salinichelins from a restricted number of Salinispora strains in which the desferrioxamine biosynthesis genes have been lost. We have reconstructed the evolutionary history of these two different siderophore families and show that the acquisition and retention of the new salinichelin siderophores co-occurs with the loss of the more ancient desferrioxamine pathway. This identical event occurred at least three times independently during the evolution of the genus. We surmise that certain BGCs may be extraneous because of their functional redundancy and demonstrate that the relative evolutionary pace of natural pathway replacement shows high selective pressure against retention of functionally superfluous gene clusters.	1
Title: Identification of the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase responsible for biosynthesis of the potential anti-cancer drug sansalvamide in Fusarium solani Abstract: Sansalvamide is a cyclic pentadepsipeptide produced by Fusarium solani and has shown promising results as potential anti-cancer drug. The biosynthetic pathway has until now remained unidentified, but here we used an Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation (ATMT) approach to generate knockout mutants of two candidate non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS29 and NRPS30). Comparative studies of secondary metabolites in the two deletion mutants and wild type confirmed the absence of sansalvamide in the NRPS30 deletion mutant, implicating this synthetase in the biosynthetic pathway for sansalvamide. Sansalvamide is structurally related to the cyclic hexadepsipeptide destruxin, which both contain an α-hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA) unit. A gene cluster responsible for destruxin production has previously been identified in Metarhizium robertsii together with a hypothetical biosynthetic pathway. Using comparative bioinformatic analyses of the catalytic domains in the destruxin and sansalvamide NRPSs, we were able to propose a model for sansalvamide biosynthesis. Orthologues of the gene clusters were also identified in species from several other genera including Acremonium chrysogenum and Trichoderma virens, which suggests that the ability to produce compounds related to destruxin and sansalvamide is widespread.	1
Title: Two Cooperative Glycosyltransferases Are Responsible for the Sugar Diversity of Saquayamycins Isolated from Streptomyces sp. KY 40-1 Abstract: Glycosyltransferases are key enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of valuable natural products providing an excellent drug-tailoring tool. Herein, we report the identification of two cooperative glycosyltransferases from the sqn gene cluster directing the biosynthesis of saquayamycins in Streptomyces sp. KY40-1: SqnG1 and SqnG2. Gene inactivation of sqnG1 leads to 50-fold decrease in saquayamycin production, while inactivation of sqnG2 leads to complete production loss, suggesting that SqnG2 acts as dual O- and C-glycosyltransferase. Gene inactivation of a third putative glycosyltransferase-encoding gene, sqnG3, does not affect saquayamycin production in a major way, suggesting that SqnG3 has no or a supportive role in glycosylation. The data indicate that SqnG1 and SqnG2 are solely and possibly cooperatively responsible for the sugar diversity observed in saquayamycins 1-7. This is the first evidence of a glycosyltransferase system showing codependence to achieve dual O- and C-glycosyltransferase activity, utilizing NDP-activated d-olivose, l-rhodinose, as well as an unusual amino sugar, presumably 3,6-dideoxy-l-idosamine.	1
Title: Identification of a biosynthetic gene cluster for the polyene macrolactam sceliphrolactam in a Streptomyces strain isolated from mangrove sediment Abstract: Streptomyces are a genus of Actinobacteria capable of producing structurally diverse natural products. Here we report the isolation and characterization of a biosynthetically talented Streptomyces (Streptomyces sp. SD85) from tropical mangrove sediments. Whole-genome sequencing revealed that Streptomyces sp. SD85 harbors at least 52 biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs), which constitute 21.2% of the 8.6-Mb genome. When cultivated under lab conditions, Streptomyces sp. SD85 produces sceliphrolactam, a 26-membered polyene macrolactam with unknown biosynthetic origin. Genome mining yielded a putative sceliphrolactam BGC (sce) that encodes a type I modular polyketide synthase (PKS) system, several β-amino acid starter biosynthetic enzymes, transporters, and transcriptional regulators. Using the CRISPR/Cas9-based gene knockout method, we demonstrated that the sce BGC is essential for sceliphrolactam biosynthesis. Unexpectedly, the PKS system encoded by sce is short of one module required for assembling the 26-membered macrolactam skeleton according to the collinearity rule. With experimental data disfavoring the involvement of a trans-PKS module, the biosynthesis of sceliphrolactam seems to be best rationalized by invoking a mechanism whereby the PKS system employs an iterative module to catalyze two successive chain extensions with different outcomes. The potential violation of the collinearity rule makes the mechanism distinct from those of other polyene macrolactams.	1
Title: The Swinholide Biosynthesis Gene Cluster from a Terrestrial Cyanobacterium, Nostoc sp. Strain UHCC 0450 Abstract: Swinholides are 42-carbon ring polyketides with a 2-fold axis of symmetry. They are potent cytotoxins that disrupt the actin cytoskeleton. Swinholides were discovered from the marine sponge Theonella sp. and were long suspected to be produced by symbiotic bacteria. Misakinolide, a structural variant of swinholide, was recently demonstrated to be the product of a symbiotic heterotrophic proteobacterium. Here, we report the production of swinholide A by an axenic strain of the terrestrial cyanobacterium Nostoc sp. strain UHCC 0450. We located the 85-kb trans-AT polyketide synthase (PKS) swinholide biosynthesis gene cluster from a draft genome of Nostoc sp. UHCC 0450. The swinholide and misakinolide biosynthesis gene clusters share an almost identical order of catalytic domains, with 85% nucleotide sequence identity, and they group together in phylogenetic analysis. Our results resolve speculation around the true producer of swinholides and demonstrate that bacteria belonging to two distantly related phyla both produce structural variants of the same natural product. In addition, we described a biosynthesis cluster from Anabaena sp. strain UHCC 0451 for the synthesis of the cytotoxic and antifungal scytophycin. All of these biosynthesis gene clusters were closely related to each other and created a group of cytotoxic macrolide compounds produced by trans-AT PKSs of cyanobacteria and proteobacteria.IMPORTANCE Many of the drugs in use today originate from natural products. New candidate compounds for drug development are needed due to increased drug resistance. An increased knowledge of the biosynthesis of bioactive compounds can be used to aid chemical synthesis to produce novel drugs. Here, we show that a terrestrial axenic culture of Nostoc cyanobacterium produces swinholides, which have been previously found only from marine sponge or samples related to them. Swinholides are polyketides with a 2-fold axis of symmetry, and they are potent cytotoxins that disrupt the actin cytoskeleton. We describe the biosynthesis gene clusters of swinholide from Nostoc cyanobacteria, as well as the related cytotoxic and antifungal scytophycin from Anabaena cyanobacteria, and we study the evolution of their trans-AT polyketide synthases. Interestingly, swinholide is closely related to misakinolide produced by a symbiotic heterotrophic proteobacterium, demonstrating that bacteria belonging to two distantly related phyla and different habitats can produce similar natural products.	1
Title: Selvamicin, an atypical antifungal polyene from two alternative genomic contexts Abstract: The bacteria harbored by fungus-growing ants produce a variety of small molecules that help maintain a complex multilateral symbiosis. In a survey of antifungal compounds from these bacteria, we discovered selvamicin, an unusual antifungal polyene macrolide, in bacterial isolates from two neighboring ant nests. Selvamicin resembles the clinically important antifungals nystatin A1 and amphotericin B, but it has several distinctive structural features: a noncationic 6-deoxymannose sugar at the canonical glycosylation site and a second sugar, an unusual 4-O-methyldigitoxose, at the opposite end of selvamicin's shortened polyene macrolide. It also lacks some of the pharmacokinetic liabilities of the clinical agents and appears to have a different target. Whole genome sequencing revealed the putative type I polyketide gene cluster responsible for selvamicin's biosynthesis including a subcluster of genes consistent with selvamicin's 4-O-methyldigitoxose sugar. Although the selvamicin biosynthetic cluster is virtually identical in both bacterial producers, in one it is on the chromosome, in the other it is on a plasmid. These alternative genomic contexts illustrate the biosynthetic gene cluster mobility that underlies the diversity and distribution of chemical defenses by the specialized bacteria in this multilateral symbiosis.	1
Title: d-Sedoheptulose-7-phosphate is a common precursor for the heptoses of septacidin and hygromycin B Abstract: Seven-carbon-chain-containing sugars exist in several groups of important bacterial natural products. Septacidin represents a group of l-heptopyranoses containing nucleoside antibiotics with antitumor, antifungal, and pain-relief activities. Hygromycin B, an aminoglycoside anthelmintic agent used in swine and poultry farming, represents a group of d-heptopyranoses-containing antibiotics. To date, very little is known about the biosynthesis of these compounds. Here we sequenced the genome of the septacidin producer and identified the septacidin gene cluster by heterologous expression. After determining the boundaries of the septacidin gene cluster, we studied septacidin biosynthesis by in vivo and in vitro experiments and discovered that SepB, SepL, and SepC can convert d-sedoheptulose-7-phosphate (S-7-P) to ADP-l-glycero-β-d-manno-heptose, exemplifying the involvement of ADP-sugar in microbial natural product biosynthesis. Interestingly, septacidin, a secondary metabolite from a gram-positive bacterium, shares the same ADP-heptose biosynthesis pathway with the gram-negative bacterium LPS. In addition, two acyltransferase-encoding genes sepD and sepH, were proposed to be involved in septacidin side-chain formation according to the intermediates accumulated in their mutants. In hygromycin B biosynthesis, an isomerase HygP can recognize S-7-P and convert it to ADP-d-glycero-β-d-altro-heptose together with GmhA and HldE, two enzymes from the Escherichia coli LPS heptose biosynthetic pathway, suggesting that the d-heptopyranose moiety of hygromycin B is also derived from S-7-P. Unlike the other S-7-P isomerases, HygP catalyzes consecutive isomerizations and controls the stereochemistry of both C2 and C3 positions.	1
Title: Heterologous Biosynthesis of Fungal Indole Sesquiterpene Sespendole Abstract: Indole sesquiterpene sespendole, which has been isolated from the filamentous fungus Pseudobotrytis terrestris FKA-25, is a specific inhibitor of lipid droplet synthesis in mouse macrophages. The biosynthetic pathway that involves genes encoding six enzymes (spdEMBQHJ) was elucidated through heterologous expression of spd genes in Aspergillus oryzae, biotransformation experiments, and in vitro enzymatic reactions with a recombinant protein, thereby revealing the mechanism underlying the characteristic modification on the indole ring, catalyzed by a set of prenyltransferase (SpdE)/cytochrome P450 (SpdJ) enzymes. Functional analysis of the homologous genes encoding these enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of lolitrem allowed a biosynthetic pathway for the bicyclic ring skeleton fused to the indole ring to be proposed.	1
Title: Molecular Cloning and Functional Analysis of Gene Clusters for the Biosynthesis of Indole-Diterpenes in Penicillium crustosum and P. janthinellum Abstract: The penitremane and janthitremane families of indole-diterpenes are abundant natural products synthesized by Penicillium crustosum and P. janthinellum. Using a combination of PCR, cosmid library screening, and Illumina sequencing we have identified gene clusters encoding enzymes for the synthesis of these compounds. Targeted deletion of penP in P. crustosum abolished the synthesis of penitrems A, B, D, E, and F, and led to accumulation of paspaline, a key intermediate for paxilline biosynthesis in P. paxilli. Similarly, deletion of janP and janD in P. janthinellum abolished the synthesis of prenyl-elaborated indole-diterpenes, and led to accumulation in the latter of 13-desoxypaxilline, a key intermediate for the synthesis of the structurally related aflatremanes synthesized by Aspergillus flavus. This study helps resolve the genetic basis for the complexity of indole-diterpene natural products found within the Penicillium and Aspergillus species. All indole-diterpene gene clusters identified to date have a core set of genes for the synthesis of paspaline and a suite of genes encoding multi-functional cytochrome P450 monooxygenases, FAD dependent monooxygenases, and prenyl transferases that catalyse various regio- and stereo- specific oxidations that give rise to the diversity of indole-diterpene products synthesized by this group of fungi.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Shearinine: Diversification of a Tandem Prenyl Moiety of Fungal Indole Diterpenes Abstract: The late-stage biosynthetic pathway of the indole diterpene shearinine involving four enzymatic reactions (JanQDOJ) was elucidated by an efficient heterologous expression system using Aspergillus oryzae. Key oxidative cyclization, forming a characteristic A/B bicyclic shearinine core by flavoprotein oxidase, was studied using a substrate analogue and a buffer containing H218O. These experimental data provided evidence that JanO catalyzes two-step oxidation via a hydroxylated product and that the JanO reaction involves the hydride-transfer mechanism.	1
Title: Discovery of the Showdomycin Gene Cluster from Streptomyces showdoensis ATCC 15227 Yields Insight into the Biosynthetic Logic of C-Nucleoside Antibiotics Abstract: Nucleoside antibiotics are a large class of pharmaceutically relevant chemical entities, which exhibit a broad spectrum of biological activities. Most nucleosides belong to the canonical N-nucleoside family, where the heterocyclic unit is connected to the carbohydrate through a carbon-nitrogen bond. However, atypical C-nucleosides were isolated from Streptomyces bacteria over 50 years ago, but the molecular basis for formation of these metabolites has been unknown. Here, we have sequenced the genome of S. showdoensis ATCC 15227 and identified the gene cluster responsible for showdomycin production. Key to the detection was the presence of sdmA, encoding an enzyme of the pseudouridine monophosphate glycosidase family, which could catalyze formation of the C-glycosidic bond. Sequence analysis revealed an unusual combination of biosynthetic genes, while inactivation and subsequent complementation of sdmA confirmed the involvement of the locus in showdomycin formation. The study provides the first steps toward generation of novel C-nucleosides by pathway engineering.	1
Title: An Engineered Allele of afsQ1 Facilitates the Discovery and Investigation of Cryptic Natural Products Abstract: New approaches to antimicrobial discovery are needed to address the growing threat of antibiotic resistance. The Streptomyces genus, a proven source of antibiotics, is recognized as having a large reservoir of untapped secondary metabolic genes, many of which are likely to produce uncharacterized compounds. However, most of these compounds are currently inaccessible, as they are not expressed under standard laboratory conditions. Here, we present a novel methodology for activating these "cryptic" metabolites by heterologously expressing a constitutively active pleiotropic regulator. By screening wild Streptomyces isolates, we identified the antibiotic siamycin-I, a lasso peptide that we show is active against multidrug pathogens. We further revealed that siamycin-I interferes with cell wall integrity via lipid II. This new technology has the potential to be broadly applied for use in the discovery of additional "cryptic" metabolites.	1
Title: Discovery of a Mosaic-Like Biosynthetic Assembly Line with a Decarboxylative Off-Loading Mechanism through a Combination of Genome Mining and Imaging Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster for the antiplasmodial natural product siphonazole was identified by using a combination of genome mining, imaging, and expression studies in the natural producer Herpetosiphon sp. B060. The siphonazole backbone is assembled from an unusual starter unit from the shikimate pathway that is extended by the action of polyketide synthases and non-ribosomal peptide synthetases with unusual domain structures, including several split modules and a large number of duplicated domains and domains predicted to be inactive. Product release proceeds through decarboxylation and dehydration independent of the thioesterase SphJ and yields the diene terminus of siphonazole. High variation in terms of codon-usage within the gene cluster, together with the dislocated domain organization, suggest a recent emergence in evolutionary terms.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of a biosynthetic gene cluster for tryptophan dimers in deep sea-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 03032 Abstract: Tryptophan dimers (TDs) are an important class of natural products with diverse bioactivities and share conserved biosynthetic pathways. We report the identification of a partial gene cluster (spm) responsible for the biosynthesis of a class of unusual TDs with non-planar skeletons including spiroindimicins (SPMs), indimicins (IDMs), and lynamicins (LNMs) from the deep-sea derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 03032. Bioinformatics analysis, targeted gene disruptions, and heterologous expression studies confirmed the involvement of the spm gene cluster in the biosynthesis of SPM/IDM/LNMs, and revealed the indispensable roles for the halogenase/reductase pair SpmHF, the amino acid oxidase SpmO, and the chromopyrrolic acid (CPA) synthase SpmD, as well as the positive regulator SpmR and the putative transporter SpmA. However, the spm gene cluster was unable to confer a heterologous host the ability to produce SPM/IDM/LNMs. In addition, the P450 enzyme SpmP and the monooxygenase SpmX2 were found to be non-relevant to the biosynthesis of SPM/IDM/LNMs. Sequence alignment and structure modeling suggested the lack of key conserved amino acid residues in the substrate-binding pocket of SpmP. Furthermore, feeding experiments in the non-producing ΔspmO mutant revealed several biosynthetic precursors en route to SPMs, indicating that key enzymes responsible for the biosynthesis of SPMs should be encoded by genes outside of the identified spm gene cluster. Finally, the biosynthetic pathways of SPM/IDM/LNMs are proposed to lay a basis for further insights into their intriguing biosynthetic machinery.	1
Title: Characterization of streptonigrin biosynthesis reveals a cryptic carboxyl methylation and an unusual oxidative cleavage of a N-C bond Abstract: Streptonigrin (STN, 1) is a highly functionalized aminoquinone alkaloid with broad and potent antitumor activity. Here, we reported the biosynthetic gene cluster of STN identified by genome scanning of a STN producer Streptomyces flocculus CGMCC4.1223. This cluster consists of 48 genes determined by a series of gene inactivations. On the basis of the structures of intermediates and shunt products accumulated from five specific gene inactivation mutants and feeding experiments, the biosynthetic pathway was proposed, and the sequence of tailoring steps was preliminarily determined. In this pathway, a cryptic methylation of lavendamycin was genetically and biochemically characterized to be catalyzed by a leucine carboxyl methyltransferase StnF2. A [2Fe-2S](2+) cluster-containing aromatic ring dioxygenase StnB1/B2 system was biochemically characterized to catalyze a regiospecific cleavage of the N-C8' bond of the indole ring of the methyl ester of lavendamycin. This work provides opportunities to illuminate the enzymology of novel reactions involved in this pathway and to create, using genetic and chemo-enzymatic methods, new streptonigrinoid analogues as potential therapeutic agents.	1
Title: Discovery, Biosynthesis, and Heterologous Production of Streptoseomycin, an Anti-Microaerophilic Bacteria Macrodilactone Abstract: Streptoseomycin (1), which is a rare macrodilactone with potent activities against microaerophilic bacteria, featuring a pentacyclic 5/14/10/6/6 ring system together with an ether bridge, was characterized by a combination of spectroscopic method and X-ray analysis from a marine Streptomyces seoulensis. Sequencing and characterization of a ∼76-kb biosynthetic gene cluster led to the proposition of the biosynthetic pathway of 1. Heterologous expression of the gene cluster using a BAC vector in Streptomyces chartreusis 1018 led to the successful production of 1.	1
Title: Functional Analysis of Cytochrome P450s Involved in Streptovaricin Biosynthesis and Generation of Anti-MRSA Analogues Abstract: The streptovaricins, chemically related to the rifamycins, are highly effective antibacterial agents, particularly against mycobacteria. Herein, a bioassay-guided investigation of Streptomyces spectabilis CCTCC M2017417 has led to the characterization of streptovaricins as potent compounds against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). We identified the streptovaricin biosynthetic gene cluster from S. spectabilis CCTCC M2017417 based on genomic sequencing and bioinformatic analysis. Targeted in-frame deletion of five cytochrome P450 genes (stvP1-P5) resulted in the identification of four new streptovaricin analogues and revealed the functions of these genes as follows: stvP1, stvP4, and stvP5 are responsible for the hydroxylation of C-20, Me-24, and C-28, respectively. stvP2 is possibly involved in formation of the methylenedioxy bridge, and stvP3, a conserved gene found in the biosynthetic cluster for naphthalenic ansamycins, might be related to the formation of a naphthalene ring. Biochemical verification of the hydroxylase activity of StvP1, StvP4, and StvP5 was performed, and StvP1 showed unexpected biocatalytic specificity and promiscuity. More importantly, anti-MRSA studies of streptovaricins and derivatives revealed significant structure-activity relationships (SARs): The hydroxyl group at C-28 plays a vital role in antibacterial activity. The hydroxyl group at C-20 substantially enhances activity in the absence of the methoxycarbonyl side chain at C-24, which can increase the activity regardless of the presence of a hydroxyl group at C-20. The inner lactone ring between C-21 and C-24 shows a positive effect on activity. This work provides meaningful information on the SARs of streptovaricins and demonstrates the utility of the engineering of streptovaricins to yield novel anti-MRSA molecules.	1
Title: Purification and Characterization of Suicin 65, a Novel Class I Type B Lantibiotic Produced by Streptococcus suis Abstract: Bacteriocins are antimicrobial peptides of bacterial origin that are considered as a promising alternative to the use of conventional antibiotics. Recently, our laboratory reported the purification and characterization of two lantibiotics, suicin 90-1330 and suicin 3908, produced by the swine pathogen and zoonotic agent Streptococcus suis (serotype 2). In this study, a novel bacteriocin produced by S. suis has been identified and characterized. The producing strain S. suis 65 (serotype 2) was found to belong to the sequence type 28, that includes strains known to be weakly or avirulent in a mouse model. The bacteriocin, whose production was only possible following growth on solid culture medium, was purified to homogeneity by cationic exchange and reversed-phase high-pressure liquid chromatography. The bacteriocin, named suicin 65, was heat, pH and protease resistant. Suicin 65 was active against all S. suis isolates tested, including antibiotic resistant strains. Amino acid sequencing of the purified bacteriocin by Edman degradation revealed the presence of modified amino acids suggesting a lantibiotic. Using the partial sequence obtained, a blast was performed against published genomes of S. suis and allowed to identify a putative lantibiotic locus in the genome of S. suis 89-1591. From this genome, primers were designed and the gene cluster involved in the production of suicin 65 by S. suis 65 was amplified by PCR. Sequence analysis revealed the presence of ten open reading frames, including a duplicate of the structural gene. The structural genes (sssA and sssA') of suicin 65 encodes a 25-amino acid residue leader peptide and a 26-amino acid residue mature peptide yielding an active bacteriocin with a deducted molecular mass of 3,005 Da. Mature suicin 65 showed a high degree of identity with class I type B lantibiotics (globular structure) produced by Streptococcus pyogenes (streptococcin FF22; 84.6%), Streptococcus macedonicus (macedocin ACA-DC 198; 84.6%), and Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis (lacticin 481; 74.1%). Further studies will evaluate the ability of suicin 65 or the producing strain to prevent experimental S. suis infections in pigs.	1
Title: Identification and Characterization of the Sulfazecin Monobactam Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: The monobactams, exemplified by the natural product sulfazecin, are the only class of β-lactam antibiotics not inactivated by metallo-β-lactamases, which confer bacteria with extended-spectrum β-lactam resistance. We screened a transposon mutagenesis library from Pseudomonas acidophila ATCC 31363 and isolated a sulfazecin-deficient mutant that revealed a gene cluster encoding two non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), a methyltransferase, a sulfotransferase, and a dioxygenase. Three modules and an aberrant C-terminal thioesterase (TE) domain are distributed across the two NRPSs. Biochemical examination of the adenylation (A) domains provided evidence that L-2,3-diaminopropionate, not L-serine as previously thought, is the direct source of the β-lactam ring of sulfazecin. ATP/PPi exchange assay also revealed an unusual substrate selectivity shift of one A domain when expressed with or without the immediately upstream condensation domain. Gene inactivation analysis defined a cluster of 13 open reading frames sufficient for sulfazecin production, precursor synthesis, self-resistance, and regulation. The identification of a key intermediate supported a proposed NRPS-mediated mechanism of sulfazecin biosynthesis and β-lactam ring formation distinct from the nocardicins, another NRPS-derived subclass of monocyclic β-lactam. These findings will serve as the basis for further biosynthetic research and potential engineering of these important antibiotics.	1
Title: Discovery of a Cryptic Antifungal Compound from Streptomyces albus J1074 Using High-Throughput Elicitor Screens Abstract: An important unresolved issue in microbial secondary metabolite production is the abundance of biosynthetic gene clusters that are not expressed under typical laboratory growth conditions. These so-called silent or cryptic gene clusters are sources of new natural products, but how they are silenced, and how they may be rationally activated are areas of ongoing investigation. We recently devised a chemogenetic high-throughput screening approach ("HiTES") to discover small molecule elicitors of silent biosynthetic gene clusters. This method was successfully applied to a Gram-negative bacterium; it has yet to be implemented in the prolific antibiotic-producing streptomycetes. Herein we have developed a high-throughput transcriptional assay format in Streptomyces spp. by leveraging eGFP, inserted both at a neutral site and inside the biosynthetic cluster of interest, as a read-out for secondary metabolite synthesis. Using this approach, we successfully used HiTES to activate a silent gene cluster in Streptomyces albus J1074. Our results revealed the cytotoxins etoposide and ivermectin as potent inducers, allowing us to isolate and structurally characterize 14 novel small molecule products of the chosen cluster. One of these molecules is a novel antifungal, while several others inhibit a cysteine protease implicated in cancer. Studies addressing the mechanism of induction by the two elicitors led to the identification of a pathway-specific transcriptional repressor that silences the gene cluster under standard growth conditions. The successful application of HiTES will allow future interrogations of the biological regulation and chemical output of the countless silent gene clusters in Streptomyces spp.	1
Title: Swainsonine Biosynthesis Genes in Diverse Symbiotic and Pathogenic Fungi Abstract: Swainsonine-a cytotoxic fungal alkaloid and a potential cancer therapy drug-is produced by the insect pathogen and plant symbiont Metarhizium robertsii, the clover pathogen Slafractonia leguminicola, locoweed symbionts belonging to Alternaria sect. Undifilum, and a recently discovered morning glory symbiont belonging to order Chaetothyriales. Genome sequence analyses revealed that these fungi share orthologous gene clusters, designated "SWN," which included a multifunctional swnK gene comprising predicted adenylylation and acyltransferase domains with their associated thiolation domains, a β-ketoacyl synthase domain, and two reductase domains. The role of swnK was demonstrated by inactivating it in M. robertsii through homologous gene replacement to give a ∆swnK mutant that produced no detectable swainsonine, then complementing the mutant with the wild-type gene to restore swainsonine biosynthesis. Other SWN cluster genes were predicted to encode two putative hydroxylases and two reductases, as expected to complete biosynthesis of swainsonine from the predicted SwnK product. SWN gene clusters were identified in six out of seven sequenced genomes of Metarhzium species, and in all 15 sequenced genomes of Arthrodermataceae, a family of fungi that cause athlete's foot and ringworm diseases in humans and other mammals. Representative isolates of all of these species were cultured, and all Metarhizium spp. with SWN clusters, as well as all but one of the Arthrodermataceae, produced swainsonine. These results suggest a new biosynthetic hypothesis for this alkaloid, extending the known taxonomic breadth of swainsonine producers to at least four orders of Ascomycota, and suggest that swainsonine has roles in mutualistic symbioses and diseases of plants and animals.	1
Title: Identification of a gene cluster for telomestatin biosynthesis and heterologous expression using a specific promoter in a clean host Abstract: Telomestatin, a strong telomerase inhibitor with G-quadruplex stabilizing activity, is a potential therapeutic agent for treating cancers. Difficulties in isolating telomestatin from microbial cultures and in chemical synthesis are bottlenecks impeding the wider use. Therefore, improvement in telomestatin production and structural diversification are required for further utilization and application. Here, we discovered the gene cluster responsible for telomestatin biosynthesis, and achieved production of telomestatin by heterologous expression of this cluster in the engineered Streptomyces avermitilis SUKA strain. Utilization of an optimal promoter was essential for successful production. Gene disruption studies revealed that the tlsB, tlsC, and tlsO-T genes play key roles in telomestatin biosynthesis. Moreover, exchanging TlsC core peptide sequences resulted in the production of novel telomestatin derivatives. This study sheds light on the expansion of chemical diversity of natural peptide products for drug development.	1
Title: A pathogenesis-related 10 protein catalyzes the final step in thebaine biosynthesis Abstract: The ultimate step in the formation of thebaine, a pentacyclic opiate alkaloid readily converted to the narcotic analgesics codeine and morphine in the opium poppy, has long been presumed to be a spontaneous reaction. We have detected and purified a novel enzyme from opium poppy latex that is capable of the efficient formation of thebaine from (7S)-salutaridinol 7-O-acetate at the expense of labile hydroxylated byproducts, which are preferentially produced by spontaneous allylic elimination. Remarkably, thebaine synthase (THS), a member of the pathogenesis-related 10 protein (PR10) superfamily, is encoded within a novel gene cluster in the opium poppy genome that also includes genes encoding the four biosynthetic enzymes immediately upstream. THS is a missing component that is crucial to the development of fermentation-based opiate production and dramatically improves thebaine yield in engineered yeast.	1
Title: Watasemycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces venezuelae: thiazoline C-methylation by a type B radical-SAM methylase homologue Abstract: 2-Hydroxyphenylthiazolines are a family of iron-chelating nonribosomal peptide natural products that function as virulence-conferring siderophores in various Gram-negative bacteria. They have also been reported as metabolites of Gram-positive Streptomyces species. Transcriptional analyses of Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 10712 revealed that its genome contains a putative 2-hydroxyphenylthiazoline biosynthetic gene cluster. Heterologous expression of the gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor M1152 showed that the mono- and dimethylated derivatives, thiazostatin and watasemycin, respectively, of the 2-hydroxyphenylthiazoline enantiopyochelin are two of its metabolic products. In addition, isopyochelin, a novel isomer of pyochelin containing a C-methylated thiazolidine, was identified as a third metabolic product of the cluster. Metabolites with molecular formulae corresponding to aerugine and pulicatins A/B were also detected. The structure and stereochemistry of isopyochelin were confirmed by comparison with synthetic standards. The role of two genes in the cluster encoding homologues of PchK, which is proposed to catalyse thiazoline reduction in the biosynthesis of enantiopyochelin in Pseudomonas protegens, was investigated. One was required for the production of all the metabolic products of the cluster, whereas the other appears not to be involved in the biosynthesis of any of them. Deletion of a gene in the cluster encoding a type B radical-SAM methylase homologue abolished the production of watasemycin, but not thiazostatin or isopyochelin. Feeding of thiazostatin to the mutant lacking the functional PchK homologue resulted in complete conversion to watasemycin, demonstrating that thiazoline C-methylation by the type B radical-SAM methylase homologue is the final step in watasemycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Thioholgamides: Thioamide-Containing Cytotoxic RiPP Natural Products Abstract: Thioviridamide is a structurally unique ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide that contains several thioamide bonds and is active against a number of cancer cell lines. In the search for naturally occurring thioviridamide analogs, we employed genome mining that led to the identification of several related gene clusters. Chemical screening followed by cultivation and isolation yielded thioholgamides A and B, two new additions to the thioviridamide family with several amino acid substitutions, a different N-capping moiety, and with one less thioamide bond. Thioholgamides display improved cytotoxicity in the submicromolar range against a range of cell lines and an IC50 of 30 nM for thioholgamide A against HCT-116 cells. Herein, we report the isolation and structural elucidation of thioholgamides A and B, a proposed biosynthetic cluster for their production, and their bioactivities against a larger panel of microorganisms and cancer cell lines.	1
Title: Genome Mining and Activation of a Silent PKS/NRPS Gene Cluster Direct the Production of Totopotensamides Abstract: A 92 kb silent hybrid polyketide and nonribosomal peptide gene cluster in marine-derived Streptomyces pactum SCSIO 02999 was activated by genetically manipulating the regulatory genes, including the knockout of two negative regulators (totR5 and totR3) and overexpression of a positive regulator totR1, to direct the production of the known totopotensamides (TPMs) A (1) and B (3) and a novel sulfonate-containing analogue TPM C (2). Inactivation of totG led to accumulation of TPM B (3) lacking the glycosyl moiety, which indicated TotG as a dedicated glycosyltransferase in the biosynthesis of 1 and 2.	1
Title: Characterization of representative rpoB gene mutations leading to a significant change in toyocamycin production of Streptomyces diastatochromogenes 1628 Abstract: Modification of enzymes involved in transcription- or translation-processes is an interesting way to increase secondary metabolite production in Streptomycetes. However, application of such methods has not been widely described for strains which produce nucleoside antibiotics. The nucleoside antibiotic toyocamycin (TM) is produced by Streptomyces diastatochromogenes 1628. For improving TM production in S. diastatochromogenes 1628, the strain was spread on rifamycin-resistant (Rif(r)) medium. Several spontaneous mutants were obtained with mutations in the rpoB gene which encodes a RNA polymerase β-subunit. The mutants which showed increased TM production were detected at a frequency of 7.5 % among the total Rif(r) mutants. Mutant 1628-T15 harboring amino acid substitution His437Arg was the best TM producer with a 4.5-fold increase in comparison to that of the wild-type strain. The worst producer was mutant 1628-T62 which also showed a poor sporulation behavior. RT-PCR was performed to study the transcription levels of the TM biosynthetic gene toyG in the parental strain as well as in mutants 1628-T15 and 1628-T62. The transcriptional level of toyG was higher in mutant 1628-T15 than that in parental strain 1628, while much lower in mutant 1628-T62. In mutant strain 1628-T62 the expression of adpA sd gene, which is required for morphological differentiation, was also much lower. Our studies also indicate that the introduction of mutations into rpoB is an effective strategy to improve the production of TM which is an important nucleoside antibiotic.	1
Title: Genetic and Biochemical Characterization of a Gene Operon for trans-Aconitic Acid, a Novel Nematicide from Bacillus thuringiensis Abstract: trans-Aconitic acid (TAA) is an isomer of cis-aconitic acid (CAA), an intermediate of the tricarboxylic acid cycle that is synthesized by aconitase. Although TAA production has been detected in bacteria and plants for many years and is known to be a potent inhibitor of aconitase, its biosynthetic origins and the physiological relevance of its activity have remained unclear. We have serendipitously uncovered key information relevant to both of these questions. Specifically, in a search for novel nematicidal factors from Bacillus thuringiensis, a significant nematode pathogen harboring many protein virulence factors, we discovered a high yielding component that showed activity against the plant-parasitic nematode Meloidogyne incognita and surprisingly identified it as TAA. Comparison with CAA, which displayed a much weaker nematicidal effect, suggested that TAA is specifically synthesized by B. thuringiensis as a virulence factor. Analysis of mutants deficient in plasmids that were anticipated to encode virulence factors allowed us to isolate a TAA biosynthesis-related (tbr) operon consisting of two genes, tbrA and tbrB We expressed the corresponding proteins, TbrA and TbrB, and characterized them as an aconitate isomerase and TAA transporter, respectively. Bioinformatics analysis of the TAA biosynthetic gene cluster revealed the association of the TAA genes with transposable elements relevant for horizontal gene transfer as well as a distribution across B. cereus bacteria and other B. thuringiensis strains, suggesting a general role for TAA in the interactions of B. cereus group bacteria with nematode hosts in the soil environment. This study reveals new bioactivity for TAA and the TAA biosynthetic pathway, improving our understanding of virulence factors employed by B. thuringiensis pathogenesis and providing potential implications for nematode management applications.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Trehangelin in Polymorphospora rubra K07-0510: Identification of Metabolic Pathway to Angelyl-CoA Abstract: Trehangelins are trehalose angelates discovered from endophytic actinomycete Polymorphospora rubra K07-0510. We identified the trehangelin biosynthetic gene cluster, including genes that encode a glycoside hydrolase-like protein (thgC), α-amylase (thgD), 3-ketoacyl-ACP synthase III (thgI), 3-ketoacyl-ACP reductase (thgK), enoyl-CoA hydratase (thgH) and acyl transferase (thgJ). Heterologous expression of thgH, thgI, thgJ and thgK confirmed the importance of these genes in the biosynthesis of trehangelin A. Enzymatic activity studies showed that ThgI catalyses the condensation of acetyl-CoA and methylmalonyl-CoA to 2-methylacetoacetyl-CoA (MAA-CoA), ThgK catalyses NADPH-dependent reduction of MAA-CoA to 3-hydroxy-2-methylbutyryl-CoA (HMB-CoA) and ThgH catalyses the dehydration of HMB-CoA to angelyl-CoA (AN-CoA). This is the first report on the elucidation of the enzymatic formation of AN-CoA.	1
Title: Screening of putative oxygenase genes in the Fusarium graminearum genome sequence database for their role in trichothecene biosynthesis Abstract: In the biosynthesis of type B trichothecenes, four oxygenation steps remain to have genes functionally assigned to them. On the basis of the complete genome sequence of Fusarium graminearum, expression patterns of all oxygenase genes were investigated in Fusarium asiaticum (F. graminearum lineage 6). As a result, we identified five cytochrome P450 monooxygenase (CYP) genes that are specifically expressed under trichothecene-producing conditions and are unique to the toxin-producing strains. The entire coding regions of four of these genes were identified in F. asiaticum. When expressed in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, none of the oxygenases were able to transform trichodiene-11-one to expected products. However, one of the oxygenases catalyzed the 2beta-hydroxylation rather than the expected 2alpha-hydroxylation. Targeted disruption of the five CYP genes did not alter the trichothecene profiles of F. asiaticum. The results are discussed in relation to the presence of as-yet-unidentified oxygenation genes that are necessary for the biosynthesis of trichothecenes.	1
Title: Fusarium Tri4 encodes a key multifunctional cytochrome P450 monooxygenase for four consecutive oxygenation steps in trichothecene biosynthesis Abstract: Fusarium Tri4 encodes a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase (CYP) for hydroxylation at C-2 of the first committed intermediate trichodiene (TDN) in the biosynthesis of trichothecenes. To examine whether this CYP further participates in subsequent oxygenation steps leading to isotrichotriol (4), we engineered Saccharomyces cerevisiae for de novo production of the early intermediates by introducing cDNAs of Fusarium graminearum Tri5 (FgTri5 encoding TDN synthase) and Tri4 (FgTri4). From a culture of the engineered yeast grown on induction medium (final pH 2.7), we identified two intermediates, 2alpha-hydroxytrichodiene (1) and 12,13-epoxy-9,10-trichoene-2alpha-ol (2), and a small amount of non-Fusarium trichothecene 12,13-epoxytrichothec-9-ene (EPT). Other intermediates isotrichodiol (3) and 4 were identified in the transgenic yeasts grown on phosphate-buffered induction medium (final pH 5.5-6.0). When Trichothecium roseum Tri4 (TrTri4) was used in place of FgTri4, 4 was not detected in the culture. The three intermediates, 1, 2, and 3, were converted to 4,15-diacetylnivalenol (4,15-diANIV) when fed to a toxin-deficient mutant of F. graminearum with the FgTri4+ genetic background (viz., by introducing a FgTri5- mutation), but were not metabolized by an FgTri4- mutant. These results provide unambiguous evidence that FgTri4 encodes a multifunctional CYP for epoxidation at C-12,13, hydroxylation at C-11, and hydroxylation at C-3 in addition to hydroxylation at C-2.	1
Title: Genetically engineered Fusarium as a tool to evaluate the effects of environmental factors on initiation of trichothecene biosynthesis Abstract: Fusarium graminearum was engineered for expression of enhanced green fluorescent protein gene (egfp) as a reporter regulated in a manner similar to Tri5, a key pathway gene in trichothecene biosynthesis. Using the transgenic fungus, it was found that the reporter gene was induced to express in aerial hyphae developed on trichothecene noninducing medium YG solidified by agar. Unexpectedly, the transcriptional activation of egfp was markedly suppressed by adding NaCl that does not significantly affect fungal growth. As suggested by these findings, wild-type F. graminearum that formed aerial hyphae on YG agar plates produced trichothecenes and the production was effectively suppressed by adding 1% NaCl to the agar. To evaluate the effects of abiotic stress on the expression of trichothecene biosynthesis (Tri) genes, a sensitive plate assay was established using GYEP medium (which very weakly induces trichothecene production) solidified with gellan gum. Using this assay, triazole fungicides were shown to cause transcriptional activation of egfp at sublethal concentrations. Indeed, trichothecene production significantly increased when F. graminearum was grown in rice medium (which moderately induces trichothecene) amended with low doses of tebuconazole. The real-time monitoring system described here may help predict the risks of trichothecene contamination by the fungus under various environmental conditions.	1
Title: Involvement of the osmosensor histidine kinase and osmotic stress-activated protein kinases in the regulation of secondary metabolism in Fusarium graminearum Abstract: Fusarium graminearum produces trichothecenes in aerial hyphae, a process which is markedly suppressed by NaCl without a significant effect on fungal growth. Here we report on the involvement of kinases of the two-component osmotic signal transduction pathway in the regulation of secondary metabolism in F. graminearum. While a deletion null mutant of FgOs1 (encoding the osmosensor histidine kinase) (deltaFgOs1) produced a reduced amount of the red pigment aurofusarin and was unaltered in its ability to produce trichothecenes, deletion null mutants of FgOs4 (encoding mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase; MAPKKK), FgOs5 (MAPKK), and FgOs2 (MAPK) showed markedly enhanced pigmentation and failed to produce trichothecenes in aerial hyphae. Also, the transcript levels of PKS12 and GIP2 (aurofusarin biosynthetic pathway and regulatory genes, respectively) were significantly enhanced in the deltaFgOs4, deltaFgOs5, and deltaFgOs2 mutants and were reduced in the deltaFgOs1 mutant. In addition, expression of Tri4 and Tri6 (trichothecene biosynthetic pathway and regulatory genes) and production of trichothecenes in rice medium were markedly reduced in the former three protein kinase mutants. This is the first report demonstrating the involvement of a MAPK in the regulation of secondary metabolism.	1
Title: 4-O-acetylation and 3-O-acetylation of trichothecenes by trichothecene 15-O-acetyltransferase encoded by Fusarium Tri3 Abstract: In the biosynthesis of Fusarium trichothecenes, the C-3 hydroxyl group of isotrichodermol must be acetylated by TRI101 for subsequent pathway genes to function. Despite the importance of this 3-O-acetylation step in biosynthesis, Tri101 is both physically and evolutionarily unrelated to other Tri genes in the trichothecene gene cluster. To gain insight into the evolutionary history of the cluster, we purified recombinant TRI3 (rTRI3), one of the two cluster gene-encoded trichothecene O-acetyltransferases, and examined to determine whether this 15-O-acetyltransferase can add an acetyl to the C-3 hydroxyl group of isotrichodermol. When a high concentration of rTRI3 was used in the assay (final concentration, 50 microM), we observed 3-O-acetylation activity against isotrichodermol that was more than 10(5) times less efficient than the known 15-O-acetylation activity against 15-deacetylcalonectrin. The rTRI3 protein also exhibited 4-O-acetylation activity when nivalenol was used as a substrate; in addition to 15-acetylnivalenol, di-acetylated derivatives, 4,15-diacetylnivalenol, and, to a lesser extent, 3,15-diacetylnivalenol, were also detected at high enzyme concentrations. The significance of the trace trichothecene 3-O-acetyltransferase activity detected in rTRI3 is discussed in relation to the evolution of the trichothecene gene cluster.	1
Title: Hydroxylations of trichothecene rings in the biosynthesis of Fusarium trichothecenes: evolution of alternative pathways in the nivalenol chemotype Abstract: Fusarium sporotrichioides genes FsTri11, FsTri13, and FsTri1 encode cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (CYPs) responsible for hydroxylations at C-15, C-4, and C-8 of the trichothecene skeleton, respectively. However, the corresponding genes of nivalenol (NIV)-chemotype Fusarium graminearum remain to be functionally elucidated. In this study, we characterized the roles of these CYPs in NIV biosynthesis. Analyses of the metabolites of the F. graminearum Fgtri11- mutant, a disruptant of FgTri11 encoding isotrichodermin (ITD) C-15 hydroxylase, revealed a small amount of NIV-type trichothecenes suggesting that an alternative C-15 hydroxylase partially complemented FgTRI11p. In contrast, the C-7/C-8 hydroxylations depended solely on FgTRI1p, as suggested by the metabolite profiles of the Fgtri11- Fgtri1- double gene disruptant. Disruption of FgTri1 in both the wild-type and Fgtri13- mutant backgrounds revealed that FgTRI13p exhibits marginal activity toward calonectrin (CAL) and that it was the only C-4 hydroxylase. In addition, feeding experiments demonstrated that the C-4 hydroxylation of a 7-hydroxytrichothecene lacking C-8 ketone was extremely limited. The marginal activity of FgTRI13p toward CAL was advantageous for the C-7/C-8 hydroxylation steps in NIV biosynthesis, as transformation of a C-4 oxygenated trichothecene lacking C-7/C-8 modifications into NIV-type trichothecenes was quite inefficient. The significance of hydroxylation steps in the evolution of Fusarium trichothecenes is discussed.	1
Title: Chemoenzymatic Total Synthesis and Structural Diversification of Tylactone-Based Macrolide Antibiotics through Late-Stage Polyketide Assembly, Tailoring, and C-H Functionalization Abstract: Polyketide synthases (PKSs) represent a powerful catalytic platform capable of effecting multiple carbon-carbon bond forming reactions and oxidation state adjustments. We explored the functionality of two terminal PKS modules that produce the 16-membered tylosin macrocycle, using them as biocatalysts in the chemoenzymatic synthesis of tylactone and its subsequent elaboration to complete the first total synthesis of the juvenimicin, M-4365, and rosamicin classes of macrolide antibiotics via late-stage diversification. Synthetic chemistry was employed to generate the tylactone hexaketide chain elongation intermediate that was accepted by the juvenimicin (Juv) ketosynthase of the penultimate JuvEIV PKS module. The hexaketide is processed through two complete modules (JuvEIV and JuvEV) in vitro, which catalyze elongation and functionalization of two ketide units followed by cyclization of the resulting octaketide into tylactone. After macrolactonization, a combination of in vivo glycosylation, selective in vitro cytochrome P450-mediated oxidation, and chemical oxidation was used to complete the scalable construction of a series of macrolide natural products in as few as 15 linear steps (21 total) with an overall yield of 4.6%.	1
Title: Discovery of the Tyrobetaine Natural Products and Their Biosynthetic Gene Cluster via Metabologenomics Abstract: Natural products (NPs) are a rich source of medicines, but traditional discovery methods are often unsuccessful due to high rates of rediscovery. Genetic approaches for NP discovery are promising, but progress has been slow due to the difficulty of identifying unique biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) and poor gene expression. We previously developed the metabologenomics method, which combines genomic and metabolomic data to discover new NPs and their BGCs. Here, we utilize metabologenomics in combination with molecular networking to discover a novel class of NPs, the tyrobetaines: nonribosomal peptides with an unusual trimethylammonium tyrosine residue. The BGC for this unusual class of compounds was identified using metabologenomics and computational structure prediction data. Heterologous expression confirmed the BGC and suggests an unusual mechanism for trimethylammonium formation. Overall, the discovery of the tyrobetaines shows the great potential of metabologenomics combined with molecular networking and computational structure prediction for identifying interesting biosynthetic reactions and novel NPs.	1
Title: Genomics-Driven Discovery of Chlorinated Cyclic Hexapeptides Ulleungmycins A and B from a Streptomyces Species Abstract: Analysis of the genome sequence of Streptomyces sp. KCB13F003 showed the presence of a cryptic gene cluster encoding flavin-dependent halogenase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase. Pleiotropic approaches using multiple culture media followed by LC-MS-guided isolation and spectroscopic analysis enabled the identification of two new chlorinated cyclic hexapeptides, ulleungmycins A and B (1 and 2). Their structures, including absolute configurations, were determined by 1D and 2D NMR techniques, advanced Marfey's analysis, and GITC derivatization. The new peptides, featuring unusual amino acids 5-chloro-l-tryptophan and d-homoleucine, exhibited moderate antibacterial activities against Gram-positive pathogenic bacteria including methicillin-resistant and quinolone-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.	1
Title: A scalable platform to identify fungal secondary metabolites and their gene clusters Abstract: The genomes of filamentous fungi contain up to 90 biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) encoding diverse secondary metabolites-an enormous reservoir of untapped chemical potential. However, the recalcitrant genetics, cryptic expression, and unculturability of these fungi prevent scientists from systematically exploiting these gene clusters and harvesting their products. As heterologous expression of fungal BGCs is largely limited to the expression of single or partial clusters, we established a scalable process for the expression of large numbers of full-length gene clusters, called FAC-MS. Using fungal artificial chromosomes (FACs) and metabolomic scoring (MS), we screened 56 secondary metabolite BGCs from diverse fungal species for expression in Aspergillus nidulans. We discovered 15 new metabolites and assigned them with confidence to their BGCs. Using the FAC-MS platform, we extensively characterized a new macrolactone, valactamide A, and its hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase (NRPS-PKS). The ability to regularize access to fungal secondary metabolites at an unprecedented scale stands to revitalize drug discovery platforms with renewable sources of natural products.	1
Title: Amino-group carrier-protein-mediated secondary metabolite biosynthesis in Streptomyces Abstract: Amino-group carrier proteins (AmCPs) mediate the biosynthesis of lysine and arginine in some bacteria and archaea. Here we demonstrate that an uncharacterized AmCP-mediated biosynthetic system functions to biosynthesize the previously uncharacterized and nonproteinogenic amino acid (2S,6R)-diamino-(5R,7)-dihydroxy-heptanoic acid (DADH) in Streptomyces sp. SANK 60404. DADH is incorporated into a novel peptide metabolite, vazabitide A, featuring an azabicyclo-ring structure, by nonribosomal peptide synthetases and successive modification enzymes in this bacterium. As the AmCP-mediated machinery for DADH biosynthesis is widely distributed in bacteria, further analysis of uncharacterized AmCP-containing gene clusters will lead to the discovery of novel bioactive compounds and novel biosynthetic enzymes.	1
Title: Discovery of Unusual Biaryl Polyketides by Activation of a Silent Streptomyces venezuelae Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Comparative transcriptional profiling of a ΔbldM mutant of Streptomyces venezuelae with its unmodified progenitor revealed that the expression of a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster containing both type I and type III polyketide synthase genes is activated in the mutant. The 29.5 kb gene cluster, which was predicted to encode an unusual biaryl metabolite, which we named venemycin, and potentially halogenated derivatives, contains 16 genes including one-vemR-that encodes a transcriptional activator of the large ATP-binding LuxR-like (LAL) family. Constitutive expression of vemR in the ΔbldM mutant led to the production of sufficient venemycin for structural characterisation, confirming its unusual biaryl structure. Co-expression of the venemycin biosynthetic gene cluster and vemR in the heterologous host Streptomyces coelicolor also resulted in venemycin production. Although the gene cluster encodes two halogenases and a flavin reductase, constitutive expression of all three genes led to the accumulation only of a monohalogenated venemycin derivative, both in the native producer and the heterologous host. A competition experiment in which equimolar quantities of sodium chloride and sodium bromide were fed to the venemycin-producing strains resulted in the preferential incorporation of bromine, thus suggesting that bromide is the preferred substrate for one or both halogenases.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the verticillin biosynthetic gene cluster in Clonostachys rogersoniana Abstract: Verticillin is one of the dimeric epipolythiodioxopiperazines (ETPs) which are toxic secondary metabolites produced only by fungi. ETPs have received substantial attention since its complex molecular architecture and a wide range of biological activities. Although biosynthesis of the monomeric gliotoxin has been studied extensively, the biosynthetic pathway of dimeric ETPs is far from being studied. To investigate the biosynthesis of dimeric ETPs and expand our understanding of their dimerization, the verticillin biosynthetic gene cluster (ver) was identified and cloned from a genomic DNA fosmid library of the Cordyceps-colonizing fungus Clonostachys rogersoniana with the designed primers based on the sequence of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) ChaP which was predicted to be responsible for chaetocin biosynthesis in Chaetomium virescens. To validate it, the chaP homologous gene verP in the ver cluster was disrupted. HPLC-MS analysis demonstrated that the verP disruption mutant (ΔverP) completely abolished verticillin production, and it could be restored by introducing a copy of the wild-type verP gene. Further gene disruptions and chemical analysis demonstrated that most genes of this ver cluster were essential for verticillin biosynthesis. Intriguingly, disruption of verP almost abolished the conidiation of Clonostachys rogersoniana and it was partially restored by addition of the fermentation extract which contains verticillin, implying that verticillin or its intermediate plays a role in the Cordyceps-colonizing fungal morphological differentiation.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Heterologous Production of Vioprolides: Rational Biosynthetic Engineering and Unprecedented 4-Methylazetidinecarboxylic Acid Formation Abstract: Vioprolides are a promising class of anticancer and antifungal lead compounds produced by the myxobacterium Cystobacter violaceus Cb vi35. Previously nothing had been reported about their biosynthesis, including the origin of the unusual 4-methylazetidinecarboxylic acid (MAZ) moiety. We describe the vioprolide biosynthetic gene cluster and solve the production obstacle by expression in three heterologous hosts. Starting from unstable production in the wild type at the single-digit mg L-1 scale, we developed a stable host that eventually allowed for yields of up to half a gram per liter in fermenters. Gene inactivations coupled with isotope feeding studies identified an S-adenosylmethionine (SAM)-dependent enzyme and a methyltransferase as being responsible for the generation of the MAZ building block by a proposed mechanism unprecedented in bacteria. Furthermore, nonnatural vioprolide derivatives were generated via rational genetic engineering.	1
Title: Natural product diversity associated with the nematode symbionts Photorhabdus and Xenorhabdus Abstract: Xenorhabdus and Photorhabdus species dedicate a large amount of resources to the production of specialized metabolites derived from non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) or polyketide synthase (PKS). Both bacteria undergo symbiosis with nematodes, which is followed by an insect pathogenic phase. So far, the molecular basis of this tripartite relationship and the exact roles that individual metabolites and metabolic pathways play have not been well understood. To close this gap, we have significantly expanded the database for comparative genomics studies in these bacteria. Clustering the genes encoded in the individual genomes into hierarchical orthologous groups reveals a high-resolution picture of functional evolution in this clade. It identifies groups of genes-many of which are involved in secondary metabolite production-that may account for the niche specificity of these bacteria. Photorhabdus and Xenorhabdus appear very similar at the DNA sequence level, which indicates their close evolutionary relationship. Yet, high-resolution mass spectrometry analyses reveal a huge chemical diversity in the two taxa. Molecular network reconstruction identified a large number of previously unidentified metabolite classes, including the xefoampeptides and tilivalline. Here, we apply genomic and metabolomic methods in a complementary manner to identify and elucidate additional classes of natural products. We also highlight the ability to rapidly and simultaneously identify potentially interesting bioactive products from NRPSs and PKSs, thereby augmenting the contribution of molecular biology techniques to the acceleration of natural product discovery.	1
Title: Three previously unrecognised classes of biosynthetic enzymes revealed during the production of xenovulene A Abstract: Xenovulene A is a complex fungal meroterpenoid, produced by the organism hitherto known as Acremonium strictum IMI 501407, for which limited biosynthetic evidence exists. Here, we generate a draft genome and show that the producing organism is previously unknown and should be renamed as Sarocladium schorii. A biosynthetic gene cluster is discovered which bears resemblance to those involved in the biosynthesis of fungal tropolones, with additional genes of unknown function. Heterologous reconstruction of the entire pathway in Aspergillus oryzae allows the chemical steps of biosynthesis to be dissected. The pathway shows very limited similarity to the biosynthesis of other fungal meroterpenoids. The pathway features: the initial formation of tropolone intermediates; the likely involvement of a hetero Diels-Alder enzyme; a terpene cyclase with no significant sequence homology to any known terpene cyclase and two enzymes catalysing oxidative-ring contractions.	1
Title: Zincophorin - biosynthesis in Streptomyces griseus and antibiotic properties Abstract: Zincophorin is a polyketide antibiotic that possesses potent activity against Gram-positive bacteria, including human pathogens. While a number of total syntheses of this highly functionalized natural product were reported since its initial discovery, the genetic basis for the biosynthesis of zincophorin has remained unclear. In this study, the co-linearity inherent to polyketide pathways was used to identify the zincophorin biosynthesis gene cluster in the genome of the natural producer Streptomyces griseus HKI 0741. Interestingly, the same locus is fully conserved in the streptomycin-producing actinomycete S. griseus IFO 13350, suggesting that the latter bacterium is also capable of zincophorin biosynthesis. Biological profiling of zincophorin revealed a dose-dependent inhibition of the Gram-positive bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae. The antibacterial effect, however, is accompanied by cytotoxicity. Antibiotic and cytotoxic activities were completely abolished upon esterification of the carboxylic acid group in zincophorin.	1
Title: A Flavin-Dependent Decarboxylase-Dehydrogenase-Monooxygenase Assembles the Warhead of α,β-Epoxyketone Proteasome Inhibitors Abstract: The α,β-epoxyketone proteasome inhibitor TMC-86A was discovered as a previously unreported metabolite of Streptomyces chromofuscus ATCC49982, and the gene cluster responsible for its biosynthesis was identified via genome sequencing. Incorporation experiments with [(13)C-methyl]l-methionine implicated an α-dimethyl-β-keto acid intermediate in the biosynthesis of TMC-86A. Incubation of the chemically synthesized α-dimethyl-β-keto acid with a purified recombinant flavin-dependent enzyme that is conserved in all known pathways for epoxyketone biosynthesis resulted in formation of the corresponding α-methyl-α,β-epoxyketone. This transformation appears to proceed via an unprecedented decarboxylation-dehydrogenation-monooxygenation cascade. The biosynthesis of the TMC-86A warhead is completed by cytochrome P450-mediated hydroxylation of the α-methyl-α,β-epoxyketone.	1
Title: Salinipyrone and Pacificanone Are Biosynthetic By-products of the Rosamicin Polyketide Synthase Abstract: Salinipyrones and pacificanones are structurally related polyketides from Salinispora pacifica CNS-237 that are proposed to arise from the same modular polyketide synthase (PKS) assembly line. Genome sequencing revealed a large macrolide PKS gene cluster that codes for the biosynthesis of rosamicin A and a series of new macrolide antibiotics. Mutagenesis experiments unexpectedly correlated salinipyrone and pacificanone biosynthesis to the rosamicin octamodule Spr PKS. Remarkably, this bifurcated polyketide pathway illuminates a series of enzymatic domain- and module-skipping reactions that give rise to natural polyketide product diversity. Our findings enlarge the growing knowledge of polyketide biochemistry and illuminate potential challenges in PKS bioengineering.	1
Title: Genome mining reveals uncommon alkylpyrones as type III PKS products from myxobacteria Abstract: Type III polyketide synthases (PKSs) are comparatively small homodimeric enzymes affording natural products with diverse structures and functions. While type III PKS biosynthetic pathways have been studied thoroughly in plants, their counterparts from bacteria and fungi are to date scarcely characterized. This gap is exemplified by myxobacteria from which no type III PKS-derived small molecule has previously been isolated. In this study, we conducted a genomic survey of myxobacterial type III PKSs and report the identification of uncommon alkylpyrones as the products of type III PKS biosynthesis from the myxobacterial model strain Myxococcus xanthus DK1622 through a self-resistance-guided screening approach focusing on genes encoding pentapetide repeat proteins, proficient to confer resistance to topoisomerase inhibitors. Using promoter-induced gene expression in the native host as well as heterologous expression of biosynthetic type III PKS genes, sufficient amounts of material could be obtained for structural elucidation and bioactivity testing, revealing potent topoisomerase activity in vitro.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Heterologous Production of Argyrins Abstract: Argyrins represent a family of cyclic octapeptides exhibiting promising antimicrobial, antitumorigenic and immunosuppressant activities. They derive from a nonribosomal peptide synthetase pathway, which was identified and characterized in this study from the myxobacterial producer strain Cystobacter sp. SBCb004. Using the native biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) sequence as template synthetic BGC versions were designed and assembled from gene synthesis fragments. A heterologous expression system was established after chromosomal deletion of a well-expressed lipopeptide pathway from the host strain Myxococcus xanthus DK1622. Different approaches were applied to engineer and improve heterologous argyrin production, which was finally increased to 160 mg/L, around 20-fold higher yields compared to the native producer. Heterologous production platform also led to identification of several novel argyrin derivatives (A2, F3, G3, I, J, K, and L). The optimized production system provides a versatile platform for future supply of argyrins and novel derivatives thereof.	1
Title: Automated structure prediction of trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthase products Abstract: Bacterial trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthases (trans-AT PKSs) are among the most complex known enzymes from secondary metabolism and are responsible for the biosynthesis of highly diverse bioactive polyketides. However, most of these metabolites remain uncharacterized, since trans-AT PKSs frequently occur in poorly studied microbes and feature a remarkable array of non-canonical biosynthetic components with poorly understood functions. As a consequence, genome-guided natural product identification has been challenging. To enable de novo structural predictions for trans-AT PKS-derived polyketides, we developed the trans-AT PKS polyketide predictor (TransATor). TransATor is a versatile bio- and chemoinformatics web application that suggests informative chemical structures for even highly aberrant trans-AT PKS biosynthetic gene clusters, thus permitting hypothesis-based, targeted biotechnological discovery and biosynthetic studies. We demonstrate the applicative scope in several examples, including the characterization of new variants of bioactive natural products as well as structurally new polyketides from unusual bacterial sources.	1
Title: Discovery of the Cyclic Lipopeptide Gacamide A by Genome Mining and Repair of the Defective GacA Regulator in Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf0-1 Abstract: Genome mining of the Gram-negative bacterium Pseudomonas fluorescens Pf0-1 showed that the strain possesses a silent NRPS-based biosynthetic gene cluster encoding a new lipopeptide; its activation required the repair of the global regulator system. In this paper, we describe the genomics-driven discovery and characterization of the associated secondary metabolite gacamide A, a lipodepsipeptide that forms a new family of Pseudomonas lipopeptides. The compound has a moderate, narrow-spectrum antibiotic activity and facilitates bacterial surface motility.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Ether-Bridge Formation in Nargenicin Macrolides Abstract: The nargenicin family of antibiotics are macrolides containing a rare ether-bridged cis-decalin motif. Several of these compounds are highly active against multi-drug resistant organisms. Despite the identification of the first members of this family almost 40 years ago, the genetic basis for the production of these molecules and the enzyme responsible for formation of the oxa bridge, remain unknown. Here, the 85 kb nargenicin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified from a human pathogenic Nocardia arthritidis isolate and this locus is solely responsible for nargenicin production. Further investigation of this locus revealed a putative iron-α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase, which was found to be responsible for the formation of the ether bridge from the newly identified deoxygenated precursor, 8,13-deoxynargenicin. Uncovering the nargenicin biosynthetic locus provides a molecular basis for the rational bioengineering of these interesting antibiotic macrolides.	1
Title: Analysis of the carbapenem gene cluster of Erwinia carotovora: definition of the antibiotic biosynthetic genes and evidence for a novel beta-lactam resistance mechanism Abstract: Members of two genera of Gram-negative bacteria, Serratia and Erwinia, produce a beta-lactam antibiotic, 1-carbapen-2-em-3-carboxylic acid. We have reported previously the cloning and sequencing of the genes responsible for production of this carbapenem in Erwinia carotovora. These genes are organized as an operon, carA--H, and are controlled by a LuxR-type transcriptional activator, encoded by the linked carR gene. We report in this paper the genetic dissection of this putative operon to determine the function of each of the genes. We demonstrate by mutational analysis that the products of the first five genes of the operon are involved in the synthesis of the carbapenem molecule. Three of these, carABC, are absolutely required. In addition, we provide evidence for the existence of a novel carbapenem resistance mechanism, encoded by the CarF and carG genes. Both products of these overlapping and potentially translationally coupled genes have functional, N-terminal signal peptides. Removal of these genes from the Erwinia chromosome results in a carbapenem-sensitive phenotype. We assume that these novel beta-lactam resistance genes have evolved in concert with the biosynthetic genes to ensure 'self-resistance' in the Erwinia carbapenem producer.	1
Title: Diazaquinomycin Biosynthetic Gene Clusters from Marine and Freshwater Actinomycetes Abstract: Tuberculosis is an infectious disease of global concern. Members of the diazaquinomycin (DAQ) class of natural products have shown potent and selective activity against drug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis. However, poor solubility has prevented further development of this compound class. Understanding DAQ biosynthesis may provide a viable route for the generation of derivatives with improved properties. We have sequenced the genomes of two actinomycete bacteria that produce distinct DAQ derivatives. While software tools for automated biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) prediction failed to detect DAQ BGCs, comparative genomics using MAUVE alignment led to the identification of putative BGCs in the marine Streptomyces sp. F001 and in the freshwater Micromonospora sp. B006. Deletion of the identified daq BGC in strain B006 using CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing abolished DAQ production, providing experimental evidence for BGC assignment. A complete model for DAQ biosynthesis is proposed based on the genes identified. Insufficient knowledge of natural product biosynthesis is one of the major challenges of productive genome mining approaches. The results reported here fill a gap in knowledge regarding the genetic basis for the biosynthesis of DAQ antibiotics. Moreover, identification of the daq BGC shall enable future generations of improved derivatives using biosynthetic methods.	1
Title: Evolutionary Trajectories for the Functional Diversification of Anthracycline Methyltransferases Abstract: Microbial natural products are an important source of chemical entities for drug discovery. Recent advances in understanding the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites has revealed how this rich chemical diversity is generated through functional differentiation of biosynthetic enzymes. For instance, investigations into anthracycline anticancer agents have uncovered distinct S-adenosyl methionine (SAM)-dependent proteins: DnrK is a 4-O-methyltransferase involved in daunorubicin biosynthesis, whereas RdmB (52% sequence identity) from the rhodomycin pathway catalyzes 10-hydroxylation. Here, we have mined unknown anthracycline gene clusters and discovered a third protein subclass catalyzing 10-decarboxylation. Subsequent isolation of komodoquinone B from two Streptomyces strains verified the biological relevance of the decarboxylation activity. Phylogenetic analysis inferred two independent routes for the conversion of methyltransferases into hydroxylases, with a two-step process involving loss-of-methylation and gain-of-hydroxylation presented here. Finally, we show that simultaneously with the functional differentiation, the evolutionary process has led to alterations in substrate specificities.	1
Title: Discovery of Cryptic Largimycins in Streptomyces Reveals Novel Biosynthetic Avenues Enriching the Structural Diversity of the Leinamycin Family Abstract: Largimycins are hybrid nonribosomal peptide-polyketides that constitute a new group of metabolites in the leinamycin family of natural products displaying unique structural features such as containing an oxazole instead of a thiazole ring or being oxime ester macrocycles, unprecedented in nature, rather than macrolactams. Their discovery in Streptomyces argillaceus and Streptomyces canus has relied on the activation of two homologous silent gene clusters by overexpressing a transcriptional activator and cultivating in specific media. The proposed biosynthesis of largimycins includes the key action of the oxidoreductase LrgO, responsible for the formation of the oxime group involved in macrocyclization, and two putative cryptic biosynthetic steps consisting of chlorination of l-Thr by the NRPS loading module and incorporation of an olefinic exomethylene group by LrgJ PKS. The discovery of largimycins uncovers novel biosynthetic avenues employed in nature to enrich the structural diversity of leinamycins and provides tools for combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome mining and biosynthesis of a polyketide from a biofertilizer fungus that can facilitate reductive iron assimilation in plant Abstract: Fungi have the potential to produce a large repertoire of bioactive molecules, many of which can affect the growth and development of plants. Genomic survey of sequenced biofertilizer fungi showed many secondary metabolite gene clusters are anchored by iterative polyketide synthases (IPKSs), which are multidomain enzymes noted for generating diverse small molecules. Focusing on the biofertilizer Trichoderma harzianum t-22, we identified and characterized a cryptic IPKS-containing cluster that synthesizes tricholignan A, a redox-active ortho-hydroquinone. Tricholignan A is shown to reduce Fe(III) and may play a role in promoting plant growth under iron-deficient conditions. The construction of tricholignan by a pair of collaborating IPKSs was investigated using heterologous reconstitution and biochemical studies. A regioselective methylation step is shown to be a key step in formation of the ortho-hydroquinone. The responsible methyltransferase (MT) is fused with an N-terminal pseudo-acyl carrier protein (ψACP), in which the apo state of the ACP is essential for methylation of the growing polyketide chain. The ψACP is proposed to bind to the IPKS and enable the trans MT to access the growing polyketide. Our studies show that a genome-driven approach to discovering bioactive natural products from biofertilizer fungi can lead to unique compounds and biosynthetic knowledge.	1
Title: Structure elucidation and biosynthetic gene cluster analysis of caniferolides A-D, new bioactive 36-membered macrolides from the marine-derived Streptomyces caniferus CA-271066 Abstract: Bioassay-guided isolation based on the antifungal activity of a culture broth of the marine-derived actinomycete Streptomyces caniferus CA-271066 led to the discovery of new 36-membered polyol macrolides, caniferolides A-D (1-4). Their connectivity was determined by spectroscopic methods including ESITOF-MS and 1D/2D NMR. The relative stereochemistry of each stereocluster in these compounds was established using NOE analysis, the universal database method and J-based configuration analysis, further assisted by comparisons with NMR data of structurally related macrolides. Genome sequencing followed by detailed bioinformatics analysis led to the identification of the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster and allowed the prediction of the stereochemical outcome of their biosynthesis, confirming the relative stereochemistry of each stereocluster already determined by NMR and establishing their stereochemical relationship, ultimately rendering the absolute configuration of all chiral centers. Furthermore, based on our results and already published data, it has been possible to derive the complete absolute configuration of the related macrolides PM100117 and PM100118, astolides A and B, and deplelides A and B. Caniferolides A-D have shown pronounced antifungal activity against Candida albicans and Aspergillus fumigatus alongside antiproliferative activity against five human tumoral cell lines.	1
Title: Discovery and Heterologous Biosynthesis of the Burnettramic Acids: Rare PKS-NRPS-Derived Bolaamphiphilic Pyrrolizidinediones from an Australian Fungus, Aspergillus burnettii Abstract: The burnettramic acids are a new class of antibiotics from an Australian fungus Aspergillus burnettii. The rare bolaamphiphilic scaffold consists of β-d-mannose linked to a pyrrolizidinedione unit via a 26-carbon chain. The most abundant metabolite displayed potent in vitro antifungal activity. Comparative genomics identified the hybrid PKS-NRPS bua gene cluster, which was verified by heterologous pathway reconstitution in Aspergillus nidulans.	1
Title: Chemical Ecogenomics-Guided Discovery of Phytotoxic α-Pyrones from the Fungal Wheat Pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum Abstract: A biosynthetic gene cluster that is significantly upregulated in the fungal wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum during plant infection was reconstructed heterologously in Aspergillus nidulans. This led to the discovery of five new α-pyrone polyketides, alternapyrones B-F (2-6). Compounds 5 and 6, which contain a highly substituted dihydrofuran, exhibited phytotoxicity on wheat seed germination. It is demonstrated that only three enzymes, one highly reducing polyketide synthase and two multifunctional P450 oxygenases, are needed to synthesize the structurally complex products.	1
Title: Different biosynthetic pathways to fosfomycin in Pseudomonas syringae and Streptomyces species Abstract: Fosfomycin is a wide-spectrum antibiotic that is used clinically to treat acute cystitis in the United States. The compound is produced by several strains of streptomycetes and pseudomonads. We sequenced the biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for fosfomycin production in Pseudomonas syringae PB-5123. Surprisingly, the biosynthetic pathway in this organism is very different from that in Streptomyces fradiae and Streptomyces wedmorensis. The pathways share the first and last steps, involving conversion of phosphoenolpyruvate to phosphonopyruvate (PnPy) and 2-hydroxypropylphosphonate (2-HPP) to fosfomycin, respectively, but the enzymes converting PnPy to 2-HPP are different. The genome of P. syringae PB-5123 lacks a gene encoding the PnPy decarboxylase found in the Streptomyces strains. Instead, it contains a gene coding for a citrate synthase-like enzyme, Psf2, homologous to the proteins that add an acetyl group to PnPy in the biosynthesis of FR-900098 and phosphinothricin. Heterologous expression and purification of Psf2 followed by activity assays confirmed the proposed activity of Psf2. Furthermore, heterologous production of fosfomycin in Pseudomonas aeruginosa from a fosmid encoding the fosfomycin biosynthetic cluster from P. syringae PB-5123 confirmed that the gene cluster is functional. Therefore, two different pathways have evolved to produce this highly potent antimicrobial agent.	1
Title: Characterization of Two Late-Stage Enzymes Involved in Fosfomycin Biosynthesis in Pseudomonads Abstract: The broad-spectrum phosphonate antibiotic fosfomycin is currently in use for clinical treatment of infections caused by both Gram-positive and Gram-negative uropathogens. The antibiotic is biosynthesized by various streptomycetes, as well as by pseudomonads. Notably, the biosynthetic strategies used by the two genera share only two steps: the first step in which primary metabolite phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) is converted to phosphonopyruvate (PnPy) and the terminal step in which 2-hydroxypropylphosphonate (2-HPP) is converted to fosfomycin. Otherwise, distinct enzymatic paths are employed. Here, we biochemically confirm the last two steps in the fosfomycin biosynthetic pathway of Pseudomonas syringae PB-5123, showing that Psf3 performs the reduction of 2-oxopropylphosphonate (2-OPP) to (S)-2-HPP, followed by the Psf4-catalyzed epoxidation of (S)-2-HPP to fosfomycin. Psf4 can also accept (R)-2-HPP as a substrate but instead performs an oxidation to make 2-OPP. We show that the combined activities of Psf3 and Psf4 can be used to convert racemic 2-HPP to fosfomycin in an enantioconvergent process. X-ray structures of each enzyme with bound substrates provide insights into the stereospecificity of each conversion. These studies shed light on the reaction mechanisms of the two terminal enzymes in a distinct pathway employed by pseudomonads for the production of a potent antimicrobial agent.	1
Title: Purification and characterization of the epoxidase catalyzing the formation of fosfomycin from Pseudomonas syringae Abstract: The final step in the biosynthesis of fosfomycin in Streptomyces wedmorensis is catalyzed by ( S)-2-hydroxypropylphosphonic acid (HPP) epoxidase ( Sw-HppE). A homologous enzyme from Pseudomonas syringae whose encoding gene ( orf3) shares a relatively low degree of sequence homology with the corresponding Sw-HppE gene has recently been isolated. This purified P. syringae protein was determined to catalyze the epoxidation of ( S)-HPP to fosfomycin and the oxidation of ( R)-HPP to 2-oxopropylphosphonic acid under the same conditions as Sw-HppE. Therefore, this protein is indeed a true HPP epoxidase and is termed Ps-HppE. Like Sw-HppE, Ps-HppE was determined to be post-translationally modified by the hydroxylation of a putative active site tyrosine (Tyr95). Analysis of the Fe(II) center by EPR spectroscopy using NO as a spin probe and molecular oxygen surrogate reveals that Ps-HppE's metal center is similar, but not identical, to that of Sw-HppE. The identity of the rate-determining step for the ( S)-HPP and ( R)-HPP reactions was determined by measuring primary deuterium kinetic effects, and the outcome of these results was correlated with density functional theory calculations. Interestingly, the reaction using the nonphysiological substrate ( R)-HPP was 1.9 times faster than that with ( S)-HPP for both Ps-HppE and Sw-HppE. This is likely due to the difference in bond dissociation energy of the abstracted hydrogen atom for each respective reaction. Thus, despite the low level of amino acid sequence identity, Ps-HppE is a close mimic of Sw-HppE, representing a second example of a non-heme iron-dependent enzyme capable of catalyzing dehydrogenation of a secondary alcohol to form a new C-O bond.	1
Title: In Vitro Biosynthesis of the Core Scaffold of the Thiopeptide Thiomuracin Abstract: Thiopeptides are potent antibiotics that inhibit protein synthesis. They are made by a remarkable post-translational modification process that transforms a linear peptide into a polycyclic structure. We present here the in vitro biosynthesis of the core scaffold of thiomuracin catalyzed by six proteins. We show that cyclodehydration precedes dehydration, and that dehydration is catalyzed by two proteins in a tRNA(Glu)-dependent manner. The enzyme that generates the pyridine core from two dehydroalanines ejects the leader peptide as a C-terminal carboxamide. Mutagenesis studies of the enzyme TbtD identified important residues for a formal [4+2] cycloaddition process. The core structure of thiomuracin exhibits similar antimicrobial activity to other known congeners, illustrating that in vitro biosynthesis is a viable route to potent antibiotics that can be explored for the rapid and renewable generation of analogues.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Timing and Substrate Specificity for the Thiopeptide Thiomuracin Abstract: The biosynthesis of the thiopeptide thiomuracin is a well-orchestrated process involving a multitude of posttranslational modifications. We show that six Cys residues of a precursor peptide are first cyclodehydrated and oxidized to thiazoles in an ordered, but nonlinear fashion that is leader-peptide-dependent. Then four alcohols are glutamylated and converted to alkenes in a C-to-N terminal directional process that is leader-peptide-independent. Finally, two of these alkenes undergo a formal [4 + 2] cycloaddition to form a trithiazole-substituted pyridine macrocycle. We describe here the factors that govern the substrate specificity and order of biosynthetic events that turn a ribosomal peptide into a powerful antibiotic.	1
Title: Reconstitution and Substrate Specificity of the Radical S-Adenosyl-methionine Thiazole C-Methyltransferase in Thiomuracin Biosynthesis Abstract: Thiomuracin is a thiopeptide antibiotic with potent activity toward Gram-positive drug-resistant bacteria. Thiomuracin is biosynthesized from a precursor peptide, TbtA, by a complex array of posttranslational modifications. One of several intriguing transformations is the C-methylation of thiazole, occurring at an unactivated sp2 carbon. Herein, we report the in vitro reconstitution of TbtI, the responsible radical S-adenosyl-methionine (rSAM) C-methyltransferase, which catalyzes the formation of 5-methylthiazole at a single site. Our studies demonstrate that a linear hexazole-bearing intermediate of TbtA is a substrate for TbtI whereas macrocyclized thiomuracin GZ is not. In determining the minimal substrate for TbtI, we found that the enzyme is functional when most of the leader peptide has been removed. The in vitro reconstitution of TbtI, a class C rSAM methyltransferase, further adds to the chemical versatility of rSAM enzymes, and informs on the complexity of thiomuracin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Structural insights into enzymatic [4+2] aza-cycloaddition in thiopeptide antibiotic biosynthesis Abstract: The [4+2] cycloaddition reaction is an enabling transformation in modern synthetic organic chemistry, but there are only limited examples of dedicated natural enzymes that can catalyze this transformation. Thiopeptides (or more formally thiazolyl peptides) are a class of thiazole-containing, highly modified, macrocyclic secondary metabolites made from ribosomally synthesized precursor peptides. The characteristic feature of these natural products is a six-membered nitrogenous heterocycle that is assembled via a formal [4+2] cycloaddition between two dehydroalanine (Dha) residues. This heteroannulation is entirely contingent on enzyme activity, although the mechanism of the requisite pyridine/dehydropiperidine synthase remains to be elucidated. The unusual aza-cylic product is distinct from the more common carbocyclic products of synthetic and biosynthetic [4+2] cycloaddition reactions. To elucidate the mechanism of cycloaddition, we have determined atomic resolution structures of the pyridine synthases involved in the biosynthesis of the thiopeptides thiomuracin (TbtD) and GE2270A (PbtD), in complex with substrates and product analogs. Structure-guided biochemical, mutational, computational, and binding studies elucidate active-site features that explain how orthologs can generate rigid macrocyclic scaffolds of different sizes. Notably, the pyridine synthases show structural similarity to the elimination domain of lanthipeptide dehydratases, wherein insertions of secondary structural elements result in the formation of a distinct active site that catalyzes different chemistry. Comparative analysis identifies other catalysts that contain a shared core protein fold but whose active sites are located in entirely different regions, illustrating a principle predicted from efforts in de novo protein design.	1
Title: Rapid Discovery of Glycocins through Pathway Refactoring in Escherichia coli Abstract: Glycocins (glycosylated bacteriocins) are a family of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides with antimicrobial activities against pathogens of interest, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, representing a promising source of new antibiotics. Glycocins are still largely underexplored, and thus far, only six glycocins are known. Here, we used genome mining to identify 50 putative glycocin biosynthetic gene clusters and then chose six of them with distinct features for further investigation. Through two rounds of plug-and-play pathway refactoring and expression in Escherichia coli BL21(DE3), four systems produced novel glycocins. Further structural characterization revealed that one of them, which belongs to the enterocin 96-type glycocins, was diglucosylated on a single serine. The other three compounds belong to the SunA/ThuA-type glycocins and exhibit a antimicrobial spectrum narrower than that of sublancin, the best characterized member in this group, even though they share a similar disulfide topology and glycosylation. Further evaluation of their bioactivities with free glucose at high concentrations suggested that their antimicrobial mechanisms might be both glycocin- and species-specific. These glycocins with distinct features significantly broaden our knowledge and may lead to the discovery of new classes of antibiotics.	1
Title: Functional genomics-guided discovery of a light-activated phytotoxin in the wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum via pathway activation Abstract: Parastagonospora nodorum is an important pathogen of wheat. The contribution of secondary metabolites to this pathosystem is poorly understood. A biosynthetic gene cluster (SNOG_08608-08616) has been shown to be upregulated during the late stage of P. nodorum wheat leaf infection. The gene cluster shares several homologues with the Cercospora nicotianae CTB gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of cercosporin. Activation of the gene cluster by overexpression (OE) of the transcription factor gene (SNOG_08609) in P. nodorum resulted in the production of elsinochrome C, a perelyenequinone phytotoxin structurally similar to cercosporin. Heterologous expression of the polyketide synthase gene elcA from the gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans resulted in the production of the polyketide precursor nortoralactone common to the cercosporin pathway. Elsinochrome C could be detected on wheat leaves infected with P. nodorum, but not in the elcA disruption mutant. The compound was shown to exhibit necrotic activity on wheat leaves in a light-dependent manner. Wheat seedling infection assays showed that ΔelcA exhibited reduced virulence compared with wild type, while infection by an OE strain overproducing elsinochrome C resulted in larger lesions on leaves. These data provided evidence that elsinochrome C contributes to the virulence of P. nodorum against wheat.	1
Title: Heterologous biosynthesis of elsinochrome A sheds light on the formation of the photosensitive perylenequinone system Abstract: Perylenequinones are a class of aromatic polyketides characterised by a highly conjugated pentacyclic core, which confers them with potent light-induced bioactivities and unique photophysical properties. Despite the biosynthetic gene clusters for the perylenequinones elsinochrome A (1), cercosporin (4) and hypocrellin A (6) being recently identified, key biosynthetic aspects remain elusive. Here, we first expressed the intact elc gene cluster encoding 1 from the wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum heterologously in Aspergillus nidulans on a yeast-fungal artificial chromosome (YFAC). This led to the identification of a novel flavin-dependent monooxygenase, ElcH, responsible for oxidative enolate coupling of a perylenequinone intermediate to the hexacyclic dihydrobenzo(ghi)perylenequinone in 1. In the absence of ElcH, the perylenequione intermediate formed a hexacyclic cyclohepta(ghi)perylenequinone system via an intramolecular aldol reaction resulting in 6 and a novel hypocrellin 12 with opposite helicity to 1. Theoretical calculations supported that 6 and 12 resulted from atropisomerisation upon formation of the 7-membered ring. Using a bottom-up pathway reconstruction approach on a tripartite YFAC system developed in this study, we uncovered that both a berberine bridge enzyme-like oxidase ElcE and a laccase-like multicopper oxidase ElcG are involved in the double coupling of two naphthol intermediates to form the perylenequinone core. Gene swapping with the homologs from the biosynthetic pathway of 4 showed that cognate pairing of the two classes of oxidases is required for the formation of the perylenequinone core, suggesting the involvement of protein-protein interactions.	1
Title: Fungal Dirigent Protein Controls the Stereoselectivity of Multicopper Oxidase-Catalyzed Phenol Coupling in Viriditoxin Biosynthesis Abstract: Paecilomyces variotii produces the antibacterial and cytotoxic ( M)-viriditoxin (1) together with a trace amount of its atropisomer ( P)-viriditoxin 1'. Elucidation of the biosynthesis by heterologous pathway reconstruction in Aspergillus nidulans identified the multicopper oxidase (MCO) VdtB responsible for the regioselective 6,6'-coupling of semiviriditoxin (10), which yielded 1 and 1' at a ratio of 1:2. We further uncovered that VdtD, an α/β hydrolase-like protein lacking the catalytic serine, directs the axial chirality of the products. Using recombinant VdtB and VdtD as cell-free extracts from A. nidulans, we demonstrated that VdtD acts like a dirigent protein to control the stereoselectivity of the coupling catalyzed by VdtB to yield 1 and 1' at a ratio of 20:1. Furthermore, we uncovered a unique Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase (BVMO) VdtE that could transform the alkyl methylketone side chain to methyl ester against the migratory aptitude.	1
Title: The fungal gene cluster for biosynthesis of the antibacterial agent viriditoxin Abstract: Background:                       Viriditoxin is one of the 'classical' secondary metabolites produced by fungi and that has antibacterial and other activities; however, the mechanism of its biosynthesis has remained unknown.                  Results:                       Here, a gene cluster (vdt) responsible for viriditoxin synthesis was identified, via a bioinformatics analysis of the genomes of Paecilomyces variotii and Aspergillus viridinutans that both are viriditoxin producers. The function of the eight-membered gene cluster of P. variotii was characterized by targeted gene disruptions, revealing the roles of each gene in the synthesis of this molecule and establishing its biosynthetic pathway, which includes a Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase catalyzed reaction. Additionally, a predicted catalytically-inactive hydrolase was identified as being required for the stereoselective biosynthesis of (M)-viriditoxin. The subcellular localizations of two proteins (VdtA and VdtG) were determined by fusing these proteins to green fluorescent protein, to establish that at least two intracellular structures are involved in the compartmentalization of the synthesis steps of this metabolite.                  Conclusions:                       The predicted pathway for the synthesis of viriditoxin was established by a combination of genomics, bioinformatics, gene disruption and chemical analysis processes. Hence, this work reveals the basis for the synthesis of an understudied class of fungal secondary metabolites and provides a new model species for understanding the synthesis of biaryl compounds with a chiral axis.	1
Title: The Enzymology of Prochlorosin Biosynthesis Abstract: Lanthipeptides are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides containing thioether cross-links formed through addition of a cysteine to a dehydroalanine (to form lanthionine) or to a dehydrobutyrine (to form 3-methyllanthionine). Genome sequencing of marine cyanobacteria lead to the discovery of 1.6 million open reading frames encoding lanthipeptides. In many cases, a genome encodes a single lanthipeptide synthetase, but a large number of substrates. The enzymatic modification process in Prochlorococcus MIT9313 has been reconstituted in vitro, and a variety of experimental approaches have been used to try and understand how one enzyme is capable of modifying 30 different substrates. The methods used to characterize this system will be described along with a brief genomic description of the lanthipeptide landscape found in Prochlorococcus and Synechococcus.	1
Title: Dual phenazine gene clusters enable diversification during biosynthesis Abstract: Biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) bridging genotype and phenotype continuously evolve through gene mutations and recombinations to generate chemical diversity. Phenazine BGCs are widespread in bacteria, and the biosynthetic mechanisms of the formation of the phenazine structural core have been illuminated in the last decade. However, little is known about the complex phenazine core-modification machinery. Here, we report the diversity-oriented modifications of the phenazine core through two distinct BGCs in the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus szentirmaii, which lives in symbiosis with nematodes. A previously unidentified aldehyde intermediate, which can be modified by multiple enzymatic and non-enzymatic reactions, is a common intermediate bridging the pathways encoded by these BGCs. Evaluation of the antibiotic activity of the resulting phenazine derivatives suggests a highly effective strategy to convert Gram-positive specific phenazines into broad-spectrum antibiotics, which might help the bacteria-nematode complex to maintain its special environmental niche.	1
Title: Fabclavine biosynthesis in X. szentirmaii: shortened derivatives and characterization of the thioester reductase FclG and the condensation domain-like protein FclL Abstract: Fabclavines, unusual peptide-polyketide-polyamine hybrids, show broad-spectrum bioactivity against a variety of different organism like Gram-positive and -negative bacteria, fungi and protozoa. We elucidated the biosynthesis of these NRPS-PKS hybrids in Xenorhabdus szentirmaii by deletion of most genes encoded in the fabclavine BGC and subsequent analysis of produced fabclavine or polyamine intermediates. Thereby, we identified shortened fabclavines similar to the bioactive zeamines. Furthermore, we analyzed the thioester reductase FclG and the free-standing condensation domain-like protein FclL in detail and observed low substrate specificity for both enzymes.	1
Title: Identification of genetic defects in the atoxigenic biocontrol strain Aspergillus flavus K49 reveals the presence of a competitive recombinant group in field populations Abstract: Contamination of corn, cotton, peanuts and tree nuts by aflatoxins is a severe economic burden for growers. A current biocontrol strategy is to use non-aflatoxigenic Aspergillus flavus strains to competitively exclude field toxigenic Aspergillus species. A. flavus K49 does not produce aflatoxins and cyclopiazonic acid (CPA) and is currently being tested in corn-growing fields in Mississippi. We found that its lack of production of aflatoxins and CPA resulted from single nucleotide mutations in the polyketide synthase gene and hybrid polyketide-nonribosomal peptide synthase gene, respectively. Furthermore, based on single nucleotide polymorphisms of the aflatoxin biosynthesis omtA gene and the CPA biosynthesis dmaT gene, we conclude that K49, AF36 and previously characterized TX9-8 form a biocontrol group. These isolates appear to be derived from recombinants of typical large and small sclerotial morphotype strains. This finding provides an easy way to select future biocontrol strains from the reservoir of non-aflatoxigenic populations in agricultural fields.	1
Title: Clustered genes involved in cyclopiazonic acid production are next to the aflatoxin biosynthesis gene cluster in Aspergillus flavus Abstract: Cyclopiazonic acid (CPA), an indole-tetramic acid mycotoxin, is produced by many species of Aspergillus and Penicillium. In addition to CPA Aspergillus flavus produces polyketide-derived carcinogenic aflatoxins. Aflatoxin biosynthesis genes form a gene cluster in a subtelomeric region. Isolates of A. flavus lacking aflatoxin production due to the loss of the entire aflatoxin gene cluster and portions of the subtelomeric region are often unable to produce CPA, which suggests a physical link of genes involved in CPA biosynthesis to the aflatoxin gene cluster. Examining the subtelomeric region in A. flavus isolates of different chemotypes revealed a region possibly associated with CPA production. Disruption of three of the four genes present in this region predicted to encode a monoamine oxidase, a dimethylallyl tryptophan synthase, and a hybrid polyketide non-ribosomal peptide synthase abolished CPA production in an aflatoxigenic A. flavus strain. Therefore, some of the CPA biosynthesis genes are organized in a mini-gene cluster that is next to the aflatoxin gene cluster in A. flavus.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the nargenicin A1 pyrrole moiety from Nocardia sp. CS682 Abstract: A number of structurally diverse natural products harboring pyrrole moieties possess a wide range of biological activities. Studies on biosynthesis of pyrrole ring have shown that pyrrole moieties are derived from L-proline. Nargenicin A(1), a saturated alicyclic polyketide from Nocardia sp. CS682, is a pyrrole-2-carboxylate ester of nodusmicin. We cloned and identified a set of four genes from Nocardia sp. CS682 that show sequence similarity to the respective genes involved in the biosynthesis of the pyrrole moieties of pyoluteorin in Pseudomonas fluorescens, clorobiocin in Streptomyces roseochromogenes subsp. Oscitans, coumermycin A(1) in Streptomyces rishiriensis, one of the pyrrole rings of undecylprodigiosin in Streptomyces coelicolor, and leupyrrins in Sorangium cellulosum. These genes were designated as ngnN4, ngnN5, ngnN3, and ngnN2. In this study, we presented the evidences that the pyrrole moiety of nargenicin A(1) was also derived from L-proline by the coordinated action of three proteins, NgnN4 (proline adenyltransferase), NgnN5 (proline carrier protein), and NgnN3 (flavine-dependent acyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenases). Biosynthesis of pyrrole moiety in nargenicin A(1) is initiated by NgnN4 that catalyzes ATP-dependent activation of L-proline into L-prolyl-AMP, and the latter is transferred to NgnN5 to create prolyl-S-peptidyl carrier protein (PCP). Later, NgnN3 catalyzes the two-step oxidation of prolyl-S-PCP into pyrrole-2-carboxylate. Thus, this study presents another example of a pyrrole moiety biosynthetic pathway that uses a set of three genes to convert L-proline into pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid moiety.	1
Title: Elucidation of DnaE as the Antibacterial Target of the Natural Product, Nargenicin Abstract: Resistance to existing classes of antibiotics drives the need for discovery of novel compounds with unique mechanisms of action. Nargenicin A1, a natural product with limited antibacterial spectrum, was rediscovered in a whole-cell antisense assay. Macromolecular labeling in both Staphylococcus aureus and an Escherichia coli tolC efflux mutant revealed selective inhibition of DNA replication not due to gyrase or topoisomerase IV inhibition. S. aureus nargenicin-resistant mutants were selected at a frequency of ∼1 × 10(-9), and whole-genome resequencing found a single base-pair change in the dnaE gene, a homolog of the E. coli holoenzyme α subunit. A DnaE single-enzyme assay was exquisitely sensitive to inhibition by nargenicin, and other in vitro characterization studies corroborated DnaE as the target. Medicinal chemistry efforts may expand the spectrum of this novel mechanism antibiotic.	1
Title: Scytodecamide from the Cultured Scytonema sp. UIC 10036 Expands the Chemical and Genetic Diversity of Cyanobactins Abstract: Cyanobactins are a large family of cyanobacterial ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) often associated with biological activities, such as cytotoxicity, antiviral, and antimalarial activities. They are traditionally described as cyclic molecules containing heterocyclized amino acids. However, this definition has been recently challenged by the discovery of short, linear cyanobactins containing three to five amino acids as well as cyanobactins containing no heterocyclized residues. Herein we report the discovery of scytodecamide (1) from the freshwater cyanobacterium Scytonema sp. UIC 10036. Structural elucidation based on mass spectrometry, 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy, and Marfey's method revealed 1 to be a linear decapeptide with an N-terminal N-methylation and a C-terminal amidation. The genome of Scytonema sp. UIC 10036 was sequenced, and bioinformatic analysis revealed a cyanobactin-like biosynthetic gene cluster consistent with the structure of 1. The discovery of 1 as a novel linear peptide containing an N-terminal N-methylation and a C-terminal amidation expands the chemical and genetic diversity of the cyanobactin family of compounds.	1
Title: Targeted Gene Inactivations Expose Silent Cytochalasans in Magnaporthe grisea NI980 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster encoding the phytotoxin pyrichalasin H 5 was discovered in Magnaporthe grisea NI980, and the late-stage biosynthetic pathway of 5 was fully elucidated using targeted gene inactivations resulting in the isolation of 13 novel cytochalasans. This study reveals that the nonproteinogenic amino acid O-methyltyrosine is the true precursor of 5, and other cryptic cytochalasans and mutasynthesis experiments produce novel halogenated pyrichalasin H analogues.	1
Title: Investigating the Function of Cryptic Cytochalasan Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenases Using Combinatorial Biosynthesis Abstract: Tailoring enzymes in cytochalasan biosynthesis are relatively promiscuous. Exploiting this property, we deduced the function of four cryptic cytochrome P450 monooxygenases via heterologous expression of six cytochrome P450-encoding genes, originating from Hypoxylon fragiforme and Pyricularia oryzae, in pyrichalasin H ΔP450 strains. Three cryptic cytochrome P450 enzymes (HffD, HffG, and CYP1) restored pyrichalasin H production in mutant strains, while CYP3 catalyzed a site-selective epoxidation leading to the isolation of three novel cytochalasans.	1
Title: Activation of silent biosynthetic gene clusters using transcription factor decoys Abstract: Here we report a transcription factor decoy strategy for targeted activation of eight large silent polyketide synthase and non-ribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters, ranging from 50 to 134 kilobases (kb) in multiple streptomycetes, and characterization of a novel oxazole family compound produced by a 98-kb biosynthetic gene cluster. Owing to its simplicity and ease of use, this strategy can be scaled up readily for discovery of natural products in streptomycetes.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of the ergochrome gene cluster in the plant pathogenic fungus Claviceps purpurea Abstract: Background:          Claviceps purpurea is a phytopathogenic fungus infecting a broad range of grasses including economically important cereal crop plants. The infection cycle ends with the formation of the typical purple-black pigmented sclerotia containing the toxic ergot alkaloids. Besides these ergot alkaloids little is known about the secondary metabolism of the fungus. Red anthraquinone derivatives and yellow xanthone dimers (ergochromes) have been isolated from sclerotia and described as ergot pigments, but the corresponding gene cluster has remained unknown. Fungal pigments gain increasing interest for example as environmentally friendly alternatives to existing dyes. Furthermore, several pigments show biological activities and may have some pharmaceutical value.                  Results:                       This study identified the gene cluster responsible for the synthesis of the ergot pigments. Overexpression of the cluster-specific transcription factor led to activation of the gene cluster and to the production of several known ergot pigments. Knock out of the cluster key enzyme, a nonreducing polyketide synthase, clearly showed that this cluster is responsible for the production of red anthraquinones as well as yellow ergochromes. Furthermore, a tentative biosynthetic pathway for the ergot pigments is proposed. By changing the culture conditions, pigment production was activated in axenic culture so that high concentration of phosphate and low concentration of sucrose induced pigment syntheses.                  Conclusions:                       This is the first functional analysis of a secondary metabolite gene cluster in the ergot fungus besides that for the classical ergot alkaloids. We demonstrated that this gene cluster is responsible for the typical purple-black color of the ergot sclerotia and showed that the red and yellow ergot pigments are products of the same biosynthetic pathway. Activation of the gene cluster in axenic culture opened up new possibilities for biotechnological applications like the dye production or the development of new pharmaceuticals.	1
Title: Bioinformatic Mapping of Radical S-Adenosylmethionine-Dependent Ribosomally Synthesized and Post-Translationally Modified Peptides Identifies New Cα, Cβ, and Cγ-Linked Thioether-Containing Peptides Abstract: Recently developed bioinformatic tools have bolstered the discovery of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). Using an improved version of Rapid ORF Description and Evaluation Online (RODEO 2.0), a biosynthetic gene cluster mining algorithm, we bioinformatically mapped the sactipeptide RiPP class via the radical S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) enzymes that form the characteristic sactionine (sulfur-to-α carbon) cross-links between cysteine and acceptor residues. Hundreds of new sactipeptide biosynthetic gene clusters were uncovered, and a novel sactipeptide "huazacin" with growth-suppressive activity against Listeria monocytogenes was characterized. Bioinformatic analysis further suggested that a group of sactipeptide-like peptides heretofore referred to as six cysteines in forty-five residues (SCIFFs) might not be sactipeptides as previously thought. Indeed, the bioinformatically identified SCIFF peptide "freyrasin" was demonstrated to contain six thioethers linking the β carbons of six aspartate residues. Another SCIFF, thermocellin, was shown to contain a thioether cross-linked to the γ carbon of threonine. SCIFFs feature a different paradigm of non-α carbon thioether linkages, and they are exclusively formed by radical SAM enzymes, as opposed to the polar chemistry employed during lanthipeptide biosynthesis. Therefore, we propose the renaming of the SCIFF family as radical non-α thioether peptides (ranthipeptides) to better distinguish them from the sactipeptide and lanthipeptide RiPP classes.	1
Title: Identification of a gene cluster for biosynthesis of mannosylerythritol lipids in the basidiomycetous fungus Ustilago maydis Abstract: Many microorganisms produce surface-active substances that enhance the availability of water-insoluble substrates. Although many of these biosurfactants have interesting potential applications, very little is known about their biosynthesis. The basidiomycetous fungus Ustilago maydis secretes large amounts of mannosylerythritol lipids (MELs) under conditions of nitrogen starvation. We recently described a putative glycosyltransferase, Emt1, which is essential for MEL biosynthesis and whose expression is strongly induced by nitrogen limitation. We used DNA microarray analysis to identify additional genes involved in MEL biosynthesis. Here we show that emt1 is part of a gene cluster which comprises five open reading frames. Three of the newly identified proteins, Mac1, Mac2, and Mat1, contain short sequence motifs characteristic for acyl- and acetyltransferases. Mutational analysis revealed that Mac1 and Mac2 are essential for MEL production, which suggests that they are involved in the acylation of mannosylerythritol. Deletion of mat1 resulted in the secretion of completely deacetylated MELs, as determined by mass spectrometry. We overexpressed Mat1 in Escherichia coli and demonstrated that this enzyme acts as an acetyl coenzyme A-dependent acetyltransferase. Remarkably, Mat1 displays relaxed regioselectivity and is able to acetylate mannosylerythritol at both the C-4 and C-6 hydroxyl groups. Based on these results, we propose a biosynthesis pathway for the generation of mannosylerythritol lipids in U. maydis.	1
Title: Elucidation of substrate specificities of decorating enzymes involved in mannosylerythritol lipid production by cross-species complementation Abstract: Mannosylerythritol lipids (MELs) are surface active molecules produced by many basidiomycetous fungi. MELs consist of a mannosylerythritol disaccharide, which is acylated with short and medium chain fatty acids at the mannosyl moiety. A gene cluster composed of five genes is required for MEL biosynthesis. Here we show that the plant pathogenic fungus Ustilago hordei secretes these glycolipids under nitrogen starvation conditions. In contrast to MELs produced by the closely related fungus Ustilago maydis those secreted by U. hordei are mostly mono-acetylated and contain a different mixture of acyl groups. Cross-species complementation between these fungi revealed that these differences result from different catalytic activities of the acetyltransferase Mat1 and the acyltransferases Mac1 and Mac2. U. maydis mat1 mutants expressing the homologous mat1 gene from U. hordei produced mostly mono-acetylated variants and lack di-acetylated MELs normally produced by U. maydis. Furthermore, we determined that the acyltransferase Mac1 acylates the mannosylerythritol moiety at position C2 while Mac2 acylates C3. The identification of decorating enzymes with different substrate specificities will allow the tailor-made production of novel subsets of MELs.	1
Title: Enzymatic Reconstitution and Biosynthetic Investigation of the Lasso Peptide Fusilassin Abstract: Lasso peptides are a class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified natural product which possess a unique lariat knot conformation. The low entropy "threaded" conformation endows lasso peptides with considerable resistance to heat and proteolytic degradation, which are attractive properties for the development of peptide-based therapeutics. Despite their discovery nearly 30 years ago, the molecular mechanism underlying lasso peptide biosynthesis remains poorly characterized due to the low stability of the purified biosynthetic enzymes. Here, we report the biosynthetic reconstitution of a lasso peptide derived from Thermobifida fusca, termed fusilassin. Beyond robust catalytic activity, the fusilassin enzymes demonstrate extraordinary substrate tolerance during heterologous expression in E. coli and upon purification in cell-free biosynthetic reconstitution reactions. We provide evidence that the fusilassin biosynthetic enzymes are not capable of forming branched-cyclic products but can produce entirely unrelated lasso peptides. Finally, we leveraged our bioinformatic survey of all lasso peptides identified in GenBank to perform coevolutionary analysis of two requisite biosynthetic proteins. This effort correctly identified residues governing an important protein-protein interaction, illustrating how genomic insight can accelerate the characterization of natural product biosynthetic pathways. The fusilassin enzymes described within represent a model system for both designing future lasso peptides of biomedical importance and also for elucidating the molecular mechanisms that govern lasso peptide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Botcinic acid biosynthesis in Botrytis cinerea relies on a subtelomeric gene cluster surrounded by relics of transposons and is regulated by the Zn2Cys6 transcription factor BcBoa13 Abstract: Botcinic acid is a phytotoxic polyketide involved in the virulence of the gray mold fungus Botrytis cinerea. Here, we aimed to investigate the specific regulation of the cluster of Bcboa genes that is responsible for its biosynthesis. Our analysis showed that this cluster is located in a subtelomeric genomic region containing alternating G + C/A + T-balanced regions, and A + T-rich regions made from transposable elements that underwent RIP (Repeat-Induced Point mutation). Genetic analyses demonstrated that BcBoa13, a putative Zn2Cys6 transcription factor, is a nuclear protein with a major positive regulatory role on the expression of other Bcboa1-to-Bcboa12 genes, and botcinic acid production. In conclusion, the structure and the regulation of the botcinic acid gene cluster show similar features with the cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the other known phytotoxin produced by B. cinerea, i.e., the sesquiterpene botrydial. Both clusters contain a gene encoding a pathway-specific Zn2Cys6 positive regulator, and both are surrounded by relics of transposons which raise some questions about the role of these repeated elements in the evolution and regulation of the secondary metabolism gene clusters in Botrytis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of abscisic acid in fungi: identification of a sesquiterpene cyclase as the key enzyme in Botrytis cinerea Abstract: While abscisic acid (ABA) is known as a hormone produced by plants through the carotenoid pathway, a small number of phytopathogenic fungi are also able to produce this sesquiterpene but they use a distinct pathway that starts with the cyclization of farnesyl diphosphate (FPP) into 2Z,4E-α-ionylideneethane which is then subjected to several oxidation steps. To identify the sesquiterpene cyclase (STC) responsible for the biosynthesis of ABA in fungi, we conducted a genomic approach in Botrytis cinerea. The genome of the ABA-overproducing strain ATCC58025 was fully sequenced and five STC-coding genes were identified. Among them, Bcstc5 exhibits an expression profile concomitant with ABA production. Gene inactivation, complementation and chemical analysis demonstrated that BcStc5/BcAba5 is the key enzyme responsible for the key step of ABA biosynthesis in fungi. Unlike what is observed for most of the fungal secondary metabolism genes, the key enzyme-coding gene Bcstc5/Bcaba5 is not clustered with the other biosynthetic genes, i.e., Bcaba1 to Bcaba4 that are responsible for the oxidative transformation of 2Z,4E-α-ionylideneethane. Finally, our study revealed that the presence of the Bcaba genes among Botrytis species is rare and that the majority of them do not possess the ability to produce ABA.	1
Title: Structural characterization of the surface-associated heteropolysaccharide of Lactobacillus plantarum TMW 1.1478 and genetic analysis of its putative biosynthesis cluster Abstract: Microbial exopolysaccharides (EPS) like xanthan are widely exploited as natural biopolymers in diverse industrial sectors. In foods, in-situ EPS formation by starter cultures allows the manufacturing of "clean labeled" products with improved textural and nutritional properties. We performed structural analyses of the cell surface-associated EPS produced by Lactobacillus plantarum TMW 1.1478, which is a promising starter culture for fermented foods. Chromatographic analyses and NMR experiments suggested an acetylated heptameric repeating unit comprised of glucose, rhamnose and galactose as major components, whereas analysis of the macromolecular HePS structure suggested an apparent molecular mass of Mr ∼2 × 106 and a root mean square (RMS) radius of ca. 60 nm. Genetic analyses enabled the identification of the respective EPS biosynthesis cluster, and its modular organization supports the chemically identified, novel EPS structure. The obtained results broaden the understanding of complex EPS formation from activated sugar nucleotides by Lactobacillus plantarum.	1
Title: Huanglongmycin A-C, Cytotoxic Polyketides Biosynthesized by a Putative Type II Polyketide Synthase From Streptomyces sp. CB09001 Abstract: Three natural products of nonaketide biosynthetic origin, probably biosynthesized from nine molecules of malonyl-CoA, have been isolated. Herein we described the isolation and structure elucidation of huanglongmycin (HLM) A-C and identification of the putative hlm biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. CB09001, isolated from a karstic cave in Xiangxi, China. Albeit previously isolated, HLM A was reported for the first time to exhibit moderate cytotoxicity against A549 lung cancer cell line (IC50 = 13.8 ± 1.5 μM) and weak antibacterial activity against gram-negative clinical isolates. A putative biosynthetic pathway for HLM A, featuring a nonaketide-specific type II polyketide synthase, was proposed. It would be consistent with the isolation of HLM B and C, which are two new natural products and likely shunt metabolites during HLM A biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome mining identifies cepacin as a plant-protective metabolite of the biopesticidal bacterium Burkholderia ambifaria Abstract: Beneficial microorganisms are widely used in agriculture for control of plant pathogens, but a lack of efficacy and safety information has limited the exploitation of multiple promising biopesticides. We applied phylogeny-led genome mining, metabolite analyses and biological control assays to define the efficacy of Burkholderia ambifaria, a naturally beneficial bacterium with proven biocontrol properties but potential pathogenic risk. A panel of 64 B. ambifaria strains demonstrated significant antimicrobial activity against priority plant pathogens. Genome sequencing, specialized metabolite biosynthetic gene cluster mining and metabolite analysis revealed an armoury of known and unknown pathways within B. ambifaria. The biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for the production of the metabolite cepacin was identified and directly shown to mediate protection of germinating crops against Pythium damping-off disease. B. ambifaria maintained biopesticidal protection and overall fitness in the soil after deletion of its third replicon, a non-essential plasmid associated with virulence in Burkholderia cepacia complex bacteria. Removal of the third replicon reduced B. ambifaria persistence in a murine respiratory infection model. Here, we show that by using interdisciplinary phylogenomic, metabolomic and functional approaches, the mode of action of natural biological control agents related to pathogens can be systematically established to facilitate their future exploitation.	1
Title: Identification of a gene cluster for the synthesis of the plant hormone abscisic acid in the plant pathogen Leptosphaeria maculans Abstract: Leptosphaeria maculans is an ascomycetous fungus that causes the disease blackleg on Brassica napus (canola). In spite of the importance of the disease worldwide, the mechanisms of disease development are poorly understood. Secondary metabolites, which are one of the common virulence factors of pathogenic fungi, have not been extensively explored from this fungus. An RNA-seq dataset was examined to find genes responsible for secondary metabolite synthesis by this fungus during infection. One polyketide synthase gene, pks5, was found to be upregulated during the early biotrophic stage of development. In addition to pks5, six other genes adjacent to the pks5 gene, including one encoding a Zn(II)2Cys6 transcription factor abscisic acid-like 7 gene (abl7), were also upregulated during that time. A striking feature of the L. maculans genome is that it contains large AT-rich regions that are gene-poor and large GC-rich regions that are gene rich. This set of seven co-regulated genes is embedded within and separated by two such AT-rich regions. Three of the genes in the cluster have similarities to those known to be involved in the synthesis of abscisic acid (ABA) in other fungi. When L. maculans is grown in axenic culture the genes in this cluster are not expressed and ABA is not produced. Overexpressing abl7, encoding the putative transcription factor, resulted in the transcription of the six adjacent genes in axenic culture and in the production of ABA, as detected by liquid chromatography quadrupole-time-of-flight mass spectrometry analysis. Mutation of two genes of the cluster using CRISPR/Cas9 did not affect pathogenicity on canola cotyledons. The characterization of the ABA gene cluster has led to the discovery of the co-regulation of genes within an AT-rich region by a transcription factor, and the first report of the plant hormone abscisic acid being produced by L. maculans.	1
Title: Production of the Bengamide Class of Marine Natural Products in Myxobacteria: Biosynthesis and Structure-Activity Relationships Abstract: The bengamides, sponge-derived natural products that have been characterized as inhibitors of methionine aminopeptidases (MetAPs), have been intensively investigated as anticancer compounds. We embarked on a multidisciplinary project to supply bengamides by fermentation of the terrestrial myxobacterium M. virescens, decipher their biosynthesis, and optimize their properties as drug leads. The characterization of the biosynthetic pathway revealed that bacterial resistance to bengamides is conferred by Leu 154 of the myxobacterial MetAP protein, and enabled transfer of the entire gene cluster into the more suitable production host M. xanthus DK1622. A combination of semisynthesis of microbially derived bengamides and total synthesis resulted in an optimized derivative that combined high cellular potency in the nanomolar range with high metabolic stability, which translated to an improved half-life in mice and antitumor efficacy in a melanoma mouse model.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Neocarazostatin A Reveals the Sequential Carbazole Prenylation and Hydroxylation in the Tailoring Steps Abstract: Neocarazostatin A (NZS) is a bacterial alkaloid with promising bioactivities against free radicals, featuring a tricyclic carbazole nucleus with a prenyl moiety at C-6 of the carbazole ring. Here, we report the discovery and characterization of the biosynthetic pathway of NZS through genome mining and gene inactivation. The in vitro assays characterized two enzymes: NzsA is a P450 hydroxylase and NzsG is a new phytoene-synthase-like prenyltransferase (PTase). This is the first reported native PTase that specifically acts on the carbazole nucleus. Finally, our in vitro reconstituted experiment demonstrated a coupled reaction catalyzed by NzsG and NzsA tailoring the NZS biosynthesis.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression of Fluostatin Gene Cluster Leads to a Bioactive Heterodimer Abstract: The biosynthesis gene cluster (fls) for atypical angucycline fluostatins was identified from the marine derived Micromonospora rosaria SCSIO N160 and was confirmed by gene knockouts and the biochemical characterization of a bifunctional oxygenase FlsO2. The absolute configuration of the key biosynthetic intermediate prejadomycin was determined for the first time by Cu Kα X-ray analysis. Heterologous expression of the intact fls-gene cluster in Streptomyces coelicolor YF11 in the presence of 3% sea salts led to the isolation of two new compounds: fluostatin L (1) and difluostatin A (2). Difluostatin A (2), an unusual heterodimer, exhibited antibacterial activities.	1
Title: Overexpression of a type III PKS gene affording novel violapyrones with enhanced anti-influenza A virus activity Abstract: Background:                       Type III polyketide synthases (PKSs) are simple homodimer ketosynthases that distribute across plants, fungi, and bacteria, catalyzing formation of pyrone- and resorcinol-types aromatic polyketides with various bioactivities. The broad substrate promiscuity displayed by type III PKSs makes them wonderful candidates for expanding chemical diversity of polyketides.                  Results:                       Violapyrone B (VLP B, 10), an α-pyrone compound produced by deepsea-derived Streptomyces somaliensis SCSIO ZH66, is encoded by a type III PKS VioA. We overexpressed VioA in three different hosts, including Streptomyces coelicolor M1146, Streptomyces sanyensis FMA as well as the native producer S. somaliensis SCSIO ZH66, leading to accumulation of different violapyrone compounds. Among them, S. coelicolor M1146 served as the host producing the most abundant violapyrones, from which five new (2-4, 7 and 12) and nine known (1, 5, 6, 8-11, 13 and 14) compounds were identified. Anti-influenza A (H1N1) virus activity of these compounds was then evaluated using ribavirin as a positive control (IC50 = 112.9 μM), revealing that compounds 11-14 showed considerable activity with IC50 values of 112.7, 26.9, 106.7 and 28.8 μM, respectively, which are significantly improved as compared to that of VLP B (10) (IC50 > 200 μM). The productions of 10 and 13 were increased by adding P450 inhibitor metyrapone. In addition, site-directed mutagenesis experiment led to demonstration of the residue S242 to be essential for the activity of VioA.                  Conclusions:                       Biological background of the expression hosts is an important factor impacting on the encoding products of type III PKSs. By using S. coelicolor M1146 as cell factory, we were able to generate fourteen VLPs compounds. Anti-H1N1 activity assay suggested that the lipophilic nature of the alkyl chains of VLPs plays an important role for the activity, providing valuable guidance for further structural optimization of VLPs.	1
Title: Dalmanol biosyntheses require coupling of two separate polyketide gene clusters Abstract: Polyketide-polyketide hybrids are unique natural products with promising bioactivity, but the hybridization processes remain poorly understood. Herein, we present that the biosynthetic pathways of two immunosuppressants, dalmanol A and acetodalmanol A, result from an unspecific monooxygenase triggered hybridization of two distinct polyketide (naphthalene and chromane) biosynthetic gene clusters. The orchestration of the functional dimorphism of the polyketide synthase (ChrA) ketoreductase (KR) domain (shortened as ChrA KR) with that of the KR partner (ChrB) in the bioassembly line increases the polyketide diversity and allows the fungal generation of plant chromanes (e.g., noreugenin) and phloroglucinols (e.g., 2,4,6-trihydroxyacetophenone). The simultaneous fungal biosynthesis of 1,3,6,8- and 2-acetyl-1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxynaphthalenes was addressed as well. Collectively, the work may symbolize a movement in understanding the multiple-gene-cluster involved natural product biosynthesis, and highlights the possible fungal generations of some chromane- and phloroglucinol-based phytochemicals.	1
Title: Strobilurin biosynthesis in Basidiomycete fungi Abstract: Strobilurins from fungi are the inspiration for the creation of the β-methoxyacrylate class of agricultural fungicides. However, molecular details of the biosynthesis of strobilurins have remained cryptic. Here we report the sequence of genomes of two fungi that produce strobilurins and show that each contains a biosynthetic gene cluster, which encodes a highly reducing polyketide synthase with very unusual C-terminal hydrolase and methyltransferase domains. Expression of stpks1 in Aspergillus oryzae leads to the production of prestrobilurin A when the fermentation is supplemented with a benzoyl coenzyme A (CoA) analogue. This enables the discovery of a previously unobserved route to benzoyl CoA. Reconstruction of the gene cluster in A. oryzae leads to the formation of prestrobilurin A, and addition of the gene str9 encoding an FAD-dependent oxygenase leads to the key oxidative rearrangement responsible for the creation of the β-methoxyacrylate toxophore. Finally, two methyltransferases are required to complete the synthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of mercapturic acid derivative of the labdane-type diterpene, cyslabdan that potentiates imipenem activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus: cyslabdan is generated by mycothiol-mediated xenobiotic detoxification Abstract: Genome mining of cyslabdan-producing Streptomyces cyslabdanicus K04-0144 revealed that a set of four genes, cldA, cldB, cldC, and cldD (the cld cluster), which formed a single transcriptional unit, were involved in the biosynthesis of cyslabdan that potentiates imipenem activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. Experimental studies supported the heterologous expression of the cld cluster of S. cyslabdanicus K04-0144 in S. avermitilis SUKA22, and transformants carrying the cld cluster produced not only cyslabdan A (1), but also its new derivatives, 17-hydroxyl-1 (2) and 2-hydroxyl-1 (3), in the culture broth. An analysis of diterpene metabolites in the mycelia showed that a large amount of a novel intermediate had accumulated and its structure was elucidated as (7S, 8S, 12E)-8,17-epoxy-7-hydroxylabda-12,14-diene (4). The cld-like cluster (rmn cluster) was also detected in the genome of S. anulatus GM95 by searching our in-house genome databases, and the heterologous expression of the rmn cluster in S. avermitilis SUAK22 demonstrated that the rmn cluster was involved in the biosynthesis of the labdane-type bicyclic diterpene, raimonol (7). CldA/RmnA catalyzed the generation of geranylgeranyl diphosphate (GGPP) from dimethylallyl diphosphate and isopentenyl diphosphate. CldB/RmnB converted GGPP to (+)-copalyl diphosphate, and CldD/RmnD generated labda-8(17),12(E),14-triene (5). CldC introduced two oxygen atoms at C-7 and C-8,17 to generate 4, while RmnC hydroxylated 5 at C-7 to generate 7. The heterologous expression of the cld cluster suggested that four gene products catalyzed to generate 4, but not 1. The deletion mutant of the gene encoding the mycothiol (MSH)-S-conjugate amidase (mca) of S. avermitilis SUKA22 carrying the cld cluster failed to produce 1, but accumulated 4 in the mycelia, whereas S. avermitilis SUKA22 and its mca-deletion mutant carrying the cld cluster both produced the MSH-S-conjugate of 4. The intermediate 4 was converted into the MSH-S-conjugate with MSH, which was achieved through a non-enzymatic nucleophilic reaction. The MSH-S-conjugate of 4 generated was further hydrolyzed to generate the mercapturic acid derivative, 1, by MSH-S-conjugate amidase and 1 was excreted from the mycelia.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Study on Antihypercholesterolemic Agent Phomoidride: General Biogenesis of Fungal Dimeric Anhydrides Abstract: To elucidate the general biosynthetic pathway of fungal dimeric anhydrides, a gene cluster for the biosynthesis of the antihy-percholesterolemic agent phomoidride was identified by heterologous expression of candidate genes encoding the highly reducing polyketide synthase, alkylcitrate synthase (ACS), and alkylcitrate dehydratase (ACDH). An in vitro analysis of ACS and ACDH revealed that they give rise to anhydride monomers. Based on the established monomer biosynthesis, we propose a general biogenesis of dimeric anhydrides involving a single donor unit and four acceptor units.	1
Title: Identification of the common biosynthetic gene cluster for both antimicrobial streptoaminals and antifungal 5-alkyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolines Abstract: 5-Alkyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolines (5aTHQs) and streptoaminals (STAMs) are natural products isolated from the combined-culture of Streptomyces nigrescens HEK616 and Tsukamurella pulmonis TP-B0596. Despite their unique structures, their biosynthetic pathway has yet to be elucidated. In the present study, we conducted a feeding experiment using 13C-labeled acetates and demonstrated that 5aTHQs are likely synthesized by the action of polyketide synthase (PKS). Based on this observation, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster for 5aTHQs. Interestingly, the same gene cluster was also responsible for the structurally-distinct STAMs. The gene cluster contains nine genes encoding one acyl carrier protein, two sets of ketosynthases (KSs) and chain length factors (CLFs), one aminotransferase/reductase bifunctional protein, two ketoreductases, and one thioesterase. KSs and CLFs are classified into the phylogenetically distinct clades from those of known type II PKSs. Heterologous expression of the biosynthetic genes and subsequent gene inactivation clearly indicated that all of the nine genes were required for the biosynthesis of both compounds. In the proposed biosynthetic pathway, chain elongation by PKS, reductive cleavage of a thioester bond, and subsequent transamination generate the core skeleton of both compounds. Differences in the oxidation states of the products result in a distinct cyclization mode to yield 5aTHQs and STAMs.	1
Title: Discovery of an Antibacterial Isoindolinone-Containing Tetracyclic Polyketide by Cryptic Gene Activation and Characterization of Its Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: The major setback in natural product screening is the decreasing hit rate of novel bioactive compounds containing new chemical skeletons. Here we report the identification and biosynthesis of isoindolinomycin (Idm), an unprecedented bioactive polyketide with a novel isoindolinone-containing tetracyclic skeleton. Idm was discovered through the screening of rifampicin-resistant ( rif) mutants that were generated from nine actinomycete strains used in this study. Of the 114 rif mutants isolated, the mutant S55-50-5 was found to overproduce Idm, which is almost undetectable in the wild-type Streptomyces sp. SoC090715LN-16. An in silico analysis coupled with gene deletion experiments revealed a biosynthetic idmB gene cluster that is responsible for the production of Idm. The biosynthetic studies of Idm primarily focused on the formation of the five-membered ring in the tetracyclic structure and the attachment of the methyl group to the core structure. In addition, a malachite green phosphate assay performed using a stand-alone adenylation domain ( idmB21) demonstrated the involvement of glycine in the formation of the isoindolinone-containing skeleton. This study contributes to an increase in the structural diversity of polyketides and paves the way toward an understanding of the complete biosynthetic pathway of a novel class of tetracyclic polyketides.	1
Title: Complete biosynthetic pathways of ascofuranone and ascochlorin in Acremonium egyptiacum Abstract: Ascofuranone (AF) and ascochlorin (AC) are meroterpenoids produced by various filamentous fungi, including Acremonium egyptiacum (synonym: Acremonium sclerotigenum), and exhibit diverse physiological activities. In particular, AF is a promising drug candidate against African trypanosomiasis and a potential anticancer lead compound. These compounds are supposedly biosynthesized through farnesylation of orsellinic acid, but the details have not been established. In this study, we present all of the reactions and responsible genes for AF and AC biosyntheses in A. egyptiacum, identified by heterologous expression, in vitro reconstruction, and gene deletion experiments with the aid of a genome-wide differential expression analysis. Both pathways share the common precursor, ilicicolin A epoxide, which is processed by the membrane-bound terpene cyclase (TPC) AscF in AC biosynthesis. AF biosynthesis branches from the precursor by hydroxylation at C-16 by the P450 monooxygenase AscH, followed by cyclization by a membrane-bound TPC AscI. All genes required for AC biosynthesis (ascABCDEFG) and a transcriptional factor (ascR) form a functional gene cluster, whereas those involved in the late steps of AF biosynthesis (ascHIJ) are present in another distantly located cluster. AF is therefore a rare example of fungal secondary metabolites requiring multilocus biosynthetic clusters, which are likely to be controlled by the single regulator, AscR. Finally, we achieved the selective production of AF in A. egyptiacum by genetically blocking the AC biosynthetic pathway; further manipulation of the strain will lead to the cost-effective mass production required for the clinical use of AF.	1
Title: Aminoacyl sulfonamide assembly in SB-203208 biosynthesis Abstract: Sulfonamide is present in many important drugs, due to its unique chemical and biological properties. In contrast, naturally occurring sulfonamides are rare, and their biosynthetic knowledge are scarce. Here we identify the biosynthetic gene cluster of sulfonamide antibiotics, altemicidin, SB-203207, and SB-203208, from Streptomyces sp. NCIMB40513. The heterologous gene expression and biochemical analyses reveal unique aminoacyl transfer reactions, including the tRNA synthetase-like enzyme SbzA-catalyzed L-isoleucine transfer and the GNAT enzyme SbzC-catalyzed β-methylphenylalanine transfer. Furthermore, we elucidate the biogenesis of 2-sulfamoylacetic acid from L-cysteine, by the collaboration of the cupin dioxygenase SbzM and the aldehyde dehydrogenase SbzJ. Remarkably, SbzM catalyzes the two-step oxidation and decarboxylation of L-cysteine, and the subsequent intramolecular amino group rearrangement leads to N-S bond formation. This detailed analysis of the aminoacyl sulfonamide antibiotics biosynthetic machineries paves the way toward investigations of sulfonamide biosynthesis and its engineering.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the uridine-derived nucleoside antibiotic A-94964: identification and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster provide insight into the biosynthetic pathway Abstract: The natural product A-94964 is a uridine-derived nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces sp. SANK 60404. In this study, we propose a biosynthetic pathway for A-94964 using gene deletion experiments coupled with in silico analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster. This study provides insights into the unique biosynthetic pathway for A-94964.	1
Title: Identification of a fluorometabolite from Streptomyces sp. MA37: (2 R 3 S 4 S)-5-fluoro-2,3,4-trihydroxypentanoic acid Abstract: (2R3S4S)-5-Fluoro-2,3,4-trihydroxypentanoic acid (5-FHPA) has been discovered as a new fluorometabolite in the soil bacterium Streptomyces sp. MA37. Exogenous addition of 5-fluoro-5-deoxy-d-ribose (5-FDR) into the cell free extract of MA37 demonstrated that 5-FDR was an intermediate to a range of unidentified fluorometabolites, distinct from fluoroacetate (FAc) and 4-fluorothreonine (4-FT). Bioinformatics analysis allowed identification of a gene cluster (fdr), encoding a pathway to the biosynthesis of 5-FHPA. Over-expression and in vitro assay of FdrC indicated that FdrC is a NAD+ dependent dehydrogenase responsible for oxidation of 5-FDR into 5-fluoro-5-deoxy-lactone, followed by hydrolysis to 5-FHPA. The identity of 5-FHPA in the fermentation broth was confirmed by synthesis of a reference compound and then co-correlation by 19F-NMR and GC-MS analysis. The occurrence of 5-FHPA proves the existence of a new fluorometabolite pathway.	1
Title: Charting an Unexplored Streptococcal Biosynthetic Landscape Reveals a Unique Peptide Cyclization Motif Abstract: Peptide natural products are often used as signals or antibiotics and contain unusual structural modifications, thus providing opportunities for expanding our understanding of Nature's therapeutic and biosynthetic repertoires. Herein, we have investigated the under-explored biosynthetic potential of Streptococci, prevalent bacteria in mammalian microbiomes that include mutualistic, commensal, and pathogenic members. Using a new bioinformatic search strategy, in which we linked the versatile radical S-adenosylmethionine (RaS) enzyme superfamily to an emerging class of natural products in the context of quorum sensing control, we identified numerous, uncharted biosynthetic loci. Focusing on one such locus, we identified an unprecedented post-translational modification, consisting of a tetrahydro[5,6]benzindole cyclization motif in which four unactivated positions are linked by two C-C bonds in a regio- and stereospecific manner by a single RaS enzyme. Our results expand the scope of reactions that microbes have at their disposal in concocting complex ribosomal peptides.	1
Title: Characterization of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for the Antibiotic Armeniaspirols in Streptomyces armeniacus Abstract: Armeniaspirols (1-3) are potent antibiotics against Gram-positive pathogens. Through a biosynthetic investigation, we identified four enzymes involved in the structural modification of 1-3. Manipulation of their activity led to the generation of 4-6 and nine novel analogues, 7-15. Bioactivity assessments revealed that the pyrrole chloro group and the methyl group are important for the antimicrobial activities of armeniaspirols, which lays the foundation for future structure optimization and mechanism of action studies of armeniaspirols.	1
Title: Discovery and characterization of the tubercidin biosynthetic pathway from Streptomyces tubercidicus NBRC 13090 Abstract: Background:                       Tubercidin (TBN), an adenosine analog with potent antimycobacteria and antitumor bioactivities, highlights an intriguing structure, in which a 7-deazapurine core is linked to the ribose moiety by an N-glycosidic bond. However, the molecular logic underlying the biosynthesis of this antibiotic has remained poorly understood.                  Results:                       Here, we report the discovery and characterization of the TBN biosynthetic pathway from Streptomyces tubercidicus NBRC 13090 via reconstitution of its production in a heterologous host. We demonstrated that TubE specifically utilizes phosphoribosylpyrophosphate and 7-carboxy-7-deazaguanine for the precise construction of the deazapurine nucleoside scaffold. Moreover, we provided biochemical evidence that TubD functions as an NADPH-dependent reductase, catalyzing irreversible reductive deamination. Finally, we verified that TubG acts as a Nudix hydrolase, preferring Co2+ for the maintenance of maximal activity, and is responsible for the tailoring hydrolysis step leading to TBN.                  Conclusions:                       These findings lay a foundation for the rational generation of TBN analogs through synthetic biology strategy, and also open the way for the target-directed search of TBN-related antibiotics.	1
Title: Self-resistance guided genome mining uncovers new topoisomerase inhibitors from myxobacteria Abstract: There is astounding discrepancy between the genome-inscribed production capacity and the set of known secondary metabolite classes from many microorganisms as detected under laboratory cultivation conditions. Genome-mining techniques are meant to fill this gap, but in order to favor discovery of structurally novel as well as bioactive compounds it is crucial to amend genomics-based strategies with selective filtering principles. In this study, we followed a self-resistance guided approach aiming at the discovery of inhibitors of topoisomerase, known as valid target in both cancer and antibiotic therapy. A common host self-defense mechanism against such inhibitors in bacteria is mediated by so-called pentapeptide repeat proteins (PRP). Genes encoding the biosynthetic machinery for production of an alleged topoisomerase inhibitor were found on the basis of their collocation adjacent to a predicted PRP in the genome of the myxobacterium Pyxidicoccus fallax An d48, but to date no matching compound has been reported from this bacterium. Activation of this peculiar polyketide synthase type-II gene cluster in the native host as well as its heterologous expression led to the structure elucidation of new natural products that were named pyxidicyclines and provided an insight into their biosynthesis. Subsequent topoisomerase inhibition assays showed strong affinity to - and inhibition of - unwinding topoisomerases such as E. coli topoisomerase IV and human topoisomerase I by pyxidicyclines as well as precise selectivity, since E. coli topoisomerase II (gyrase) was not inhibited at concentrations up to 50 μg ml-1.	1
Title: Novel Methoxymethacrylate Natural Products Uncovered by Statistics-Based Mining of the Myxococcus fulvus Secondary Metabolome Abstract: This study reports the uncovering of new myxobacterial natural products through comprehensive analysis of the Myxococcus fulvus secondary metabolome. Statistics-based mining of mass spectrometry data paved the way for full structure elucidation of two new secondary metabolites named fulvuthiacene A and B, and investigation of the underlying biosynthetic pathway revealed an evolutionary link between the fulvuthiacene hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS) and nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster and the related myxothiazol and melithiazol assembly lines. Detailed characterization of the post-PKS modification enzyme cascade responsible for the fulvuthiacenes' terminal β-methoxy-methyl acrylate moiety was pursued by heterologous expression of these enzymes in the myxothiazol producer Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1. The discovery of fulvuthiacenes provides new insights into the overall structure-activity relationship picture for the β-methoxyacrylate class of respiratory chain inhibitors and might thus serve as starting point for the development of next-generation β-methoxymethacrylate fungicides.	1
Title: Response of Secondary Metabolism of Hypogean Actinobacterial Genera to Chemical and Biological Stimuli Abstract: Microorganisms within microbial communities respond to environmental challenges by producing biologically active secondary metabolites, yet the majority of these small molecules remain unidentified. We have previously demonstrated that secondary metabolite biosynthesis in actinomycetes can be activated by model environmental chemical and biological stimuli, and metabolites can be identified by comparative metabolomics analyses under different stimulus conditions. Here, we surveyed the secondary metabolite productivity of a group of 20 phylogenetically diverse actinobacteria isolated from hypogean (cave) environments by applying a battery of stimuli consisting of exposure to antibiotics, metals, and mixed microbial culture. Comparative metabolomics was used to reveal secondary metabolite responses from stimuli. These analyses revealed substantial changes in global metabolomic dynamics, with over 30% of metabolomic features increasing more than 10-fold under at least one stimulus condition. Selected features were isolated and identified via nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), revealing several known secondary metabolite families, including the tetarimycins, aloesaponarins, hypogeamicins, actinomycins, and propeptins. One prioritized metabolite was identified to be a previously unreported aminopolyol polyketide, funisamine, produced by a cave isolate of Streptosporangium when exposed to mixed culture. The production of funisamine was most significantly increased in mixed culture with Bacillus species. The biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for the production of funisamine was identified via genomic sequencing of the producing strain, Streptosporangium sp. strain KDCAGE35, which facilitated a deduction of its biosynthesis. Together, these data demonstrate that comparative metabolomics can reveal the stimulus-induced production of natural products from diverse microbial phylogenies.IMPORTANCE Microbial secondary metabolites are an important source of biologically active and therapeutically relevant small molecules. However, much of this active molecular diversity is challenging to access due to low production levels or difficulty in discerning secondary metabolites within complex microbial extracts prior to isolation. Here, we demonstrate that ecological stimuli increase secondary metabolite production in phylogenetically diverse actinobacteria isolated from understudied hypogean environments. Additionally, we show that comparative metabolomics linking stimuli to metabolite response data can effectively reveal secondary metabolites within complex biological extracts. This approach highlighted secondary metabolites in almost all observed natural product classes, including low-abundance analogs of biologically relevant metabolites, as well as a new linear aminopolyol polyketide, funisamine. This study demonstrates the generality of activating stimuli to potentiate secondary metabolite production across diverse actinobacterial genera.	1
Title: Structure, Total Synthesis, and Biosynthesis of Chloromyxamides: Myxobacterial Tetrapeptides Featuring an Uncommon 6-Chloromethyl-5-methoxypipecolic Acid Building Block Abstract: Soil-living microbes are an important resource for the discovery of new natural products featuring great structural diversity that are reflective of the underlying biosynthetic pathways as well as incorporating a wide range of intriguing small-molecule building blocks. We report here the full structural elucidation, total synthesis, and biosynthesis of chloromyxamides, a new class of tetrapeptides that display an unprecedented 6-chloromethyl-5-methoxypipecolic acid (CMPA) substructure. Chemical synthesis-including an approach to access the CMPA unit-was pursued to confirm the structure of the chloromyxamides and enabled determination of the absolute configuration in the CMPA ring. A model for the nonribosomal assembly of chloromyxamides was devised on the basis of the combined evaluation of the biosynthetic gene cluster sequence and the feeding of stable isotope-labeled precursors. This provided insight into the formation of the various chloromyxamide derivatives and the biogenesis of the CMPA unit.	1
Title: Genetics of biosynthesis and structure of the K53 capsular polysaccharide of Acinetobacter baumannii D23 made up of a disaccharide K unit Abstract: The KL53 capsular polysaccharide (CPS) gene cluster of Acinetobacter baumannii D23 was sequenced, and includes a single gtr gene encoding the glycosyltransferase Gtr2, and the itrA1 gene for ItrA1 that is known to initiate CPS biosynthesis with d-QuiNAc4NAc. The K53 CPS was isolated and studied by one- and two-dimensional 1H and 13C nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy before and after O-deacetylation. The disaccharide K unit of the CPS was established as →3)-α-d-GalpNAcA4Ac-(1→3)-β-d-QuipNAc4NAc-(1→, where GalNAcA and QuiNAc4NAc indicate 2-acetamido-2-deoxygalacturonic acid and 2,4-diacetamido-2,4,6-trideoxyglucose, respectively. This established the linkage formed by Gtr2. The degree of 4-O-acetylation of d-GalNAcA by Atr18, encoded at the KL53 locus, is ~55 %.	1
Title: Efficient biosynthesis of heterodimeric C3-aryl pyrroloindoline alkaloids Abstract: Many natural products contain the hexahydropyrrolo[2, 3-b]indole (HPI) framework. HPI containing chemicals exhibit various biological activities and distinguishable structural arrangement. This structural complexity renders chemical synthesis very challenging. Here, through investigating the biosynthesis of a naturally occurring C3-aryl HPI, naseseazine C (NAS-C), we identify a P450 enzyme (NascB) and reveal that NascB catalyzes a radical cascade reaction to form intramolecular and intermolecular carbon-carbon bonds with both regio- and stereo-specificity. Surprisingly, the limited freedom is allowed in specificity to generate four types of C3-aryl HPI scaffolds, and two of them were not previously observed. By incorporating NascB into an engineered strain of E. coli, we develop a whole-cell biocatalysis system for efficient production of NAS-C and 30 NAS analogs. Interestingly, we find that some of these analogs exhibit potent neuroprotective properties. Thus, our biocatalytic methodology offers an efficient and simple route to generate difficult HPI framework containing chemicals.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the neurotoxin domoic acid in a bloom-forming diatom Abstract: Oceanic harmful algal blooms of Pseudo-nitzschia diatoms produce the potent mammalian neurotoxin domoic acid (DA). Despite decades of research, the molecular basis for its biosynthesis is not known. By using growth conditions known to induce DA production in Pseudo-nitzschia multiseries, we implemented transcriptome sequencing in order to identify DA biosynthesis genes that colocalize in a genomic four-gene cluster. We biochemically investigated the recombinant DA biosynthetic enzymes and linked their mechanisms to the construction of DA's diagnostic pyrrolidine skeleton, establishing a model for DA biosynthesis. Knowledge of the genetic basis for toxin production provides an orthogonal approach to bloom monitoring and enables study of environmental factors that drive oceanic DA production.	1
Title: Alternative Biosynthetic Starter Units Enhance the Structural Diversity of Cyanobacterial Lipopeptides Abstract: Puwainaphycins (PUWs) and minutissamides (MINs) are structurally analogous cyclic lipopeptides possessing cytotoxic activity. Both types of compound exhibit high structural variability, particularly in the fatty acid (FA) moiety. Although a biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for synthesis of several PUW variants has been proposed in a cyanobacterial strain, the genetic background for MINs remains unexplored. Herein, we report PUW/MIN biosynthetic gene clusters and structural variants from six cyanobacterial strains. Comparison of biosynthetic gene clusters indicates a common origin of the PUW/MIN hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase and polyketide synthase. Surprisingly, the biosynthetic gene clusters encode two alternative biosynthetic starter modules, and analysis of structural variants suggests that initiation by each of the starter modules results in lipopeptides of differing lengths and FA substitutions. Among additional modifications of the FA chain, chlorination of minutissamide D was explained by the presence of a putative halogenase gene in the PUW/MIN gene cluster of Anabaena minutissima strain UTEX B 1613. We detected PUW variants bearing an acetyl substitution in Symplocastrum muelleri strain NIVA-CYA 644, consistent with an O-acetyltransferase gene in its biosynthetic gene cluster. The major lipopeptide variants did not exhibit any significant antibacterial activity, and only the PUW F variant was moderately active against yeast, consistent with previously published data suggesting that PUWs/MINs interact preferentially with eukaryotic plasma membranes.IMPORTANCE Herein, we deciphered the most important biosynthetic traits of a prominent group of bioactive lipopeptides. We reveal evidence for initiation of biosynthesis by two alternative starter units hardwired directly in the same gene cluster, eventually resulting in the production of a remarkable range of lipopeptide variants. We identified several unusual tailoring genes potentially involved in modifying the fatty acid chain. Careful characterization of these biosynthetic gene clusters and their diverse products could provide important insight into lipopeptide biosynthesis in prokaryotes. Some of the variants identified exhibit cytotoxic and antifungal properties, and some are associated with a toxigenic biofilm-forming strain. The findings may prove valuable to researchers in the fields of natural product discovery and toxicology.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Long-Chain N-Acyl Amide by a Truncated Polyketide Synthase-Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Hybrid Megasynthase in Fungi Abstract: Truncated iterative polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) megasynthases in which only the C domain is present are widespread in fungi, yet nearly all members have unknown functions. Bioinformatics analysis showed that the C domains of such PKS-C enzymes are noncanonical due to substitution at the second histidine in the active site HHxxxDG motif. Here, we used genome mining strategy to characterize a cryptic PKS-C hybrid from Talaromyces wortmanii and discovered the products are reduced long-chain polyketides amidated with a specific ω-amino acid 5-aminopentanoic acid (5PA). The wortmanamides resemble long-chain N-acyl-amide signaling lipids that target diverse receptors including GPCRs. The noncanonical C domain of this PKS-C hybrid was also demonstrated to be a bona fide condensation domain that specifically selects 5PA and catalyzes amidation to release polyketide chain.	1
Title: A genetics-free method for high-throughput discovery of cryptic microbial metabolites Abstract: Bacteria contain an immense untapped trove of novel secondary metabolites in the form of 'silent' biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). These can be identified bioinformatically but are not expressed under normal laboratory growth conditions. Methods to access their products would dramatically expand the pool of bioactive compounds. We report a universal high-throughput method for activating silent BGCs in diverse microorganisms. Our approach relies on elicitor screening to induce the secondary metabolome of a given strain and imaging mass spectrometry to visualize the resulting metabolomes in response to ~500 conditions. Because it does not require challenging genetic, cloning, or culturing procedures, this method can be used with both sequenced and unsequenced bacteria. We demonstrate the power of the approach by applying it to diverse bacteria and report the discovery of nine cryptic metabolites with potentially therapeutic bioactivities, including a new glycopeptide chemotype with potent inhibitory activity against a pathogenic virus.	1
Title: Identification of the Amipurimycin Gene Cluster Yields Insight into the Biosynthesis of C9 Sugar Nucleoside Antibiotics Abstract: Feeding studies indicate a possible synthetic pattern for the N-terminal cis-aminocyclopentane carboxylic acid (ACPC) and suggest an unusual source of the high-carbon sugar skeleton of amipurimycin (APM). The biosynthetic gene cluster of APM was identified and confirmed by in vivo experiments. A C9 core intermediate was discovered from null mutants of ACPC pathway, and an ATP-grasp enzyme (ApmA8) was reconstituted in vitro for ACPC loading. Our observations allow a first proposal of the APM biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Structure of Hierridin C, Synthesis of Hierridins B and C, and Evidence for Prevalent Alkylresorcinol Biosynthesis in Picocyanobacteria Abstract: Small, single-celled planktonic cyanobacteria are ubiquitous in the world's oceans yet tend not to be perceived as secondary metabolite-rich organisms. Here we report the isolation and structure elucidation of hierridin C, a minor metabolite obtained from the cultured picocyanobacterium Cyanobium sp. LEGE 06113. We describe a simple, straightforward synthetic route to the scarcely produced hierridins that relies on a key regioselective halogenation step. In addition, we show that these compounds originate from a type III PKS pathway and that similar biosynthetic gene clusters are found in a variety of bacterial genomes, most notably those of the globally distributed picocyanobacteria genera Prochlorococcus, Cyanobium and Synechococcus.	1
Title: Catenulisporolides, Glycosylated Triene Macrolides from the Chemically Underexploited Actinomycete Catenulispora Species Abstract: New glycosylated 26-membered triene macrolides catenulisporolides, the first polyketide metabolites from Catenulispora species, were obtained by targeting slow-forming colonies on selection agar plates and applying long-term cultivation. Their structures, including the full stereochemistry, were defined by comprehensive spectroscopic and chemical methods and confirmed by bioinformatics analysis. Analysis of the genome sequence revealed the responsible biosynthetic gene cluster spanning ∼160 kbp, and feeding experiments with isotope-labeled precursors showed that isovaleric acid acts as a rare starter unit. Catenulisporolides exhibited antimalarial activities against resistant strains of Plasmodium falciparum, and enhanced activity was observed in semisynthetic derivatives.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression of the Nybomycin Gene Cluster from the Marine Strain Streptomyces albus subsp. chlorinus NRRL B-24108 Abstract: Streptomycetes represent an important reservoir of active secondary metabolites with potential applications in the pharmaceutical industry. The gene clusters responsible for their production are often cryptic under laboratory growth conditions. Characterization of these clusters is therefore essential for the discovery of new microbial pharmaceutical drugs. Here, we report the identification of the previously uncharacterized nybomycin gene cluster from the marine actinomycete Streptomyces albus subsp. chlorinus through its heterologous expression. Nybomycin has previously been reported to act against quinolone-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains harboring a mutated gyrA gene but not against those with intact gyrA. The nybomycin-resistant mutants generated from quinolone-resistant mutants have been reported to be caused by a back-mutation in the gyrA gene that restores susceptibility to quinolones. On the basis of gene function assignment from bioinformatics analysis, we suggest a model for nybomycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of a biosynthetic gene cluster required for the synthesis of BII-Rafflesfungin from the fungus Phoma sp. F3723 Abstract: Background:                       Phomafungin is a recently reported broad spectrum antifungal compound but its biosynthetic pathway is unknown. We combed publicly available Phoma genomes but failed to find any putative biosynthetic gene cluster that could account for its biosynthesis.                  Results:                       Therefore, we sequenced the genome of one of our Phoma strains (F3723) previously identified as having antifungal activity in a high-throughput screen. We found a biosynthetic gene cluster that was predicted to synthesize a cyclic lipodepsipeptide that differs in the amino acid composition compared to Phomafungin. Antifungal activity guided isolation yielded a new compound, BII-Rafflesfungin, the structure of which was determined.                  Conclusions:                       We describe the NRPS-t1PKS cluster 'BIIRfg' compatible with the synthesis of the cyclic lipodepsipeptide BII-Rafflesfungin [HMHDA-L-Ala-L-Glu-L-Asn-L-Ser-L-Ser-D-Ser-D-allo-Thr-Gly]. We report new Stachelhaus codes for Ala, Glu, Asn, Ser, Thr, and Gly. We propose a mechanism for BII-Rafflesfungin biosynthesis, which involves the formation of the lipid part by BIIRfg_PKS followed by activation and transfer of the lipid chain by a predicted AMP-ligase on to the first PCP domain of the BIIRfg_NRPS gene.	1
Title: The ADEP Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Streptomyces hawaiiensis NRRL 15010 Reveals an Accessory clpP Gene as a Novel Antibiotic Resistance Factor Abstract: The increasing threat posed by multiresistant bacterial pathogens necessitates the discovery of novel antibacterials with unprecedented modes of action. ADEP1, a natural compound produced by Streptomyces hawaiiensis NRRL 15010, is the prototype for a new class of acyldepsipeptide (ADEP) antibiotics. ADEP antibiotics deregulate the proteolytic core ClpP of the bacterial caseinolytic protease, thereby exhibiting potent antibacterial activity against Gram-positive bacteria, including multiresistant pathogens. ADEP1 and derivatives, here collectively called ADEP, have been previously investigated for their antibiotic potency against different species, structure-activity relationship, and mechanism of action; however, knowledge on the biosynthesis of the natural compound and producer self-resistance have remained elusive. In this study, we identified and analyzed the ADEP biosynthetic gene cluster in S. hawaiiensis NRRL 15010, which comprises two NRPSs, genes necessary for the biosynthesis of (4S,2R)-4-methylproline, and a type II polyketide synthase (PKS) for the assembly of highly reduced polyenes. While no resistance factor could be identified within the gene cluster itself, we discovered an additional clpP homologous gene (named clpPADEP) located further downstream of the biosynthetic genes, separated from the biosynthetic gene cluster by several transposable elements. Heterologous expression of ClpPADEP in three ADEP-sensitive Streptomyces species proved its role in conferring ADEP resistance, thereby revealing a novel type of antibiotic resistance determinant.IMPORTANCE Antibiotic acyldepsipeptides (ADEPs) represent a promising new class of potent antibiotics and, at the same time, are valuable tools to study the molecular functioning of their target, ClpP, the proteolytic core of the bacterial caseinolytic protease. Here, we present a straightforward purification procedure for ADEP1 that yields substantial amounts of the pure compound in a time- and cost-efficient manner, which is a prerequisite to conveniently study the antimicrobial effects of ADEP and the operating mode of bacterial ClpP machineries in diverse bacteria. Identification and characterization of the ADEP biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces hawaiiensis NRRL 15010 enables future bioinformatics screenings for similar gene clusters and/or subclusters to find novel natural compounds with specific substructures. Most strikingly, we identified a cluster-associated clpP homolog (named clpPADEP) as an ADEP resistance gene. ClpPADEP constitutes a novel bacterial resistance factor that alone is necessary and sufficient to confer high-level ADEP resistance to Streptomyces across species.	1
Title: Cadasides, Calcium-Dependent Acidic Lipopeptides from the Soil Metagenome That Are Active against Multidrug-Resistant Bacteria Abstract: The growing threat of antibiotic resistance necessitates the discovery of antibiotics that are active against resistant pathogens. Calcium-dependent antibiotics are a small family of structurally diverse acidic lipopeptides assembled by nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) that are known to display various modes of action against antibiotic-resistant pathogens. Here we use NRPS adenylation (AD) domain sequencing to guide the identification, recovery, and cloning of the cde biosynthetic gene cluster from a soil metagenome. Heterologous expression of the cde biosynthetic gene cluster led to the production of cadasides A (1) and B (2), a subfamily of acidic lipopeptides that is distinct from previously characterized calcium-dependent antibiotics in terms of both overall structure and acidic residue rich peptide core. The cadasides inhibit the growth of multidrug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens by disrupting cell wall biosynthesis in the presence of high concentrations of calcium. Interestingly, sequencing of AD domains from diverse soils revealed that sequences predicted to arise from cadaside-like gene clusters are predominantly found in soils containing high levels of calcium carbonate.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of an anti-tuberculosis sesterterpenoid asperterpenoid A Abstract: A putative three-gene cluster for asperterpenoid A was identified. Step-wise reconstitution of this gene cluster in Aspergillus oryzae reveals that astC encodes a sesterterpene cyclase to synthesize preasperterpenoid A, which is dually oxidized by a P450 enzyme AstB to give asperterpenoid A along with a minor product asperterpenoid B, and asperterpenoid A is further oxidized by another P450 eznyme AstA to afford a new sesterterpenoid asperterpenoid C. Unexpectedly, asperterpenoids A and B, but not the final product asperterpenoid C, exhibit potent inhibitory activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis protein tyrosine phosphatase B with IC50 values of 3-6 μM.	1
Title: Ketoreductase Domain Dysfunction Expands Chemodiversity: Malyngamide Biosynthesis in the Cyanobacterium Okeania hirsuta Abstract: Dozens of type A malyngamides, principally identified by a decorated six-membered cyclohexanone headgroup and methoxylated lyngbic acid tail, have been isolated over several decades. Their environmental sources include macro- and microbiotic organisms, including sea hares, red alga, and cyanobacterial assemblages, but the true producing organism has remained enigmatic. Many type A analogues display potent bioactivity in human-health related assays, spurring an interest in this molecular class and its biosynthetic pathway. Here, we present the discovery of the type A malyngamide biosynthetic pathway in the first sequenced genome of the cyanobacterial genus Okeania. Bioinformatic analysis of two cultured Okeania genome assemblies identified 62 and 68 kb polyketide synthase/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS/NRPS) pathways with unusual loading and termination genes. NMR data of malyngamide C acetate derived from 13C-substrate-fed cultures provided evidence that an intact octanoate moiety is transferred to the first KS module via a LipM homologue originally associated with lipoic acid metabolism and implicated an inactive ketoreductase (KR0) as critical for six-membered ring formation, a hallmark of the malyngamide family. Phylogenetic analysis and homology modeling of the penultimate KR0 domain inferred structural cofactor binding and active site alterations as contributory to domain dysfunction, which was confirmed by recombinant protein expression and NADPH binding assay. The carbonyl retained from this KR0 ultimately enables an intramolecular Knoevenagel condensation to form the characteristic cyclohexanone ring. Understanding this critical step allows assignment of a biosynthetic model for all type A malyngamides, whereby well-characterized tailoring modifications explain the surprising proliferation and diversity of analogues.	1
Title: Characterization of the N-methyltransferases involved in the biosynthesis of toxoflavin, fervenulin and reumycin from Streptomyces hiroshimensis ATCC53615 Abstract: Toxoflavin (1), fervenulin (2), and reumycin (3), known to be produced by plant pathogen Burkholderia glumae BGR1, are structurally related 7-azapteridine antibiotics. Previous biosynthetic studies revealed that N-methyltransferase ToxA from B. glumae BGR1 catalyzed the sequential methylation at N6 and N1 in pyrimido[5,4-e]-as-triazine-5,7(6H,8H)-dione (4) to generate 1. However, the N8 methylation of 4 in the biosynthesis of fervenulin remains unclear. To explore the N-methyltransferases required for the biosynthesis of 1 and 2, we identified and characterized the fervenulin and toxoflavin biosynthetic gene clusters in S. hiroshimensis ATCC53615. On the basis of the structures of intermediates accumulated from the four N-methyltransferase gene inactivation mutants and systematic enzymatic methylation reactions, the tailoring steps for the methylation order in the biosynthesis of 1 and 2 were proposed. The N-methylation order and routes for the biosynthesis of fervenulin and toxoflavin in S. hiroshimensis are more complex and represent an obvious departure from those in B. glumae BGR1.	1
Title: Scalable Biosynthesis of the Seaweed Neurochemical, Kainic Acid Abstract: Kainic acid, the flagship member of the kainoid family of natural neurochemicals, is a widely used neuropharmacological agent that helped unravel the key role of ionotropic glutamate receptors, including the kainate receptor, in the central nervous system. Worldwide shortages of this seaweed natural product in the year 2000 prompted numerous chemical syntheses, including scalable preparations with as few as six-steps. Herein we report the discovery and characterization of the concise two-enzyme biosynthetic pathway to kainic acid from l-glutamic acid and dimethylallyl pyrophosphate in red macroalgae and show that the biosynthetic genes are co-clustered in genomes of Digenea simplex and Palmaria palmata. Moreover, we applied a key biosynthetic α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase enzyme in a biotransformation methodology to efficiently construct kainic acid on the gram scale. This study establishes both the feasibility of mining seaweed genomes for their biotechnological prowess.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Streptomyces atratus SCSIO ZH16: Discovery of Atratumycin and Identification of Its Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Genome mining of the deep sea-derived Streptomyces atratus SCSIO ZH16 enabled the activation of a cyclodepsipeptide gene cluster and isolation of its cinnamic acid-bearing product, atratumycin (1). Atratumycin's structure was elucidated on the basis of extensive spectroscopic experiments, X-ray data, and Marfey's method; a plausible biosynthesis and tailoring modification of 1 are also proposed and investigated. Additionally, atratumycin is active against Mycobacteria tuberculosis H37Ra and H37Rv with MICs of 3.8 and 14.6 μM, respectively.	1
Title: Identification of the gene cluster for bistropolone-humulene meroterpenoid biosynthesis in Phoma sp Abstract: Eupenifeldin, a bistropolone meroterpenoid, was first discovered as an antitumor agent from the fungus Eupenicillium brefeldianum. We also isolated this compound and a new congener from a strain of Phoma sp. (CGMCC 10481), and evaluated their antitumor effects. Eupenifeldin showed potent in vitro anti-glioma activity. This tropolone-humulene-tropolone meroterpenoid could be originated from two units of tropolone orthoquinone methides and a 10-hydroxyhumulene moiety via hetero-Diels-Alder reactions. To explore the biosynthesis of this class of tropolonic sesquiterpenes, the genome of a eupenifeldin-producing Phoma sp. was sequenced and analyzed. The biosynthetic gene cluster of eupenifeldin (eup) was identified and partially validated by genomic analysis, gene disruption, and product analysis. A nonreducing polyketide synthase EupA, a FAD-dependent monooxygenase EupB, and a non-heme Fe (II)-dependent dioxygenase EupC, were identified as the enzymes responsible for tropolone formation. While the terpene cyclase EupE of an unknown family was characterized to catalyze humulene formation, and a cytochrome P450 enzyme EupD was responsible for hydroxylation of humulene. This study sheds light on the biosynthesis of eupenifeldin, and paves the way to further decipher its biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Enzymatic Intermolecular Hetero-Diels-Alder Reaction in the Biosynthesis of Tropolonic Sesquiterpenes Abstract: Diels-Alder reactions are among the most powerful synthetic transformations to construct complex natural products. Despite that increasing of enzymatic intramolecular Diels-Alder reactions have been discovered, natural intermolecular Diels-Alderases are rarely described. Here, we report an intermolecular hetero-Diels-Alder reaction in the biosynthesis of tropolonic sesquiterpenes and functionally characterize EupfF as the first fungal intermolecular hetero-Diels-Alderase. We demonstrate that EupfF catalyzed the dehydration of a hydroxymethyl-containing tropolone (5) to generate a reactive tropolone o-quinone methide (6) and might further stereoselectively control the subsequent intermolecular hetero-Diels-Alder reaction with (1E,4E,8Z)-humulenol (8) to produce enantiomerically pure neosetophomone B (1). Our results reveal the biosynthetic pathway of 1 and expand the repertoire of activities of Diels-Alder cyclases.	1
Title: Discovery of Druggability-Improved Analogues by Investigation of the LL-D49194α1 Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of antitumor antibiotic LL-D49194α1 (LLD) was identified and comparatively analyzed with that of trioxacarcins. The tailoring genes encoding glycosyltransferase, methyltransferase and cytochrome P450 were systematically deleted, which led to the discovery of eight compounds from the mutants. Preliminary pharmaceutical evaluation revealed two intermediates exhibiting higher cytotoxicity, stability and solubility. These results highlighted the modification pathway for LLD biosynthesis, and provided highly potent, structurally simplified "unnatural" natural products with improved druggability.	1
Title: Pseudomonas Cyclic Lipopeptides Suppress the Rice Blast Fungus Magnaporthe oryzae by Induced Resistance and Direct Antagonism Abstract: Beneficial Pseudomonas spp. produce an array of antimicrobial secondary metabolites such as cyclic lipopeptides (CLPs). We investigated the capacity of CLP-producing Pseudomonas strains and their crude CLP extracts to control rice blast caused by Magnaporthe oryzae, both in a direct manner and via induced systemic resistance (ISR). In planta biocontrol assays showed that lokisin-, white line inducing principle (WLIP)-, entolysin- and N3-producing strains successfully induced resistance to M. oryzae VT5M1. Furthermore, crude extracts of lokisin, WLIP and entolysin gave similar ISR results when tested in planta. In contrast, a xantholysin-producing strain and crude extracts of N3, xantholysin and orfamide did not induce resistance against the rice blast disease. The role of WLIP in triggering ISR was further confirmed by using WLIP-deficient mutants. The severity of rice blast disease was significantly reduced when M. oryzae spores were pre-treated with crude extracts of N3, lokisin, WLIP, entolysin or orfamide prior to inoculation. In vitro microscopic assays further revealed the capacity of crude N3, lokisin, WLIP, entolysin, xantholysin and orfamide to significantly inhibit appressoria formation by M. oryzae. In addition, the lokisin and WLIP biosynthetic gene clusters in the producing strains are described. In short, our study demonstrates the biological activity of structurally diverse CLPs in the control of the rice blast disease caused by M. oryzae. Furthermore, we provide insight into the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase genes encoding the WLIP and lokisin biosynthetic machineries.	1
Title: Identifying the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for Triacsins with an N-Hydroxytriazene Moiety Abstract: Triacsins are a family of natural products having in common an N-hydroxytriazene moiety not found in any other known secondary metabolites. Though many studies have examined the biological activity of triacsins in lipid metabolism, their biosynthesis has remained unknown. Here we report the identification of the triacsin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces aureofaciens ATCC 31442. Bioinformatic analysis of the gene cluster led to the discovery of the tacrolimus producer Streptomyces tsukubaensis NRRL 18488 as a new triacsin producer. In addition to targeted gene disruption to identify necessary genes for triacsin production, stable isotope feeding was performed in vivo to advance the understanding of N-hydroxytriazene biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of the C-Glycoside Synthases during Biosynthesis of the Pyrazole-C-Nucleosides Formycin and Pyrazofurin Abstract: C-Nucleosides are characterized by a C-C rather than a C-N linkage between the heterocyclic base and the ribofuranose ring. While the biosynthesis of pseudouridine-C-nucleosides has been studied, less is known about the pyrazole-C-nucleosides such as the formycins and pyrazofurin. Herein, genome screening of Streptomyces candidus NRRL 3601 led to the discovery of the pyrazofurin biosynthetic gene cluster pyf. In vitro characterization of gene product PyfQ demonstrated that it is able to catalyze formation of the C-glycoside carboxyhydroxypyrazole ribonucleotide (CHPR) from 4-hydroxy-1H-pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid and phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate (PRPP). Similarly, ForT, the PyfQ homologue in the formycin pathway, can catalyze the coupling of 4-amino-1H-pyrazole-3,5-dicarboxylic acid and PRPP to form carboxyaminopyrazole ribonucleotide. Finally, PyfP and PyfT are shown to catalyze amidation of CHPR to pyrazofurin 5'-phosphate thereby establishing the latter stages of both pyrazofurin and formycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Comparative Investigation into Formycin A and Pyrazofurin A Biosynthesis Reveals Branch Pathways for the Construction of C-Nucleoside Scaffolds Abstract: Formycin A (FOR-A) and pyrazofurin A (PRF-A) are purine-related C-nucleoside antibiotics in which ribose and a pyrazole-derived base are linked by a C-glycosidic bond. However, the logic underlying the biosynthesis of these molecules has remained largely unexplored. Here, we report the discovery of the pathways for FOR-A and PRF-A biosynthesis from diverse actinobacteria and propose that their biosynthesis is likely initiated by a lysine N6-monooxygenase. Moreover, we show that forT and prfT (involved in FOR-A and PRF-A biosynthesis, respectively) mutants are correspondingly capable of accumulating the unexpected pyrazole-related intermediates 4-amino-3,5-dicarboxypyrazole and 3,5-dicarboxy-4-oxo-4,5-dihydropyrazole. We also decipher the enzymatic mechanism of ForT/PrfT for C-glycosidic bond formation in FOR-A/PRF-A biosynthesis. To our knowledge, ForT/PrfT represents an example of β-RFA-P (β-ribofuranosyl-aminobenzene 5'-phosphate) synthase-like enzymes governing C-nucleoside scaffold construction in natural product biosynthesis. These data establish a foundation for combinatorial biosynthesis of related purine nucleoside antibiotics and also open the way for target-directed genome mining of PRF-A/FOR-A-related antibiotics.IMPORTANCE FOR-A and PRF-A are C-nucleoside antibiotics known for their unusual chemical structures and remarkable biological activities. Deciphering the enzymatic mechanism for the construction of a C-nucleoside scaffold during FOR-A/PRF-A biosynthesis will not only expand the biochemical repertoire for novel enzymatic reactions but also permit target-oriented genome mining of FOR-A/PRF-A-related C-nucleoside antibiotics. Moreover, the availability of FOR-A/PRF-A biosynthetic gene clusters will pave the way for the rational generation of designer FOR-A/PRF-A derivatives with enhanced/selective bioactivity via synthetic biology strategies.	1
Title: Bacterial Analogs of Plant Tetrahydropyridine Alkaloids Mediate Microbial Interactions in a Rhizosphere Model System Abstract: Plants expend significant resources to select and maintain rhizosphere communities that benefit their growth and protect them from pathogens. A better understanding of assembly and function of rhizosphere microbial communities will provide new avenues for improving crop production. Secretion of antibiotics is one means by which bacteria interact with neighboring microbes and sometimes change community composition. In our analysis of a taxonomically diverse consortium from the soybean rhizosphere, we found that Pseudomonas koreensis selectively inhibits growth of Flavobacterium johnsoniae and other members of the Bacteroidetes grown in soybean root exudate. A genetic screen in P. koreensis identified a previously uncharacterized biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for the inhibitory activity. Metabolites were isolated based on biological activity and were characterized using tandem mass spectrometry, multidimensional nuclear magnetic resonance, and Mosher ester analysis, leading to the discovery of a new family of bacterial tetrahydropyridine alkaloids, koreenceine A to D (metabolites 1 to 4). Three of these metabolites are analogs of the plant alkaloid γ-coniceine. Comparative analysis of the koreenceine cluster with the γ-coniceine pathway revealed distinct polyketide synthase routes to the defining tetrahydropyridine scaffold, suggesting convergent evolution. Koreenceine-type pathways are widely distributed among Pseudomonas species, and koreenceine C was detected in another Pseudomonas species from a distantly related cluster. This work suggests that Pseudomonas and plants convergently evolved the ability to produce similar alkaloid metabolites that can mediate interbacterial competition in the rhizosphere.IMPORTANCE The microbiomes of plants are critical to host physiology and development. Microbes are attracted to the rhizosphere due to massive secretion of plant photosynthates from roots. Microorganisms that successfully join the rhizosphere community from bulk soil have access to more abundant and diverse molecules, producing a highly competitive and selective environment. In the rhizosphere, as in other microbiomes, little is known about the genetic basis for individual species' behaviors within the community. In this study, we characterized competition between Pseudomonas koreensis and Flavobacterium johnsoniae, two common rhizosphere inhabitants. We identified a widespread gene cluster in several Pseudomonas spp. that is necessary for the production of a novel family of tetrahydropyridine alkaloids that are structural analogs of plant alkaloids. We expand the known repertoire of antibiotics produced by Pseudomonas in the rhizosphere and demonstrate the role of the metabolites in interactions with other rhizosphere bacteria.	1
Title: Genetic Characterization of Neosartorin Biosynthesis Provides Insight into Heterodimeric Natural Product Generation Abstract: A biosynthetic gene cluster of the fungal xanthone heterodimer neosartorin (1) was discovered in Aspergillus novofumigatus, and its biosynthesis was investigated by a series of gene-deletion experiments. The results indicate that the two monomeric units of 1 are synthesized by the same set of enzymes, with chrysophanol (5) as a common precursor. Furthermore, the P450 monooxygenase NsrP for the heterodimerization was discovered, which also accepts non-native substrates to afford novel xanthone dimers.	1
Title: Functional and evolutionary characterization of a secondary metabolite gene cluster in budding yeasts Abstract: Secondary metabolites are key in how organisms from all domains of life interact with their environment and each other. The iron-binding molecule pulcherrimin was described a century ago, but the genes responsible for its production in budding yeasts have remained uncharacterized. Here, we used phylogenomic footprinting on 90 genomes across the budding yeast subphylum Saccharomycotina to identify the gene cluster associated with pulcherrimin production. Using targeted gene replacements in Kluyveromyces lactis, we characterized the four genes that make up the cluster, which likely encode two pulcherriminic acid biosynthesis enzymes, a pulcherrimin transporter, and a transcription factor involved in both biosynthesis and transport. The requirement of a functional putative transporter to utilize extracellular pulcherrimin-complexed iron demonstrates that pulcherriminic acid is a siderophore, a chelator that binds iron outside the cell for subsequent uptake. Surprisingly, we identified homologs of the putative transporter and transcription factor genes in multiple yeast genera that lacked the biosynthesis genes and could not make pulcherrimin, including the model yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae We deleted these previously uncharacterized genes and showed they are also required for pulcherrimin utilization in S. cerevisiae, raising the possibility that other genes of unknown function are linked to secondary metabolism. Phylogenetic analyses of this gene cluster suggest that pulcherrimin biosynthesis and utilization were ancestral to budding yeasts, but the biosynthesis genes and, subsequently, the utilization genes, were lost in many lineages, mirroring other microbial public goods systems that lead to the rise of cheater organisms.	1
Title: Fungal Isocyanide Synthases and Xanthocillin Biosynthesis in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Microbial secondary metabolites, including isocyanide moieties, have been extensively mined for their repertoire of bioactive properties. Although the first naturally occurring isocyanide (xanthocillin) was isolated from the fungus Penicillium notatum over half a century ago, the biosynthetic origins of fungal isocyanides remain unknown. Here we report the identification of a family of isocyanide synthases (ICSs) from the opportunistic human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus Comparative metabolomics of overexpression or knockout mutants of ICS candidate genes led to the discovery of a fungal biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) that produces xanthocillin (xan). Detailed analysis of xanthocillin biosynthesis in A. fumigatus revealed several previously undescribed compounds produced by the xan BGC, including two novel members of the melanocin family of compounds. We found both the xan BGC and a second ICS-containing cluster, named the copper-responsive metabolite (crm) BGC, to be transcriptionally responsive to external copper levels and further demonstrated that production of metabolites from the xan BGC is increased during copper starvation. The crm BGC includes a novel type of fungus-specific ICS-nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) hybrid enzyme, CrmA. This family of ICS-NRPS hybrid enzymes is highly enriched in fungal pathogens of humans, insects, and plants. Phylogenetic assessment of all ICSs spanning the tree of life shows not only high prevalence throughout the fungal kingdom but also distribution in species not previously known to harbor BGCs, indicating an untapped resource of fungal secondary metabolism.IMPORTANCE Fungal ICSs are an untapped resource in fungal natural product research. Their isocyanide products have been implicated in plant and insect pathogenesis due to their ability to coordinate transition metals and disable host metalloenzymes. The discovery of a novel isocyanide-producing family of hybrid ICS-NRPS enzymes enriched in medically and agriculturally important fungal pathogens may reveal mechanisms underlying pathogenicity and afford opportunities to discover additional families of isocyanides. Furthermore, the identification of noncanonical ICS BGCs will enable refinement of BGC prediction algorithms to expand on the secondary metabolic potential of fungal and bacterial species. The identification of genes related to ICS BGCs in fungal species not previously known for secondary metabolite-producing capabilities (e.g., Saccharomyces spp.) contributes to our understanding of the evolution of BGC in fungi.	1
Title: Toblerols: Cyclopropanol-Containing Polyketide Modulators of Antibiosis in Methylobacteria Abstract: Trans-AT polyketide synthases (PKSs) are a family of biosynthetically versatile modular type I PKSs that generate bioactive polyketides of impressive structural diversity. In this study, we detected, in the genome of several bacteria a cryptic, architecturally unusual trans-AT PKS gene cluster which eluded automated PKS prediction. Genomic mining of one of these strains, the model methylotroph Methylobacterium extorquens AM1, revealed unique epoxide- and cyclopropanol-containing polyketides named toblerols. Relative and absolute stereochemistry were determined by NMR experiments, chemical derivatization, and the comparison of CD data between the derivatized natural product and a synthesized model compound. Biosynthetic data suggest that the cyclopropanol moiety is generated by carbon-carbon shortening of a more extended precursor. Surprisingly, a knock-out strain impaired in polyketide production showed strong inhibitory activity against other methylobacteria in contrast to the wild-type producer. The activity was inhibited by complementation with toblerols, thus suggesting that these compounds modulate an as-yet unknown methylobacterial antibiotic.	1
Title: Enzymatic Thioamide Formation in a Bacterial Antimetabolite Pathway Abstract: 6-Thioguanine (6TG) is a DNA-targeting therapeutic used in the treatment of various cancers. While 6TG was rationally designed as a proof of concept for antimetabolite therapy, it is also a rare thioamide-bearing bacterial natural product and critical virulence factor of Erwinia amylovorans, plant pathogens that cause fire blight. Through gene expression, biochemical assays, and mutational analyses, we identified a specialized bipartite enzyme system, consisting of an ATP-dependent sulfur transferase (YcfA) and a sulfur-mobilizing enzyme (YcfC), that is responsible for the peculiar oxygen-by-sulfur substitution found in the biosynthesis of 6TG. Mechanistic and phylogenetic studies revealed that YcfA-mediated 6TG biosynthesis evolved from ancient tRNA modifications that support translational fidelity. The successful in vitro reconstitution of 6TG thioamidation showed that YcfA employs a specialized sulfur shuttle that markedly differs from universal RNA-related systems. This study sheds light on underexplored enzymatic C-S bond formation in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Discovery of a pathway for terminal-alkyne amino acid biosynthesis Abstract: Living systems can generate an enormous range of cellular functions, from mechanical infrastructure and signalling networks to enzymatic catalysis and information storage, using a notably limited set of chemical functional groups. This observation is especially notable when compared to the breadth of functional groups used as the basis for similar functions in synthetically derived small molecules and materials. The relatively small cross-section between biological and synthetic reactivity space forms the foundation for the development of bioorthogonal chemistry, in which the absence of a pair of reactive functional groups within the cell allows for a selective in situ reaction1-4. However, biologically 'rare' functional groups, such as the fluoro5, chloro6,7, bromo7,8, phosphonate9, enediyne10,11, cyano12, diazo13, alkene14 and alkyne15-17 groups, continue to be discovered in natural products made by plants, fungi and microorganisms, which offers a potential route to genetically encode the endogenous biosynthesis of bioorthogonal reagents within living organisms. In particular, the terminal alkyne has found broad utility via the Cu(I)-catalysed azide-alkyne cycloaddition 'click' reaction18. Here we report the discovery and characterization of a unique pathway to produce a terminal alkyne-containing amino acid in the bacterium Streptomyces cattleya. We found that L-lysine undergoes an unexpected reaction sequence that includes halogenation, oxidative C-C bond cleavage and triple bond formation through a putative allene intermediate. This pathway offers the potential for de novo cellular production of halo-, alkene- and alkyne-labelled proteins and natural products from glucose for a variety of downstream applications.	1
Title: Oryzines A & B, Maleidride Congeners from Aspergillus oryzae and Their Putative Biosynthesis Abstract: Aspergillus oryzae is traditionally used in East Asia for the production of food and brewing. In addition, it has been developed into a suitable host for the heterologous expression of natural product biosynthetic genes and gene clusters, enabling the functional analysis of the encoded enzymes. A. oryzae shares a 99.5% genome homology with Aspergillus flavus, but their secondary metabolomes differ significantly and various compounds unique to A. oryzae have been reported. While using A. oryzae as a host for heterologous expression experiments we discovered two new metabolites in extracts of A. oryzae M-2-3 with an unusual maleidride backbone, which were named oryzine A and B. Their structures were elucidated by high resolution mass spectrometry (HRMS) and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) analysis. Their structural relationships with known maleidrides implied involvement of a citrate synthase (CS) and a polyketide (PKS) or fatty acid synthase (FAS) in their biosynthesis. Analysis of the A. oryzae genome revealed a single putative biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) consistent with the hypothetical biosynthesis of the oryzines. These findings increase knowledge of the chemical potential of A. oryzae and are the first attempt to link a novel product of this fungus with genomic data.	1
Title: Discovery and Elucidation of the Biosynthesis of Aspernidgulenes: Novel Polyenes from Aspergillus Nidulans by Using Serial Promoter Replacement Abstract: Through serial promoter exchanges, we isolated several novel polyenes, the aspernidgulenes, from Aspergillus nidulans and uncovered their succinct biosynthetic pathway involving only four enzymes. An enoyl reductase (ER)-less highly reducing polyketide synthase (HR-PKS) putatively produces a 5,6-dihydro-α-pyrone polyene, which undergoes bisepoxidation, epoxide ring opening, cyclization, and hydrolytic cleavage by three tailoring enzymes to generate aspernidgulene A1 and A2. Our findings demonstrate the prowess of fungal-tailoring enzymes to transform a polyketide scaffold concisely and efficiently into complex structures. Moreover, comparison with citreoviridin and aurovertin biosynthesis suggests that methylation of the α-pyrone hydroxy group by methyltransferase (CtvB or AurB) is the branching point at which the biosynthesis of these two classes of compounds diverge. Therefore, scanning for the presence or absence of the gatekeeping α-pyrone methyltransferase gene in homologous clusters might be a potential way to classify the product bioinformatically as belonging to methylated α-pyrone polyenes or polyenes containing rings derived from the cyclization of the unmethylated 5,6-dihydro-α-pyrone, such as 2,3-dimethyl-γ-lactone and oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane.	1
Title: Regio- and stereoselective intermolecular oxidative phenol coupling in Streptomyces Abstract: Intermolecular oxidative phenol coupling is the main process in nature for the formation of atroposelective biaryl compounds. Although well defined in plants and fungi, this type of dimerization reaction in bacteria is poorly understood. Therefore, the biosynthesis of julichromes, spectomycins, and setomimycin was investigated. The monomeric subunits of these biarylic pre-anthraquinones are derived from a common polyketidic precursor, yet the coupling reaction proceeds in a regioselective manner, with the position of attachment of the two subunits depending on the specific streptomycete strain. By using genome analysis and deletion experiments, the biosynthetic gene clusters were identified. Furthermore, it was established that cytochrome P450 enzymes are fundamentally involved during dimerization of the polyketide monomers.	1
Title: Crochelins: Siderophores with an Unprecedented Iron-Chelating Moiety from the Nitrogen-Fixing Bacterium Azotobacter chroococcum Abstract: Microbes use siderophores to access essential iron resources in the environment. Over 500 siderophores are known, but they utilize a small set of common moieties to bind iron. Azotobacter chroococcum expresses iron-rich nitrogenases, with which it reduces N2 . Though an important agricultural inoculant, the structures of its iron-binding molecules remain unknown. Here, the "chelome" of A. chroococcum is examined using small molecule discovery and bioinformatics. The bacterium produces vibrioferrin and amphibactins as well as a novel family of siderophores, the crochelins. Detailed characterization shows that the most abundant member, crochelin A, binds iron in a hexadentate fashion using a new iron-chelating γ-amino acid. Insights into the biosynthesis of crochelins and the mechanism by which iron may be removed upon import of the holo-siderophore are presented. This work expands the repertoire of iron-chelating moieties in microbial siderophores.	1
Title: The biosynthesis of methanobactin Abstract: Metal homeostasis poses a major challenge to microbes, which must acquire scarce elements for core metabolic processes. Methanobactin, an extensively modified copper-chelating peptide, was one of the earliest natural products shown to enable microbial acquisition of a metal other than iron. We describe the core biosynthetic machinery responsible for the characteristic posttranslational modifications that grant methanobactin its specificity and affinity for copper. A heterodimer comprising MbnB, a DUF692 family iron enzyme, and MbnC, a protein from a previously unknown family, performs a dioxygen-dependent four-electron oxidation of the precursor peptide (MbnA) to install an oxazolone and an adjacent thioamide, the characteristic methanobactin bidentate copper ligands. MbnB and MbnC homologs are encoded together and separately in many bacterial genomes, suggesting functions beyond their roles in methanobactin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and secretion of the microbial sulfated peptide RaxX and binding to the rice XA21 immune receptor Abstract: The rice immune receptor XA21 is activated by the sulfated microbial peptide required for activation of XA21-mediated immunity X (RaxX) produced by Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae (Xoo). Mutational studies and targeted proteomics revealed that the RaxX precursor peptide (proRaxX) is processed and secreted by the protease/transporter RaxB, the function of which can be partially fulfilled by a noncognate peptidase-containing transporter component B (PctB). proRaxX is cleaved at a Gly-Gly motif, yielding a mature peptide that retains the necessary elements for RaxX function as an immunogen and host peptide hormone mimic. These results indicate that RaxX is a prokaryotic member of a previously unclassified and understudied group of eukaryotic tyrosine sulfated ribosomally synthesized, posttranslationally modified peptides (RiPPs). We further demonstrate that sulfated RaxX directly binds XA21 with high affinity. This work reveals a complete, previously uncharacterized biological process: bacterial RiPP biosynthesis, secretion, binding to a eukaryotic receptor, and triggering of a robust host immune response.	1
Title: Albusnodin: an acetylated lasso peptide from Streptomyces albus Abstract: We describe a lasso peptide, albusnodin, that is post-translationally modified with an acetyl group, the first example of a lasso peptide with this modification. Using heterologous expression, we further show that the acetyltransferase colocalized with the albusnodin gene cluster is required for the biosynthesis of this lasso peptide. This type of lasso peptide is widespread in Actinobacteria with 44 examples found in currently sequenced genomes.	1
Title: Atolypenes, Tricyclic Bacterial Sesterterpenes Discovered Using a Multiplexed In Vitro Cas9-TAR Gene Cluster Refactoring Approach Abstract: Most natural product biosynthetic gene clusters identified in bacterial genomic and metagenomic sequencing efforts are silent under laboratory growth conditions. Here, we describe a scalable biosynthetic gene cluster activation method wherein the gene clusters are disassembled at interoperonic regions in vitro using CRISPR/Cas9 and then reassembled with PCR-amplified, short DNAs, carrying synthetic promoters, using transformation assisted recombination (TAR) in yeast. This simple, cost-effective, and scalable method allows for the simultaneous generation of combinatorial libraries of refactored gene clusters, eliminating the need to understand the transcriptional hierarchy of the silent genes. In two test cases, this in vitro disassembly-TAR reassembly method was used to create collections of promoter-replaced gene clusters that were tested in parallel to identify versions that enabled secondary metabolite production. Activation of the atolypene ( ato) gene cluster led to the characterization of two unprecedented bacterial cyclic sesterterpenes, atolypene A (1) and B (2), which are moderately cytotoxic to human cancer cell lines. This streamlined in vitro disassembly- in vivo reassembly method offers a simplified approach for silent gene cluster refactoring that should facilitate the discovery of natural products from silent gene clusters cloned from either metagenomes or cultured bacteria.	1
Title: An Uncommon Type II PKS Catalyzes Biosynthesis of Aryl Polyene Pigments Abstract: Aryl polyene (APE) pigments are a widely distributed class of bacterial polyketides. So far, little is known about the biosynthesis of these compounds, which are produced by a novel type II polyketide synthase (PKS). We have identified all enzymes involved in APE biosynthesis and determined their peculiar functions. The biosynthesis was reconstituted in vitro, and ACP-bound intermediates were assigned for each reaction step by HPLC-MS. Native mass spectrometry experiments identified four stable complexes: the acyl-carrier proteins ApeE and ApeF bound to the thioesterase ApeK, the dehydratases ApeI and ApeP, and the ketosynthase ApeO in complex with its chain-length factor ApeC. X-ray structures of the heterodimeric ApeO:ApeC and ApeI:ApeP complexes depict striking protein-protein interactions. Altogether, our study elucidated mechanistic aspects of APE biosynthesis that unifies elements of type II fatty acid and PKS systems, but in addition includes novel enzyme complexes.	1
Title: Refactoring the Cryptic Streptophenazine Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Unites Phenazine, Polyketide, and Nonribosomal Peptide Biochemistry Abstract: The disconnect between the genomic prediction of secondary metabolite biosynthetic potential and the observed laboratory production profile of microorganisms is well documented. While heterologous expression of biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) is often seen as a potential solution to bridge this gap, it is not immune to many challenges including impaired regulation, the inability to recruit essential building blocks, and transcriptional and/or translational silence of the biosynthetic genes. Here we report the discovery, cloning, refactoring, and heterologous expression of a cryptic hybrid phenazine-type BGC (spz) from the marine actinomycete Streptomyces sp. CNB-091. Overexpression of the engineered spz pathway resulted in increased production and chemical diversity of phenazine natural products belonging to the streptophenazine family, including bioactive members containing an unprecedented N-formylglycine attachment. An atypical discrete adenylation enzyme in the spz cluster is required to introduce the formylglycine moiety and represents a phylogenetically distinct class of adenylation proteins.	1
Title: Isolation and structure determination of a new cytotoxic peptide, curacozole, from Streptomyces curacoi based on genome mining Abstract: Using genome mining, a new cytotoxic peptide named curacozole was isolated from Streptomyces curacoi. Through ESI-MS and NMR analyses, curacozole was determined to be a macrocyclic peptide containing two isoleucine, two thiazole and three oxazole moieties. Curacozole exhibited potent cytotoxic activity against HCT116 and HOS cancer cells. The proposed biosynthetic gene cluster of curacozole was identified and compared with that of the related compound YM-216391.	1
Title: Targeted Rediscovery and Biosynthesis of the Farnesyl-Transferase Inhibitor Pepticinnamin E Abstract: The natural product pepticinnamin E potently inhibits protein farnesyl transferases and has potential applications in treating cancer and malaria. Pepticinnamin E contains a rare N-terminal cinnamoyl moiety as well as several nonproteinogenic amino acids, including the unusual 2-chloro-3-hydroxy-4-methoxy-N-methyl-L-phenylalanine. The biosynthesis of pepticinnamin E has remained uncharacterized because its original producing strain is no longer available. Here we identified a gene cluster (pcm) for this natural product in a new producer, Actinobacteria bacterium OK006, by means of a targeted rediscovery strategy. We demonstrated that the pcm cluster is responsible for the biosynthesis of pepticinnamin E, a nonribosomal peptide/polyketide hybrid. We also characterized a key O-methyltransferase that modifies 3,4-dihydroxy-l-phenylalanine. Our work has identified the gene cluster for pepticinnamins for the first time and sets the stage for elucidating the unique chemistry required for biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of the Anti-Infective Aborycin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster from Deep-Sea-Derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO ZS0098 Enables Production in a Heterologous Host Abstract: Aborycin is a ribosomally synthesized member of the type I lasso peptide natural products. In the present study, aborycin was isolated and identified from the deep-sea-derived microbe Streptomyces sp. SCSIO ZS0098. The aborycin biosynthetic gene cluster (abo) was identified on the basis of genome sequence analyses and then heterologously expressed in Streptomyces coelicolor M1152 to effectively produce aborycin. Aborycin generated in this fashion exhibited moderate antibacterial activity against 13 Staphylococcus aureus strains from various sources with minimum inhibitory concentrations MICs = 8.0~128 µg/mL, against Enterococcus faecalis ATCC 29212 with an MIC = 8.0 µg/mL, and against Bacillus thuringiensis with MIC = 2.0 µg/mL. Additionally, aborycin displayed potent antibacterial activity (MIC = 0.5 µg/mL) against the poultry pathogen Enterococcus gallinarum 5F52C. The reported abo cluster clearly has the potential to provide a means of expanding the repertoire of anti-infective type I lasso peptides.	1
Title: Discovery of the Tiancilactone Antibiotics by Genome Mining of Atypical Bacterial Type II Diterpene Synthases Abstract: Although genome mining has advanced the identification, discovery, and study of microbial natural products, the discovery of bacterial diterpenoids continues to lag behind. Herein, we report the identification of 66 putative producers of novel bacterial diterpenoids, and the discovery of the tiancilactone (TNL) family of antibiotics, by genome mining of type II diterpene synthases that do not possess the canonical DXDD motif. The TNLs, which are broad-spectrum antibiotics with moderate activities, are produced by both Streptomyces sp. CB03234 and Streptomyces sp. CB03238 and feature a highly functionalized diterpenoid skeleton that is further decorated with chloroanthranilate and γ-butyrolactone moieties. Genetic manipulation of the tnl gene cluster resulted in TNL congeners, which provided insights into their biosynthesis and structure-activity relationships. This work highlights the biosynthetic potential that bacteria possess to produce diterpenoids and should inspire continued efforts to discover terpenoid natural products from bacteria.	1
Title: Characterization of a Hybrid Nonribosomal Peptide-Carbohydrate Biosynthetic Pathway in Photorhabdus luminescens Abstract: Advances in genome sequencing and analysis have afforded a trove of "orphan" bacterial biosynthetic pathways, many of which contain hypothetical proteins. Given the potential for these hypothetical proteins to carry out novel chemistry, orphan pathways serve as a rich reservoir for the discovery of new enzymes responsible for the production of metabolites with both fascinating chemistries and biological functions. We previously identified a rare hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-carbohydrate genomic island in the entomopathogen Photorhabdus luminescens. Heterologous expression of the pathway led to the characterization of oligosaccharides harboring a 1,6-anhydro-β-d- N-acetyl-glucosamine moiety, but these new metabolites lacked modification by the NRPS machinery. Here, through the application of top-down protein mass spectrometry, pathway-targeted molecular networking, stable isotope labeling, and in vitro protein biochemistry, we complete the characterization of this biosynthetic pathway and identify the hybrid product of the pathway, a new "glycoamino acid" metabolite termed photolose. Intriguingly, a hypothetical protein served as a bridge to condense a glycyl unit derived from the NRPS machinery onto the free 1,6-anhydro-β-d- N-acetyl-glucosamine core. We further demonstrate that the gene cluster confers a growth advantage to antimicrobial peptide challenge.	1
Title: Involvement of β-Alkylation Machinery and Two Sets of Ketosynthase-Chain-Length Factors in the Biosynthesis of Fogacin Polyketides in Actinoplanes missouriensis Abstract: Fogacin and two novel fogacin derivatives, fogacins B and C, were isolated from the rare actinomycete Actinoplanes missouriensis. Biosynthesis of fogacin C apparently requires β alkylation of a polyketide chain. The fogacin biosynthetic type II polyketide synthase (PKS) gene cluster contains a hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A synthase (HCS) cassette, which is usually responsible for β alkylation in the type I PKS system. Another characteristic of the fog cluster is that it encodes two sets of ketosynthase (KS) and chain-length factor (CLF). Inactivation of either of the two KS genes in A. missouriensis and heterologous expression of the HCS cassette with either of the two KS-CLF genes in Streptomyces albus indicated that each KS-CLF had a different starter substrate specificity: one preferred an unusual β-alkylated starter and the other preferred a normal acetyl starter. This study expands knowledge of HCS cassette-dependent β alkylation into the type II PKS system and provides a natural example of combinatorial biosynthesis for producing diverse polyketides from different starter substrates.	1
Title: Armeniaspirol Antibiotic Biosynthesis: Chlorination and Oxidative Dechlorination Steps Affording Spiro[4.4]non-8-ene Abstract: Armeniaspirols are potent antibiotics containing an unusual spiro[4.4]non-8-ene moiety. Herein, we describe the cloning and functional analysis of the armeniaspirol biosynthetic gene cluster. Gene-inactivation studies and subsequent isolation of previously unknown biosynthetic intermediates shed light on intriguing biosynthetic details. Remarkably, deletion of ams15, which encodes a protein bearing a flavin-binding domain, led to the accumulation of several non-spiro intermediates with various numbers of chlorine substitutions on the pyrrole moiety. The di- and trichloropyrrole species were converted by Streptomyces albus expressing Ams15 into mono- and dichlorinated spiro derivatives, respectively. In addition, in vitro conversion of these non-spiro intermediates into des-N-methyl spiro intermediates by the cell lysate of the same recombinant strain proved Ams15 to be responsible for spiro formation through oxidative dehalogenation.	1
Title: Enzyme-catalysed [6+4] cycloadditions in the biosynthesis of natural products Abstract: Pericyclic reactions are powerful transformations for the construction of carbon-carbon and carbon-heteroatom bonds in organic synthesis. Their role in biosynthesis is increasingly apparent, and mechanisms by which pericyclases can catalyse reactions are of major interest1. [4+2] cycloadditions (Diels-Alder reactions) have been widely used in organic synthesis2 for the formation of six-membered rings and are now well-established in biosynthesis3-6. [6+4] and other 'higher-order' cycloadditions were predicted7 in 1965, and are now increasingly common in the laboratory despite challenges arising from the generation of a highly strained ten-membered ring system8,9. However, although enzyme-catalysed [6+4] cycloadditions have been proposed10-12, they have not been proven to occur. Here we demonstrate a group of enzymes that catalyse a pericyclic [6+4] cycloaddition, which is a crucial step in the biosynthesis of streptoseomycin-type natural products. This type of pericyclase catalyses [6+4] and [4+2] cycloadditions through a single ambimodal transition state, which is consistent with previous proposals11,12. The [6+4] product is transformed to a less stable [4+2] adduct via a facile Cope rearrangement, and the [4+2] adduct is converted into the natural product enzymatically. Crystal structures of three pericyclases, computational simulations of potential energies and molecular dynamics, and site-directed mutagenesis establish the mechanism of this transformation. This work shows how enzymes are able to catalyse concerted pericyclic reactions involving ambimodal transition states.	1
Title: Two Biosynthetic Pathways in Jahnella thaxteri for Thaxteramides, Distinct Types of Lipopeptides Abstract: The structures of five linear lipopeptides, thaxteramides A1, A2, B1, B2, and C isolated from the myxobacterium Jahnella thaxteri, were elucidated. They have a C-terminal common tetrapeptidic Tyr-Gly-β-Ala-Tyr core but differ in the stereochemistry of the tyrosine units, methylations, the remaining amino acids, and the N-terminal polyketide. In silico analysis of the genome sequence complemented with feeding experiments revealed two distinct hybrid PKS/NRPS gene clusters. Three semisynthesized cyclic analogues were found to inhibit the growth of Gram-positive bacteria.	1
Title: Cloning and identification of the Frigocyclinone biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces griseus strain NTK 97 Abstract: Frigocyclinone is a novel antibiotic with antibacterial and anticancer activities. It is produced by both Antarctica-derived Streptomyces griseus NTK 97 and marine sponge-associated Streptomyces sp. M7_15. Here, we first report the biosynthetic gene cluster of frigocyclinone in the S. griseus NTK 97. The frigocyclinone gene cluster spans a DNA region of 33-kb which consists of 30 open reading frames (ORFs), encoding minimal type II polyketide synthase, aromatase and cyclase, redox tailoring enzymes, sugar biosynthesis-related enzymes, C-glycosyltransferase, a resistance protein, and three regulatory proteins. Based on the bioinformatic analysis, a biosynthetic pathway for frigocyclinone was proposed. Second, to verify the cloned gene cluster, CRISPR-Cpf1 mediated gene disruption was conducted. Mutant with the disruption of beta-ketoacyl synthase encoding gene frig20 fully loses the ability of producing frigocyclinone, while inactivating the glycosyltransferase gene frig1 leads to the production of key intermediate of anti-MRSA anthraquinone tetrangomycin.	1
Title: Identification of biosynthetic genes for the β-carboline alkaloid kitasetaline and production of the fluorinated derivatives by heterologous expression Abstract: β-Carboline alkaloids exhibit a broad spectrum of pharmacological and biological activities and are widely distributed in nature. Genetic information on the biosynthetic mechanism of β-carboline alkaloids has not been accumulated in bacteria, because there are only a few reports on the microbial β-carboline compounds. We previously isolated kitasetaline, a mercapturic acid derivative of a β-carboline compound, from the genetically modified Kitasatospora setae strain and found a plausible biosynthetic gene cluster for kitasetaline. Here, we identified and characterized three kitasetaline (ksl) biosynthetic genes for the formation of the β-carboline core structure and a gene encoding mycothiol-S-conjugate amidase for the modification of the N-acetylcysteine moiety by using heterologous expression. The proposed model of kitasetaline biosynthesis shows unique enzymatic systems for β-carboline alkaloids. In addition, feeding fluorotryptophan to the heterologous Streptomyces hosts expressing the ksl genes led to the generation of unnatural β-carboline alkaloids exerting novel/potentiated bioactivities.	1
Title: Pentamycin Biosynthesis in Philippine Streptomyces sp. S816: Cytochrome P450-Catalyzed Installation of the C-14 Hydroxyl Group Abstract: Pentamycin is a polyene antibiotic, registered in Switzerland for the treatment of vaginal candidiasis, trichomoniasis, and mixed infections. Chemical instability has hindered its widespread application and development as a drug. Here, we report the identification of Streptomyces sp. S816, isolated from Philippine mangrove soil, as a pentamycin producer. Genome sequence analysis identified the putative pentamycin biosynthetic gene cluster, which shows a high degree of similarity to the gene cluster responsible for filipin III biosynthesis. The ptnJ gene, which is absent from the filipin III biosynthetic gene cluster, was shown to encode a cytochrome P450 capable of converting filipin III to pentamycin. This confirms that the cluster directs pentamycin biosynthesis, paving the way for biosynthetic engineering approaches to the production of pentamycin analogues. Several other Streptomyces genomes were found to contain ptnJ orthologues clustered with genes encoding polyketide synthases that appear to have similar architectures to those responsible for the assembly of filipin III and pentamycin, suggesting pentamycin production may be common in Streptomyces species.	1
Title: Organization of the biosynthetic gene cluster for the macrolide antibiotic spiramycin in Streptomyces ambofaciens Abstract: Spiramycin, a 16-membered macrolide antibiotic used in human medicine, is produced by Streptomyces ambofaciens; it comprises a polyketide lactone, platenolide, to which three deoxyhexose sugars are attached. In order to characterize the gene cluster governing the biosynthesis of spiramycin, several overlapping cosmids were isolated from an S. ambofaciens gene library, by hybridization with various probes (spiramycin resistance or biosynthetic genes, tylosin biosynthetic genes), and the sequences of their inserts were determined. Sequence analysis showed that the spiramycin biosynthetic gene cluster spanned a region of over 85 kb of contiguous DNA. In addition to the five previously described genes that encode the type I polyketide synthase involved in platenolide biosynthesis, 45 other genes have been identified. It was possible to propose a function for most of the inferred proteins in spiramycin biosynthesis, in its regulation, in resistance to the produced antibiotic or in the provision of extender units for the polyketide synthase. Two of these genes, predicted to be involved in deoxysugar biosynthesis, were inactivated by gene replacement, and the resulting mutants were unable to produce spiramycin, thus confirming their involvement in spiramycin biosynthesis. This work reveals the main features of spiramycin biosynthesis and constitutes a first step towards a detailed molecular analysis of the production of this medically important antibiotic.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression of Ilicicolin H Biosynthetic Gene Cluster and Production of a New Potent Antifungal Reagent, Ilicicolin J Abstract: Ilicicolin H is a broad-spectrum antifungal agent targeting mitochondrial cytochrome bc1 reductase. Unfortunately, ilicicolin H shows reduced activities in vivo. Here, we report our effort on the identification of ilicicolin H biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) by genomic sequencing a producing strain, Neonectria sp. DH2, and its heterologous production in Aspergillus nidulans. In addition, a shunt product with similar antifungal activities, ilicicolin J, was uncovered. This effort would provide a base for future combinatorial biosynthesis of ilicicolin H analogues. Bioinformatics analysis suggests that the backbone of ilicicolin H is assembled by a polyketide-nonribosomal peptide synthethase (IliA), and then offloaded with a tetramic acid moiety. Similar to tenellin biosynthesis, the tetramic acid is then converted to pyridone by a putative P450, IliC. The decalin portion is most possibly constructed by a S-adenosyl-l-methionine (SAM)-dependent Diels-Alderase (IliD).	1
Title: Discovery and Biosynthesis of Azabicyclene, a Conserved Nonribosomal Peptide in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Azabicyclene, an azetidine-containing natural product, was identified using quorum-sensing molecules to upregulate expression of a gene cluster highly conserved in the human pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Mutational studies of the gene cluster revealed essential genes for biosynthesis, including an unusual nonribosomal peptide synthetase. Reconstitution of this enzyme in vitro identified key biosynthetic intermediates. This work demonstrates a useful strategy for discovering quorum-sensing-regulated natural products. It sets the stage for understanding the biosynthesis and bioactivity of azabicyclene.	1
Title: Revised Structure of Anthelvencin A and Characterization of the Anthelvencin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Anthelvencins A and B are pyrrolamide metabolites produced by Streptomyces venezuelae ATCC 14583 and 14585. Isolated in 1965, they were reported to exhibit anthelmintic and moderate antibacterial activities. In this study, we revise the structure of anthelvencin A and identify a third anthelvencin metabolite, bearing two N-methylated pyrrole groups, which we named anthelvencin C. We sequenced the genome of S. venezuelae ATCC 14583 and identified a gene cluster predicted to direct the biosynthesis of anthelvencins. Functional analysis of this gene cluster confirmed its involvement in anthelvencin biosynthesis and allowed us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for anthelvencins. In addition to a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), the assembly of anthelvencins involves an enzyme from the ATP-grasp ligase family, Ant23. We propose that Ant23 uses a PCP-loaded 4-aminopyrrole-2-carboxylate as substrate. As observed for the biosynthesis of the other pyrrolamides congocidine (produced by Streptomyces ambofaciens ATCC 25877) and distamycin (produced by Streptomyces netropsis DSM 40846), the NRPS assembling anthelvencins is composed of stand-alone domains only. Such NRPSs, sometimes called type II NRPSs, are less studied than the classical multimodular NRPSs. Yet, they constitute an interesting model to study protein-protein interactions in NRPSs and are good candidates for combinatorial biosynthesis approaches.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Cittilins, Unusual Ribosomally Synthesized and Post-translationally Modified Peptides from Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: Cittilins are secondary metabolites from myxobacteria comprised of three l-tyrosines and one l-isoleucine forming a bicyclic tetrapeptide scaffold with biaryl and aryl-oxygen-aryl ether bonds. Here we reveal that cittilins belong to the ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) family of natural products, for which only the crocagins have been reported from myxobacteria. A 27 amino acid precursor peptide harbors a C-terminal four amino acid core peptide, which is enzymatically modified and finally exported to yield cittilins. The small biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for cittilin biosynthesis also encodes a cytochrome P450 enzyme and a methyltransferase, whereas a gene encoding a prolyl endopeptidase for the cleavage of the precursor peptide is located outside of the cittilin biosynthetic gene cluster. We confirm the roles of the biosynthetic genes responsible for the formation of cittilins using targeted gene inactivation and heterologous expression in Streptomyces ssp. We also report first steps toward the biochemical characterization of the proposed biosynthetic pathway in vitro. An investigation of the cellular uptake properties of cittilin A connected it to a potential biological function as an inhibitor of the prokaryotic carbon storage regulator A (CsrA).	1
Title: Integrated Omics Strategy Reveals Cyclic Lipopeptides Empedopeptins from Massilia sp. YMA4 and Their Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: Empedopeptins-eight amino acid cyclic lipopeptides-are calcium-dependent antibiotics that act against Gram-positive bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus by inhibiting cell wall biosynthesis. However, to date, the biosynthetic mechanism of the empedopeptins has not been well identified. Through comparative genomics and metabolomics analysis, we identified empedopeptin and its new analogs from a marine bacterium, Massilia sp. YMA4. We then unveiled the empedopeptin biosynthetic gene cluster. The core nonribosomal peptide gene null-mutant strains (ΔempC, ΔempD, and ΔempE) could not produce empedopeptin, while dioxygenase gene null-mutant strains (ΔempA and ΔempB) produced several unique empedopeptin analogs. However, the antibiotic activity of ΔempA and ΔempB was significantly reduced compared with the wild-type, demonstrating that the hydroxylated amino acid residues of empedopeptin and its analogs are important to their antibiotic activity. Furthermore, we found seven bacterial strains that could produce empedopeptin-like cyclic lipopeptides using a genome mining approach. In summary, this study demonstrated that an integrated omics strategy can facilitate the discovery of potential bioactive metabolites from microbial sources without further isolation and purification.	1
Title: Genotyping-Guided Discovery of Persiamycin A From Sponge-Associated Halophilic Streptomonospora sp. PA3 Abstract: Microbial natural products have been a cornerstone of the pharmaceutical industry, but the supply of novel bioactive secondary metabolites has diminished due to extensive exploration of the most easily accessible sources, namely terrestrial Streptomyces species. The Persian Gulf is a unique habitat for marine sponges, which contain diverse communities of microorganisms including marine Actinobacteria. These exotic ecosystems may cradle rare actinomycetes with high potential to produce novel secondary metabolites. In this study, we harvested 12 different species of sponges from two locations in the Persian Gulf and isolated 45 symbiotic actinomycetes to assess their biodiversity and sponge-microbe relationships. The isolates were classified into Nocardiopsis (24 isolates), Streptomyces (17 isolates) and rare genera (4 isolates) by 16S rRNA sequencing. Antibiotic activity tests revealed that culture extracts from half of the isolates displayed growth inhibitory effects against seven pathogenic bacteria. Next, we identified five strains with the genetic potential to produce aromatic polyketides by genotyping ketosynthase genes responsible for synthesis of carbon scaffolds. The combined data led us to focus on Streptomonospora sp. PA3, since the genus has rarely been examined for its capacity to produce secondary metabolites. Analysis of culture extracts led to the discovery of a new bioactive aromatic polyketide denoted persiamycin A and 1-hydroxy-4-methoxy-2-naphthoic acid. The genome harbored seven gene clusters involved in secondary metabolism, including a tetracenomycin-type polyketide synthase pathway likely involved in persiamycin formation. The work demonstrates the use of multivariate data and underexplored ecological niches to guide the drug discovery process for antibiotics and anticancer agents.	1
Title: Identification and Mobilization of a Cryptic Antibiotic Biosynthesis Gene Locus from a Human-Pathogenic Nocardia Isolate Abstract: The genus Nocardia contains >50 human pathogenic species that cause a range of illnesses from skin and soft tissue infections to lung and brain infections. However, despite their membership in the most prominent family of secondary metabolite producers (the Actinomycetes), the ability of Nocardia species, especially those that cause human infections, to produce secondary metabolites has not been as well studied. Using genome mining, we have investigated cryptic secondary metabolite biosynthesis gene clusters from Nocardia species and identified a conserved locus within human pathogenic strains of Nocardia brasiliensis and Nocardia vulneris. Direct capture and heterologous expression in a Streptomyces host activated the biosynthetic locus, revealing it to be the source of the brasiliquinones, benz[a]anthraquinone antibiotics whose biosynthetic pathway has remained hidden for over two decades, until now. Our findings highlight these hitherto neglected human pathogenic Nocardia as a source of diverse and important natural products.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Burkholderia rhizoxinica, an Endosymbiont of Rhizopus microsporus Abstract: Burkholderia rhizoxinica is an intracellular symbiont of the phytopathogenic fungus Rhizopus microsporus. The vertically transmitted endosymbiont not only delivers the antimitotic macrolide rhizoxin to its host but is also essential for vegetative spore formation of the fungus. To shed light on the genetic equipment of this model organism, we sequenced the whole genome of B. rhizoxinica HKI 0454, thus providing the first genomic insight into an intracellular mutualist of a fungal species. The 3.75-Mb genome consists of a chromosome and two strain-specific plasmids. The primary metabolism appears to be specialized for the uptake of fungal metabolites. Besides the rhizoxin biosynthesis gene cluster, there are 14 loci coding for nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) assembly lines, which represent novel targets for genomic mining of cryptic natural products. Furthermore, the endosymbionts are equipped with a repertoire of virulence-related factors, which can now be studied to elucidate molecular mechanisms underlying bacterial-fungal interaction.	1
Title: Genome Mining Reveals Endopyrroles from a Nonribosomal Peptide Assembly Line Triggered in Fungal-Bacterial Symbiosis Abstract: The bacterial endosymbiont (Burkholderia rhizoxinica) of the rice seedling blight fungus (Rhizopus microsporus) harbors a large number of cryptic biosynthesis gene clusters. Genome mining and sequence similarity networks based on an encoded nonribosomal peptide assembly line and the associated pyrrole-forming enzymes in the symbiont indicated that the encoded metabolites are unique among a large number of tentative pyrrole natural products in diverse and unrelated bacterial phyla. By performing comparative metabolic profiling using a mutant generated with an improved pheS Burkholderia counterselection marker, we found that the symbionts' biosynthetic pathway is mainly activated under salt stress and exclusively in symbiosis with the fungal host. The cryptic metabolites were fully characterized as novel pyrrole-substituted depsipeptides (endopyrroles). A broader survey showed that endopyrrole production is a hallmark of geographically distant endofungal bacteria, which produce the peptides solely under symbiotic conditions.	1
Title: Unlocking the Spatial Control of Secondary Metabolism Uncovers Hidden Natural Product Diversity in Nostoc punctiforme Abstract: Filamentous cyanobacteria belong to the most prolific producers of structurally unique and biologically active natural products, yet the majority of biosynthetic gene clusters predicted for these multicellular collectives are currently orphan. Here, we present a systems analysis of secondary metabolite gene expression in the model strain Nostoc punctiforme PCC73102 using RNA-seq and fluorescence reporter analysis. Our data demonstrate that the majority of the cryptic gene clusters are not silent but are expressed with regular or sporadic pattern. Cultivation of N. punctiforme using high-density fermentation overrules the spatial control and leads to a pronounced upregulation of more than 50% of biosynthetic gene clusters. Our data suggest that a combination of autocrine factors, a high CO2 level, and high light account for the upregulation of individual pathways. Our overarching study not only sheds light on the strategies of filamentous cyanobacteria to share the enormous metabolic burden connected with the production of specialized molecules but provides an avenue for the genome-based discovery of natural products in multicellular cyanobacteria as exemplified by the discovery of highly unusual variants of the tricyclic peptide microviridin.	1
Title: Mining Symbionts of a Spider-Transmitted Fungus Illuminates Uncharted Biosynthetic Pathways to Cytotoxic Benzolactones Abstract: A spider-transmitted fungus (Rhizopus microsporus) that was isolated from necrotic human tissue was found to harbor endofungal bacteria (Burkholderia sp.). Metabolic profiling of the symbionts revealed a complex of cytotoxic agents (necroximes). Their structures were characterized as oxime-substituted benzolactone enamides with a peptidic side chain. The potently cytotoxic necroximes are also formed in symbiosis with the fungal host and could have contributed to the necrosis. Genome sequencing and computational analyses revealed a novel modular PKS/NRPS assembly line equipped with several non-canonical domains. Based on gene-deletion mutants, we propose a biosynthetic model for bacterial benzolactones. We identified specific traits that serve as genetic handles to find related salicylate macrolide pathways (lobatamide, oximidine, apicularen) in various other bacterial genera. Knowledge of the biosynthetic pathway enables biosynthetic engineering and genome-mining approaches.	1
Title: Blocks in the pseudouridimycin pathway unlock hidden metabolites in the Streptomyces producer strain Abstract: We report a metabolomic analysis of Streptomyces sp. ID38640, a soil isolate that produces the bacterial RNA polymerase inhibitor pseudouridimycin. The analysis was performed on the wild type, on three newly constructed and seven previously reported mutant strains disabled in different genes required for pseudouridimycin biosynthesis. The results indicate that Streptomyces sp. ID38640 is able to produce, in addition to lydicamycins and deferroxiamines, as previously reported, also the lassopeptide ulleungdin, the non-ribosomal peptide antipain and the osmoprotectant ectoine. The corresponding biosynthetic gene clusters were readily identified in the strain genome. We also detected the known compound pyridindolol, for which we propose a previously unreported biosynthetic gene cluster, as well as three families of unknown metabolites. Remarkably, the levels of most metabolites varied strongly in the different mutant strains, an observation that enabled detection of metabolites unnoticed in the wild type. Systematic investigation of the accumulated metabolites in the ten different pum mutants identified shed further light on pseudouridimycin biosynthesis. We also show that several Streptomyces strains, able to produce pseudouridimycin, have distinct genetic relationship and metabolic profile with ID38640.	1
Title: Genetic determinants of reutericyclin biosynthesis in Lactobacillus reuteri Abstract: Reutericyclin is a unique antimicrobial tetramic acid produced by some strains of Lactobacillus reuteri. This study aimed to identify the genetic determinants of reutericyclin biosynthesis. Comparisons of the genomes of reutericyclin-producing L. reuteri strains with those of non-reutericyclin-producing strains identified a genomic island of 14 open reading frames (ORFs) including genes coding for a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), a polyketide synthase (PKS), homologues of PhlA, PhlB, and PhlC, and putative transport and regulatory proteins. The protein encoded by rtcN is composed of a condensation domain, an adenylation domain likely specific for d-leucine, and a thiolation domain. rtcK codes for a PKS that is composed of a ketosynthase domain, an acyl-carrier protein domain, and a thioesterase domain. The products of rtcA, rtcB, and rtcC are homologous to the diacetylphloroglucinol-biosynthetic proteins PhlABC and may acetylate the tetramic acid moiety produced by RtcN and RtcK, forming reutericyclin. Deletion of rtcN or rtcABC in L. reuteri TMW1.656 abrogated reutericyclin production but did not affect resistance to reutericyclin. Genes coding for transport and regulatory proteins could be deleted only in the reutericyclin-negative L. reuteri strain TMW1.656ΔrtcN, and these deletions eliminated reutericyclin resistance. The genomic analyses suggest that the reutericyclin genomic island was horizontally acquired from an unknown source during a unique event. The combination of PhlABC homologues with both an NRPS and a PKS has also been identified in the lactic acid bacteria Streptococcus mutans and Lactobacillus plantarum, suggesting that the genes in these organisms and those in L. reuteri share an evolutionary origin.	1
Title: Cariogenic Streptococcus mutans Produces Tetramic Acid Strain-Specific Antibiotics That Impair Commensal Colonization Abstract: Streptococcus mutans is a common constituent of dental plaque and a major etiologic agent of dental caries (tooth decay). In this study, we elucidated the biosynthetic pathway encoded by muc, a hybrid polyketide synthase and nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS/NRPS) biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC), present in a number of globally distributed S. mutans strains. The natural products synthesized by muc included three N-acyl tetramic acid compounds (reutericyclin and two novel analogues) and an unacylated tetramic acid (mutanocyclin). Furthermore, the enzyme encoded by mucF was identified as a novel class of membrane-associated aminoacylases and was responsible for the deacylation of reutericyclin to mutanocyclin. A large number of hypothetical proteins across a broad diversity of bacteria were homologous to MucF, suggesting that this may represent a large family of unexplored acylases. Finally, S. mutans utilized the reutericyclin produced by muc to impair the growth of neighboring oral commensal bacteria. Since S. mutans must be able to out-compete these health-associated organisms to persist in the oral microbiota and cause disease, the competitive advantage conferred by muc suggests that this BGC is likely to be involved in S. mutans ecology and therefore dental plaque dysbiosis and the resulting caries pathogenesis.	1
Title: An anaerobic bacterium host system for heterologous expression of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: Anaerobic bacteria represent an overlooked rich source of biological and chemical diversity. Due to the challenge of cultivation and genetic intractability, assessing the capability of their biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) for secondary metabolite production requires an efficient heterologous expression system. However, this kind of host system is still unavailable. Here, we use the facultative anaerobe Streptococcus mutans UA159 as a heterologous host for the expression of BGCs from anaerobic bacteria. A natural competence based large DNA fragment cloning (NabLC) technique was developed, which can move DNA fragments up to 40-kb directly and integrate a 73.7-kb BGC to the genome of S. mutans UA159 via three rounds of NabLC cloning. Using this system, we identify an anti-infiltration compound, mutanocyclin, from undefined BGCs from human oral bacteria. We anticipate this host system will be useful for heterologous expression of BGCs from anaerobic bacteria.	1
Title: Evolution of combinatorial diversity in trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthase assembly lines across bacteria Abstract: Trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthases (trans-AT PKSs) are bacterial multimodular enzymes that biosynthesize diverse pharmaceutically and ecologically important polyketides. A notable feature of this natural product class is the existence of chemical hybrids that combine core moieties from different polyketide structures. To understand the prevalence, biosynthetic basis, and evolutionary patterns of this phenomenon, we developed transPACT, a phylogenomic algorithm to automate global classification of trans-AT PKS modules across bacteria and applied it to 1782 trans-AT PKS gene clusters. These analyses reveal widespread exchange patterns suggesting recombination of extended PKS module series as an important mechanism for metabolic diversification in this natural product class. For three plant-associated bacteria, i.e., the root colonizer Gynuella sunshinyii and the pathogens Xanthomonas cannabis and Pseudomonas syringae, we demonstrate the utility of this computational approach for uncovering cryptic relationships between polyketides, accelerating polyketide mining from fragmented genome sequences, and discovering polyketide variants with conserved moieties of interest. As natural combinatorial hybrids are rare among the more commonly studied cis-AT PKSs, this study paves the way towards evolutionarily informed, rational PKS engineering to produce chimeric trans-AT PKS-derived polyketides.	1
Title: A preliminary investigation of the Nostoc punctiforme proteome Abstract: Nostoc punctiforme ATCC 29133 is a filamentous terrestrial cyanobacterium (prokaryote) that expresses several different phenotypes in response to environmental cues. When grown in nitrogen-deficient media the most abundant proteins in addition to phycobiliproteins were superoxide dismutase, ATP synthase, and peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerases. A methylated peptide from an akinete marker protein was also identified, suggesting that methylation could potentially play a regulatory role through signaling. C-phycocyanin alpha-chain was methylated at the C-terminal end of the protein and tandem mass spectrometric data also identified peptides that were deamidated. Since a significant number of putative polyketide/non-ribosomal peptide synthase genes are present in the annotated genome, an analysis of a methanolic extract of whole cells was also performed, and a series of nostopeptolides were identified.	1
Title: Nostopeptolide plays a governing role during cellular differentiation of the symbiotic cyanobacterium Nostoc punctiforme Abstract: Nostoc punctiforme is a versatile cyanobacterium that can live either independently or in symbiosis with plants from distinct taxa. Chemical cues from plants and N. punctiforme were shown to stimulate or repress, respectively, the differentiation of infectious motile filaments known as hormogonia. We have used a polyketide synthase mutant that accumulates an elevated amount of hormogonia as a tool to understand the effect of secondary metabolites on cellular differentiation of N. punctiforme. Applying MALDI imaging to illustrate the reprogramming of the secondary metabolome, nostopeptolides were identified as the predominant difference in the pks2(-) mutant secretome. Subsequent differentiation assays and visualization of cell-type-specific expression of nostopeptolides via a transcriptional reporter strain provided evidence for a multifaceted role of nostopeptolides, either as an autogenic hormogonium-repressing factor or as a chemoattractant, depending on its extracellular concentration. Although nostopeptolide is constitutively expressed in the free-living state, secreted levels dynamically change before, during, and after the hormogonium differentiation phase. The metabolite was found to be strictly down-regulated in symbiosis with Gunnera manicata and Blasia pusilla, whereas other metabolites are up-regulated, as demonstrated via MALDI imaging, suggesting plants modulate the fine-balanced cross-talk network of secondary metabolites within N. punctiforme.	1
Title: Characterisation of the biosynthetic pathway to agnestins A and B reveals the reductive route to chrysophanol in fungi Abstract: Two new dihydroxy-xanthone metabolites, agnestins A and B, were isolated from Paecilomyces variotii along with a number of related benzophenones and xanthones including monodictyphenone. The structures were elucidated by NMR analyses and X-ray crystallography. The agnestin (agn) biosynthetic gene cluster was identified and targeted gene disruptions of the PKS, Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase, and other oxido-reductase genes revealed new details of fungal xanthone biosynthesis. In particular, identification of a reductase responsible for in vivo anthraquinone to anthrol conversion confirms a previously postulated essential step in aromatic deoxygenation of anthraquinones, e.g. emodin to chrysophanol.	1
Title: Structure revision of cryptosporioptides and determination of the genetic basis for dimeric xanthone biosynthesis in fungi Abstract: Three novel dimeric xanthones, cryptosporioptides A-C were isolated from Cryptosporiopsis sp. 8999 and their structures elucidated. Methylation of cryptosporioptide A gave a methyl ester with identical NMR data to cryptosporioptide, a compound previously reported to have been isolated from the same fungus. However, HRMS analysis revealed that cryptosporioptide is a symmetrical dimer, not a monomer as previously proposed, and the revised structure was elucidated by extensive NMR analysis. The genome of Cryptosporiopsis sp. 8999 was sequenced and the dimeric xanthone (dmx) biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for the production of the cryptosporioptides was identified. Gene disruption experiments identified a gene (dmxR5) encoding a cytochrome P450 oxygenase as being responsible for the dimerisation step late in the biosynthetic pathway. Disruption of dmxR5 led to the isolation of novel monomeric xanthones. Cryptosporioptide B and C feature an unusual ethylmalonate subunit: a hrPKS and acyl CoA carboxylase are responsible for its formation. Bioinformatic analysis of the genomes of several fungi producing related xanthones, e.g. the widely occurring ergochromes, and related metabolites allows detailed annotation of the biosynthetic genes, and a rational overall biosynthetic scheme for the production of fungal dimeric xanthones to be proposed.	1
Title: Cryptosporioptide: a bioactive polyketide produced by an endophytic fungus Cryptosporiopsis sp Abstract: An antibiotic polyketide, Cryptosporioptide (1) was isolated from the culture extract of the endophytic fungus Cryptosporiopsis sp. The structure of Cryptosporioptide has been established with the help of 1D ((1)H, (13)C), 2D NMR (HSQC, HMBC, COSY, NOESY) techniques and mass spectrometry (FABMS, HRFABMS). The absolute configuration was established by means of electronic circular dichroism (ECD). Cryptosporioptide exhibited both lipoxygenase inhibitory and anti-Bacillus megaterium activities.	1
Title: Class IV Lasso Peptides Synergistically Induce Proliferation of Cancer Cells and Sensitize Them to Doxorubicin Abstract: Heterologous expression of a biosynthesis gene cluster from Amycolatopsis sp. resulted in the discovery of two unique class IV lasso peptides, felipeptins A1 and A2. A mixture of felipeptins stimulated proliferation of cancer cells, while having no such effect on the normal cells. Detailed investigation revealed, that pre-treatment of cancer cells with a mixture of felipeptins resulted in downregulation of the tumor suppressor Rb, making the cancer cells to proliferate faster. Pre-treatment with felipeptins made cancer cells considerably more sensitive to the anticancer agent doxorubicin and re-sensitized doxorubicin-resistant cells to this drug. Structural characterization and binding experiments showed an interaction between felipeptins resulting in complex formation, which explains their synergistic effect. This discovery may open an alternative avenue in cancer treatment, helping to eliminate quiescent cells that often lead to cancer relapse.	1
Title: Iterative Catalysis in the Biosynthesis of Mitochondrial Complex II Inhibitors Harzianopyridone and Atpenin B Abstract: The pentasubstituted pyridine natural products harzianopyridone and atpenins are potent inhibitors of mitochondrial complex II. We identified the pathways of these compounds from their fungal producers and uncovered that the biosynthetic steps require multiple iterative enzymes. In particular, a methyltransferase and a flavin-dependent monooxygenase are used iteratively to introduce C5 and C6 methoxy groups. The pathway unexpectedly requires the installation and removal of an N-methoxy group, which is proposed to be a directing group that tunes the reactivity of the pyridone ring, possibly through the alpha effect.	1
Title: Genome of Labrenzia sp. PHM005 Reveals a Complete and Active Trans-AT PKS Gene Cluster for the Biosynthesis of Labrenzin Abstract: The complete genome of the strain Labrenzia sp. PHM005, a free-living producer of a pederin analog 18-O-demethyl pederin, hereinafter labrenzin, has been sequenced. This strain contains two replicons comprising a circular chromosome of 6,167,349 bp and a circular plasmid (named p1BIR) of 19,450 bp. A putative gene cluster responsible for the synthesis of labrenzin (lab cluster) has been identified showing that it encodes a trans-AT mixed type PKS/NRPS biosynthetic pathway that is responsible for the synthesis of pederin and possibly an onnamide analog. The putative boundaries of the lab gene cluster were determined by genetic comparisons with other related strains, suggesting that the cluster consists of a 79-kb region comprising 3 genes encoding multidomain hybrid polyketide synthase/non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS/NRPS) proteins (PKS4, PKS/NRPS13, and PKS/NRPS15), and 16 auxiliary enzymes. Transcriptomic analyses suggest that all the genes of the cluster are expressed in our culture conditions (i.e., in minimal medium in the absence of any specific inducer) at detectable levels. We have developed genetic tools to facilitate the manipulation of this strain and the functional characterization of the cluster genes. We have created a site-directed mutant unable to produce pederin, demonstrating experimentally for the first time the role of the cluster in the synthesis of pederin. This work paves the way to unravel the clues of the biosynthesis of pederin family compounds and opens the door to modify and overproduce these anticancer drugs for industrial and pharmaceutical purposes.	1
Title: Bacterial Production of a Pederin Analogue by a Free-Living Marine Alphaproteobacterium Abstract: The polyketide pederin family are cytotoxic compounds isolated from insects, lichen, and marine sponges. During the past decade, different uncultivable bacteria symbionts have been proposed as the real producers of these compounds, such as those found in insects, lichen, and marine sponges, and their trans-AT polyketide synthase gene clusters have been identified. Herein we report the isolation and biological activities of a new analogue of the pederin family, compound 1, from the culture of a marine heterotrophic alphaproteobacterium, Labrenzia sp. PHM005. This is the first report of the production of a pederin-type compound by a free-living marine bacteria that could be cultured in the laboratory.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Pseudomonas-Derived Butenolides Abstract: Butenolides are well-known signaling molecules in Gram-positive bacteria. Here, we describe a novel class of butenolides isolated from a Gram-negative Pseudomonas strain, the styrolides. Structure elucidation was aided by the total synthesis of styrolide A. Transposon mutagenesis enabled us to identify the styrolide biosynthetic gene cluster, and by using a homology search, we discovered the related and previously unknown acaterin biosynthetic gene cluster in another Pseudomonas species. Mutagenesis, heterologous expression, and identification of key shunt and intermediate products were crucial to propose a biosynthetic pathway for both Pseudomonas-derived butenolides. Comparative transcriptomics suggests a link between styrolide formation and the regulatory networks of the bacterium.	1
Title: Targeted Genome Mining-From Compound Discovery to Biosynthetic Pathway Elucidation Abstract: Natural products are an important source of novel investigational compounds in drug discovery. Especially in the field of antibiotics, Actinobacteria have been proven to be a reliable source for lead structures. The discovery of these natural products with activity- and structure-guided screenings has been impeded by the constant rediscovery of previously identified compounds. Additionally, a large discrepancy between produced natural products and biosynthetic potential in Actinobacteria, including representatives of the order Pseudonocardiales, has been revealed using genome sequencing. To turn this genomic potential into novel natural products, we used an approach including the in-silico pre-selection of unique biosynthetic gene clusters followed by their systematic heterologous expression. As a proof of concept, fifteen Saccharothrixespanaensis genomic library clones covering predicted biosynthetic gene clusters were chosen for expression in two heterologous hosts, Streptomyceslividans and Streptomycesalbus. As a result, two novel natural products, an unusual angucyclinone pentangumycin and a new type II polyketide synthase shunt product SEK90, were identified. After purification and structure elucidation, the biosynthetic pathways leading to the formation of pentangumycin and SEK90 were deduced using mutational analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster and feeding experiments with 13C-labelled precursors.	1
Title: A Link between Linearmycin Biosynthesis and Extracellular Vesicle Genesis Connects Specialized Metabolism and Bacterial Membrane Physiology Abstract: Specialized metabolites support bacterial competitive fitness as antibiotics, signals, pigments, and metal scavengers. Little is known about how specialized metabolites are processed and trafficked for their diverse competitive functions. Linearmycins A and B are linear polyketides with antifungal and antibacterial activity but are colony-localized in imaging mass spectrometry of Streptomyces sp. Mg1 (S. sp. Mg1). To decipher a connection between colony localization and antibiotic activity, we identified the linearmycin gene cluster and investigated linearmycin production and distribution by S. sp. Mg1. Our results uncover a large family of variant linearmycins with limited solubility in aqueous solution. We hypothesized that extracellular vesicles may traffic the lipid-like linearmycins. We found that vesicles isolated from culture supernatants contained linearmycins. Surprisingly, abolishing production of linearmycins in S. sp. Mg1 also diminished extracellular vesicle production. Our results reveal integration of linearmycin biosynthesis with production of extracellular vesicles, suggesting a deep connection between specialized metabolism and bacterial membrane physiology.	1
Title: Competition among Nasal Bacteria Suggests a Role for Siderophore-Mediated Interactions in Shaping the Human Nasal Microbiota Abstract: Resources available in the human nasal cavity are limited. Therefore, to successfully colonize the nasal cavity, bacteria must compete for scarce nutrients. Competition may occur directly through interference (e.g., antibiotics) or indirectly by nutrient sequestration. To investigate the nature of nasal bacterial competition, we performed coculture inhibition assays between nasal Actinobacteria and Staphylococcus spp. We found that isolates of coagulase-negative staphylococci (CoNS) were sensitive to growth inhibition by Actinobacteria but that Staphylococcus aureus isolates were resistant to inhibition. Among Actinobacteria, we observed that Corynebacterium spp. were variable in their ability to inhibit CoNS. We sequenced the genomes of 10 Corynebacterium species isolates, including 3 Corynebacterium propinquum isolates that strongly inhibited CoNS and 7 other Corynebacterium species isolates that only weakly inhibited CoNS. Using a comparative genomics approach, we found that the C. propinquum genomes were enriched in genes for iron acquisition and harbored a biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) for siderophore production, absent in the noninhibitory Corynebacterium species genomes. Using a chrome azurol S assay, we confirmed that C. propinquum produced siderophores. We demonstrated that iron supplementation rescued CoNS from inhibition by C. propinquum, suggesting that inhibition was due to iron restriction through siderophore production. Through comparative metabolomics and molecular networking, we identified the siderophore produced by C. propinquum as dehydroxynocardamine. Finally, we confirmed that the dehydroxynocardamine BGC is expressed in vivo by analyzing human nasal metatranscriptomes from the NIH Human Microbiome Project. Together, our results suggest that bacteria produce siderophores to compete for limited available iron in the nasal cavity and improve their fitness.IMPORTANCE Within the nasal cavity, interference competition through antimicrobial production is prevalent. For instance, nasal Staphylococcus species strains can inhibit the growth of other bacteria through the production of nonribosomal peptides and ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides. In contrast, bacteria engaging in exploitation competition modify the external environment to prevent competitors from growing, usually by hindering access to or depleting essential nutrients. As the nasal cavity is a nutrient-limited environment, we hypothesized that exploitation competition occurs in this system. We determined that Corynebacterium propinquum produces an iron-chelating siderophore, and this iron-sequestering molecule correlates with the ability to inhibit the growth of coagulase-negative staphylococci. Furthermore, we found that the genes required for siderophore production are expressed in vivo Thus, although siderophore production by bacteria is often considered a virulence trait, our work indicates that bacteria may produce siderophores to compete for limited iron in the human nasal cavity.	1
Title: Bacterial Alkaloid Biosynthesis: Structural Diversity via a Minimalistic Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Abstract: Chemical and biochemical analyses of one of the most basic nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) from a Pseudomonas fluorescens strain revealed its striking plasticity. Determination of the potential substrate scope enabled us to anticipate novel secondary metabolites that could subsequently be isolated and tested for their bioactivities. Detailed analyses of the monomodular pyreudione synthetase showed that the biosynthesis of the bacterial pyreudione alkaloids does not require additional biosynthetic enzymes. Heterologous expression of a similar and functional, yet cryptic, NRPS of Pseudomonas entomophila was successful and allowed us to perform a phylogenetic analysis of their thioesterase domains.	1
Title: Bioactivity and Mode of Action of Bacterial Tetramic Acids Abstract: Microbially produced 3-acyltetramic acids display a diverse range of biological activities. The pyreudiones are new members of this class that were isolated from bacteria of the genus Pseudomonas. Here, we performed a structure-activity relationship study and determined their mode of action. An efficient biomimetic synthesis was developed to synthesize pyreudione A. Pyreudiones and synthetic analogs thereof were tested for their amoebicidal, antibacterial, antiproliferative, and cytotoxic activities. The length of the alkyl side chain and the nature of the amino acid residues within the tetramic acid moiety strongly affected activity, in particular against mycobacteria. The mode of action was shown to correlate with the ability of pyreudiones to act as protonophores. Removal of the acidic proton by methylation of pyreudione A resulted in a loss of bioactivity.	1
Title: Uncovering the biosynthetic potential of rare metagenomic DNA using co-occurrence network analysis of targeted sequences Abstract: Sequencing of DNA extracted from environmental samples can provide key insights into the biosynthetic potential of uncultured bacteria. However, the high complexity of soil metagenomes, which can contain thousands of bacterial species per gram of soil, imposes significant challenges to explore secondary metabolites potentially produced by rare members of the soil microbiome. Here, we develop a targeted sequencing workflow termed CONKAT-seq (co-occurrence network analysis of targeted sequences) that detects physically clustered biosynthetic domains, a hallmark of bacterial secondary metabolism. Following targeted amplification of conserved biosynthetic domains in a highly partitioned metagenomic library, CONKAT-seq evaluates amplicon co-occurrence patterns across library subpools to identify chromosomally clustered domains. We show that a single soil sample can contain more than a thousand uncharacterized biosynthetic gene clusters, most of which originate from low frequency genomes which are practically inaccessible through untargeted sequencing. CONKAT-seq allows scalable exploration of largely untapped biosynthetic diversity across multiple soils, and can guide the discovery of novel secondary metabolites from rare members of the soil microbiome.	1
Title: A biaryl-linked tripeptide from Planomonospora reveals a widespread class of minimal RiPP gene clusters Abstract: Microbial natural products impress by their bioactivity, structural diversity, and ingenious biosynthesis. While screening the less exploited actinobacterial genus Planomonospora, two cyclopeptides were discovered, featuring an unusual Tyr-His biaryl bridging across a tripeptide scaffold, with the sequences N-acetyl-Tyr-Tyr-His and N-acetyl-Tyr-Phe-His. Planomonospora genomes pointed toward a ribosomal synthesis of the cyclopeptide from a pentapeptide precursor encoded by 18-bp bytA, to our knowledge the smallest coding gene ever reported. Closely linked to bytA is bytO, encoding a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase likely responsible for biaryl installment. In Streptomyces, the bytAO segment was sufficient to direct production of the crosslinked N-acetylated Tyr-Tyr-His tripeptide. Bioinformatic analysis of related cytochrome P450 monooxygenases indicated that they constitute a widespread family of enzymes, and the corresponding genes are closely linked to 5-amino acid coding sequences in approximately 200 (actino)bacterial genomes, all with potential for biaryl linkage between amino acids 1 and 3. We propose the named biarylitides this family of RiPPs.	1
Title: Structure and mechanism of ORF36, an amino sugar oxidizing enzyme in everninomicin biosynthesis Abstract: Everninomicin is a highly modified octasaccharide that belongs to the orthosomycin family of antibiotics and possesses potent Gram-positive antibiotic activity, including broad-spectrum efficacy against multidrug resistant enterococci and Staphylococcus aureus. Among its distinctive structural features is a nitro sugar, l-evernitrose, analogues of which decorate a variety of natural products. Recently, we identified a nitrososynthase enzyme encoded by orf36 from Micromonospora carbonacea var. africana that mediates the flavin-dependent double oxidation of synthetically generated thymidine diphosphate (TDP)-l-epi-vancosamine to the corresponding nitroso sugar. Herein, we utilize a five-enzyme in vitro pathway both to verify that ORF36 catalyzes oxidation of biogenic TDP-l-epi-vancosamine and to determine whether ORF36 exhibits catalytic competence for any of its biosynthetic progenitors, which are candidate substrates for nitrososynthases in vivo. Progenitors solely undergo single-oxidation reactions and terminate in the hydroxylamine oxidation state. Performing the in vitro reactions in the presence of (18)O(2) establishes that molecular oxygen, rather than oxygen from water, is incorporated into ORF36-generated intermediates and products and identifies an off-pathway product that correlates with the oxidation product of a progenitor substrate. The 3.15 Å resolution X-ray crystal structure of ORF36 reveals a tetrameric enzyme that shares a fold with acyl-CoA dehydrogenases and class D flavin-containing monooxygenases, including the nitrososynthase KijD3. However, ORF36 and KijD3 have unusually open active sites in comparison to these related enzymes. Taken together, these studies map substrate determinants and allow the proposal of a minimal monooxygenase mechanism for amino sugar oxidation by ORF36.	1
Title: Oxidative cyclizations in orthosomycin biosynthesis expand the known chemistry of an oxygenase superfamily Abstract: Orthosomycins are oligosaccharide antibiotics that include avilamycin, everninomicin, and hygromycin B and are hallmarked by a rigidifying interglycosidic spirocyclic ortho-δ-lactone (orthoester) linkage between at least one pair of carbohydrates. A subset of orthosomycins additionally contain a carbohydrate capped by a methylenedioxy bridge. The orthoester linkage is necessary for antibiotic activity but rarely observed in natural products. Orthoester linkage and methylenedioxy bridge biosynthesis require similar oxidative cyclizations adjacent to a sugar ring. We have identified a conserved group of nonheme iron, α-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenases likely responsible for this chemistry. High-resolution crystal structures of the EvdO1 and EvdO2 oxygenases of everninomicin biosynthesis, the AviO1 oxygenase of avilamycin biosynthesis, and HygX of hygromycin B biosynthesis show how these enzymes accommodate large substrates, a challenge that requires a variation in metal coordination in HygX. Excitingly, the ternary complex of HygX with cosubstrate α-ketoglutarate and putative product hygromycin B identified an orientation of one glycosidic linkage of hygromycin B consistent with metal-catalyzed hydrogen atom abstraction from substrate. These structural results are complemented by gene disruption of the oxygenases evdO1 and evdMO1 from the everninomicin biosynthetic cluster, which demonstrate that functional oxygenase activity is critical for antibiotic production. Our data therefore support a role for these enzymes in the production of key features of the orthosomycin antibiotics.	1
Title: The Structure of the Bifunctional Everninomicin Biosynthetic Enzyme EvdMO1 Suggests Independent Activity of the Fused Methyltransferase-Oxidase Domains Abstract: Members of the orthosomycin family of natural products are decorated polysaccharides with potent antibiotic activity and complex biosynthetic pathways. The defining feature of the orthosomycins is an orthoester linkage between carbohydrate moieties that is necessary for antibiotic activity and is likely formed by a family of conserved oxygenases. Everninomicins are octasaccharide orthosomycins produced by Micromonospora carbonacea that have two orthoester linkages and a methylenedioxy bridge, three features whose formation logically requires oxidative chemistry. Correspondingly, the evd gene cluster encoding everninomicin D encodes two monofunctional nonheme iron, α-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenases and one bifunctional enzyme with an N-terminal methyltransferase domain and a C-terminal oxygenase domain. To investigate whether the activities of these domains are linked in the bifunctional enzyme EvdMO1, we determined the structure of the N-terminal methyltransferase domain to 1.1 Å and that of the full-length protein to 3.35 Å resolution. Both domains of EvdMO1 adopt the canonical folds of their respective superfamilies and are connected by a short linker. Each domain's active site is oriented such that it faces away from the other domain, and there is no evidence of a channel connecting the two. Our results support EvdMO1 working as a bifunctional enzyme with independent catalytic activities.	1
Title: Methyltransferase Contingencies in the Pathway of Everninomicin D Antibiotics and Analogues Abstract: Everninomicins are orthoester oligosaccharide antibiotics with potent activity against multidrug-resistant bacterial pathogens. Everninomicins act by disrupting ribosomal assembly in a distinct region in comparison to clinically prescribed drugs. We employed microporous intergeneric conjugation with Escherichia coli to manipulate Micromonospora for targeted gene-replacement studies of multiple putative methyltransferases across the octasaccharide scaffold of everninomicin effecting the A1 , C, F, and H rings. Analyses of gene-replacement and genetic complementation mutants established the mutability of the everninomicin scaffold through the generation of 12 previously unreported analogues and, together with previous results, permitted assignment of the ten methyltransferases required for everninomicin biosynthesis. The in vitro activity of A1 - and H-ring-modifying methyltransferases demonstrated the ability to catalyze late-stage modification of the scaffold on an A1 -ring phenol and H-ring C-4' hydroxy moiety. Together these results establish the potential of the everninomicin scaffold for modification through mutagenesis and in vitro modification of advanced biosynthetic intermediates.	1
Title: Bifunctional Nitrone-Conjugated Secondary Metabolite Targeting the Ribosome Abstract: Many microorganisms possess the capacity for producing multiple antibiotic secondary metabolites. In a few notable cases, combinations of secondary metabolites produced by the same organism are used in important combination therapies for treatment of drug-resistant bacterial infections. However, examples of conjoined roles of bioactive metabolites produced by the same organism remain uncommon. During our genetic functional analysis of oxidase-encoding genes in the everninomicin producer Micromonospora carbonacea var. aurantiaca, we discovered previously uncharacterized antibiotics everninomicin N and O, comprised of an everninomicin fragment conjugated to the macrolide rosamicin via a rare nitrone moiety. These metabolites were determined to be hydrolysis products of everninomicin P, a nitrone-linked conjugate likely the result of nonenzymatic condensation of the rosamicin aldehyde and the octasaccharide everninomicin F, possessing a hydroxylamino sugar moiety. Rosamicin binds the erythromycin macrolide binding site approximately 60 Å from the orthosomycin binding site of everninomicins. However, while individual ribosomal binding sites for each functional half of everninomicin P are too distant for bidentate binding, ligand displacement studies demonstrated that everninomicin P competes with rosamicin for ribosomal binding. Chemical protection studies and structural analysis of everninomicin P revealed that everninomicin P occupies both the macrolide- and orthosomycin-binding sites on the 70S ribosome. Moreover, resistance mutations within each binding site were overcome by the inhibition of the opposite functional antibiotic moiety binding site. These data together demonstrate a strategy for coupling orthogonal antibiotic pharmacophores, a surprising tolerance for substantial covalent modification of each antibiotic, and a potential beneficial strategy to combat antibiotic resistance.	1
Title: Antimicrobial Activity of SCH 27899, Oligosaccharide Member of the Everninomycin Class with a Wide Gram-Positive Spectrum Abstract: The in vitro antimicrobial activity of SCH 27899 (everninomycin), a novel oligosaccharide compound of the everninomycin class, was compared with vancomycin, chloramphenicol, clinafloxacin, teicoplanin and doxycycline against 428 clinical strains of bacteria. Everninomycin base exhibited the greatest antimicrobial activity compared to other formulations against all strains tested (MIC90: 0.25 microg/ml) followed by clinafloxacin and teicoplanin (MIC90: 0.5 microg/ml), vancomycin (MIC90: 2 microg/ml), and doxycycline (MIC90: 16 microg/ml). Everninomycin demonstrated the best activity against Streptococcus spp. (serogroups A, B, C, F, G) and Streptococcus pneumoniae, and lower activity against coagulase-negative staphylococci (MIC90: 0.5 microg/ml). All enterococci had an everninomycin MIC of 0.5 microg/ml or less. Everninomycin had no measurable antimicrobial activity against gram-negative aerobic organisms except Flavobacterium meningosepticum (MIC50: 2 microg/ml). Some everninomycin activity was observed against Clostridium spp., Peptostreptococcus spp., and the Prevotella bivius-disiens group. Everninomycin showed excellent activity (MIC90: 0.25 microg/ml) against the fluoroquinolone-resistant strains and all gram-positive strains resistant to vancomycin (MICs less-than-or-equal 4 microg/ml). The MBC/MIC ratios and killing curve data suggest that everninomycin is not uniformly or rapidly bactericidal. These in vitro data indicate that everninomycin could be useful against emerging gram-positive strains resistant to other contemporary antimicrobials.	1
Title: TxtH is a key component of the thaxtomin biosynthetic machinery in the potato common scab pathogen Streptomyces scabies Abstract: Streptomyces scabies causes potato common scab disease, which reduces the quality and market value of affected tubers. The predominant pathogenicity determinant produced by S. scabies is the thaxtomin A phytotoxin, which is essential for common scab disease development. Production of thaxtomin A involves the nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) TxtA and TxtB, both of which contain an adenylation (A-) domain for selecting and activating the appropriate amino acid during thaxtomin biosynthesis. The genome of S. scabies 87.22 contains three small MbtH-like protein (MLP)-coding genes, one of which (txtH) is present in the thaxtomin biosynthesis gene cluster. MLP family members are typically required for the proper folding of NRPS A-domains and/or stimulating their activities. This study investigated the importance of TxtH during thaxtomin biosynthesis in S. scabies. Biochemical studies showed that TxtH is required for promoting the soluble expression of both the TxtA and TxtB A-domains in Escherichia coli, and amino acid residues essential for this activity were identified. Deletion of txtH in S. scabies significantly reduced thaxtomin A production, and deletion of one of the two additional MLP homologues in S. scabies completely abolished production. Engineered expression of all three S. scabies MLPs could restore thaxtomin A production in a triple MLP-deficient strain, while engineered expression of MLPs from other Streptomyces spp. could not. Furthermore, the constructed MLP mutants were reduced in virulence compared to wild-type S. scabies. The results of our study confirm that TxtH plays a key role in thaxtomin A biosynthesis and plant pathogenicity in S. scabies.	1
Title: Differential regulation of undecylprodigiosin biosynthesis in the yeast-scavenging Streptomyces strain MBK6 Abstract: Streptomyces are efficient chemists with a capacity to generate diverse and potent chemical scaffolds. The secondary metabolism of these soil-dwelling prokaryotes is stimulated upon interaction with other microbes in their complex ecosystem. We observed such an interaction when a Streptomyces isolate was cultivated in a media supplemented with dead yeast cells. Whole-genome analysis revealed that Streptomyces sp. MBK6 harbors the red cluster that is cryptic under normal environmental conditions. An interactive culture of MBK6 with dead yeast triggered the production of the red pigments metacycloprodigiosin and undecylprodigiosin. Streptomyces sp. MBK6 scavenges dead-yeast cells and preferentially grows in aggregates of sequestered yeasts within its mycelial network. We identified that the activation depends on the cluster-situated regulator, mbkZ, which may act as a cross-regulator. Cloning of this master regulator mbkZ in S. coelicolor with a constitutive promoter and promoter-deprived conditions generated different production levels of the red pigments. These surprising results were further validated by DNA-protein binding assays. The presence of the red cluster in Streptomyces sp. MBK6 provides a vivid example of horizontal gene transfer of an entire metabolic pathway followed by differential adaptation to a new environment through mutations in the receiver domain of the key regulatory protein MbkZ.	1
Title: The fish pathogen Yersinia ruckeri produces holomycin and uses an RNA methyltransferase for self-resistance Abstract: Holomycin and its derivatives belong to a class of broad-spectrum antibacterial natural products containing a rare dithiolopyrrolone heterobicyclic scaffold. The antibacterial mechanism of dithiolopyrrolone compounds has been attributed to the inhibition of bacterial RNA polymerase activities, although the exact mode of action has not been established in vitro. Some dithiopyrrolone derivatives display potent anticancer activities. Recently the biosynthetic gene cluster of holomycin has been identified and characterized in Streptomyces clavuligerus. Here we report that the fish pathogen Yersinia ruckeri is a holomycin producer, as evidenced through genome mining, chemical isolation, and structural elucidation as well as genetic manipulation. We also identified a unique regulatory gene hom15 at one end of the gene cluster encoding a cold-shock-like protein that likely regulates the production of holomycin in low cultivation temperatures. Inactivation of hom15 resulted in a significant loss of holomycin production. Finally, gene disruption of an RNA methyltransferase gene hom12 resulted in the sensitivity of the mutant toward holomycin. A complementation experiment of hom12 restored the resistance against holomycin. Although the wild-type Escherichia coli BL21(DE3) Gold is susceptible to holomycin, the mutant harboring hom12 showed tolerance toward holomycin. High resolution liquid chromatography (LC)-ESI/MS analysis of digested RNA fragments demonstrated that the wild-type Y. ruckeri and E. coli harboring hom12 contain a methylated RNA fragment, whereas the mutated Y. ruckeri and the wild-type E. coli only contain normal non-methylated RNA fragments. Taken together, our results strongly suggest that this putative RNA methyltransferase Hom12 is the self-resistance protein that methylates the RNA of Y. ruckeri to reduce the cytotoxic effect of holomycin during holomycin production.	1
Title: Antimicrobial properties and mode of action of the pyrrothine holomycin Abstract: Holomycin, a member of the pyrrothine class of antibiotics, displayed broad-spectrum antibacterial activity, inhibiting a variety of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, with the exception of Enterobacter cloacae, Morganella morganii, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. The antibiotic lacked activity against the eukaryotic microorganisms Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Candida kefyr. Holomycin exhibited a bacteriostatic response against Escherichia coli that was associated with rapid inhibition of RNA synthesis in whole cells. Inhibition of RNA synthesis could have been a secondary consequence of inhibiting tRNA aminoacylation, thereby inducing the stringent response. However, the levels of inhibition of RNA synthesis by holomycin were similar in a stringent and relaxed pair of E. coli strains that were isogenic except for the deletion of the relA gene. This suggests that inhibition of RNA synthesis by holomycin could reflect direct inhibition of DNA-dependent RNA polymerase. Examination of the effects of holomycin on the kinetics of the appearance of beta-galactosidase in induced E. coli cells was also consistent with inhibition of RNA polymerase at the level of RNA chain elongation. However, holomycin only weakly inhibited E. coli RNA polymerase in assays using synthetic poly(dA-dT) and plasmid templates. Furthermore, inhibition of RNA polymerase was observed only at holomycin concentrations in excess of those required to inhibit the growth of E. coli. It is possible that holomycin is a prodrug, requiring conversion in the cell to an active species that inhibits RNA polymerase.	1
Title: Enzyme-Catalyzed Inverse-Electron Demand Diels-Alder Reaction in the Biosynthesis of Antifungal Ilicicolin H Abstract: The pericyclases are a growing superfamily of enzymes that catalyze pericyclic reactions. We report a pericyclase IccD catalyzing an inverse-electron demand Diels-Alder (IEDDA) reaction with a rate acceleration of 3 × 105-fold in the biosynthesis of fungal natural product ilicicolin H. We demonstrate IccD is highly periselective toward the IEDDA cycloaddition over a competing normal electron demand Diels-Alder (NEDDA) reaction from an ambimodal transition state. A predicted flavoenzyme IccE was identified to epimerize the IEDDA product 8- epi-ilicicolin H to ilicicolin H, a step that is critical for the observed antifungal activity of ilicicolin H. Our results reveal the ilicicolin H biosynthetic pathway and add to the collection of pericyclic reactions that are catalyzed by pericyclases.	1
Title: Discovery and Biosynthesis of Tetrachlorizine Reveals Enzymatic Benzylic Dehydrogenation via an ortho-Quinone Methide Abstract: Ortho-quinone methides (o-QMs) are reactive intermediates in biosynthesis that give rise to a variety of intra- and intermolecular cyclization/addition products in bacteria, fungi, and plants. Herein, we report a new metabolic deviation of an o-QM intermediate in a benzylic dehydrogenation reaction that links the newly described marine bacterial natural products dihydrotetrachlorizine and tetrachlorizine. We discovered these novel dichloropyrrole-containing compounds from actinomycete strain AJS-327 that unexpectedly harbors in its genome a biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) of striking similarity to that of chlorizidine, another marine alkaloid bearing a different carbon skeleton. Heterologous expression of the homologous flavin-dependent oxidoreductase enzymes Tcz9 and Clz9 revealed their native functions in tetrachlorizine and chlorizidine biosynthesis, respectively, supporting divergent oxidative dehydrogenation and pyrrolizine-forming reactions. Swapping these berberine bridge enzyme-like oxidoreductases, we produced cyclized and dehydrogenated analogs of tetrachlorizine and chlorizidine, including a dearomatized chlorizidine analog that stabilizes an o-QM via conjugation with a 3H-pyrrolizine ring.	1
Title: Antimicrobial and antiproliferative prospective of kosinostatin - a secondary metabolite isolated from Streptomyces sp Abstract: Cancer is a communal health hazard worldwide. The present investigation attempts to evaluate antimicrobial and anticancer potential of kosinostatin on mammary carcinoma cell line (MCF-7). The anticancer and antiproliferative activities of kosinostatin were analyzed on MCF cell line by MTT assay and cytotoxicity assays like lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and glutathione (GSH). The secondary metabolite kosinostatin exhibited its apoptotic nature by expressing p53 protein. Collectively, the results acquired from this study promise that kosinostatin shows the potent anticancer activity.	1
Title: Genomic analyses lead to novel secondary metabolites. Part 3. ECO-0501, a novel antibacterial of a new class Abstract: Genomic analyses of Amycolatopsis orientalis ATCC 43491 strain, deposited as a vancomycin producer, revealed the presence of genetic loci for the production of at least 10 secondary metabolites other than vancomycin. One of these gene clusters, which contained a type I polyketide synthase, was predicted to direct the synthesis of novel class of compound, a glycosidic polyketide ECO-0501 (1). Screening of culture extracts for a compound with the predicted physicochemical properties of the product from this locus, led to the isolation of the 13-O-glucuronide of 13-hydroxy-2,12,14,16,22-pentamethyl-28-(N-methyl-guanidino)-octacosa-2,4,6,8,10,14,20,24-octaenoic acid (2-hydroxy-5-oxo-cyclopent-1-enyl)-amide (ECO-0501, 1). The structure, confirmed by spectral analyses including MS, and ID and 2D NMR experiments, were in accord with that predicted by genomic analyses. ECO-0501 possessed strong antibacterial activity against a series of Gram-positive pathogens including several strains of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and vancomycin-resistant Enterococci (VRE). ECO-0501 was chemically modified by esterification (1a-1c), N-acetylation (1d) and hydrogenation (1e) in order to explore structure activity relationships (SAR).	1
Title: Colibrimycins, Novel Halogenated Hybrid Polyketide Synthase-Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase (PKS-NRPS) Compounds Produced by Streptomyces sp. Strain CS147 Abstract: The improvement of genome sequencing techniques has brought to light the biosynthetic potential of actinomycetes due to the large number of gene clusters they present compared to the number of known compounds. Genome mining is a recent strategy in the search for novel bioactive compounds, which involves the analysis of sequenced genomes to identify uncharacterized natural product biosynthetic gene clusters, many of which are cryptic or silent under laboratory conditions, and to develop experimental approaches to identify their products. Owing to the importance of halogenation in terms of structural diversity, bioavailability, and bioactivity, searching for new halogenated bioactive compounds has become an interesting issue in the field of natural product discovery. Following this purpose, a screening for halogenase coding genes was performed on 12 Streptomyces strains isolated from fungus-growing ants of the Attini tribe. Using the bioinformatics tools antiSMASH and BLAST, six halogenase coding genes were identified. Some of these genes were located within biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs), which were studied by construction of several mutants for the identification of the putative halogenated compounds produced. The comparison of the metabolite production profile of wild-type strains and their corresponding mutants by ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-UV and high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry allowed us the identification of a novel family of halogenated compounds in Streptomyces sp. strain CS147, designated colibrimycins. IMPORTANCE Genome mining has proven its usefulness in the search for novel bioactive compounds produced by microorganisms, and halogenases comprise an interesting starting point. In this work, we have identified a new halogenase coding gene that led to the discovery of novel lipopetide nonribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthase (NRPS/PKS)-derived natural products, the colibrimycins, produced by Streptomyces sp. strain CS147, isolated from the Attini ant niche. Some colibrimycins display an unusual α-ketoamide moiety in the peptide structure. Although its biosynthetic origin remains unknown, its presence might be related to a hypothetical inhibition of virus proteases, and, together with the presence of the halogenase, it represents a feature to be incorporated in the arsenal of structural modifications available for combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Synchronous intramolecular cycloadditions of the polyene macrolactam polyketide heronamide C Abstract: A growing number of natural products appear to arise from biosynthetic pathways that involve pericyclic reactions. We show here that for the heronamides this can occur via two spontaneous pathways involving alternative thermal or photochemical intramolecular cycloadditions.	1
Title: Research Progress of the Biosynthesis of Natural Bio-Antibacterial Agent Pulcherriminic Acid in Bacillus Abstract: Pulcherriminic acid is a cyclic dipeptide found mainly in Bacillus and yeast. Due to the ability of pulcherriminic acid to chelate Fe3+ to produce reddish brown pulcherrimin, microorganisms capable of synthesizing pulcherriminic acid compete with other microorganisms for environmental iron ions to achieve bacteriostatic effects. Therefore, studying the biosynthetic pathway and their enzymatic catalysis, gene regulation in the process of synthesis of pulcherriminic acid in Bacillus can facilitate the industrial production, and promote the wide application in food, agriculture and medicine industries. After initially discussing, this review summarizes current research on the synthesis of pulcherriminic acid by Bacillus, which includes the crystallization of key enzymes, molecular catalytic mechanisms, regulation of synthetic pathways, and methods to improve efficiency in synthesizing pulcherriminic acid and its precursors. Finally, possible applications of pulcherriminic acid in the fermented food, such as Chinese Baijiu, applying combinatorial biosynthesis will be summarized.	1
Title: Identification of a gene from Streptomyces rimosus M527 negatively affecting rimocidin biosynthesis and morphological differentiation Abstract: The polyene macrolide rimocidin, produced by Streptomyces rimosus M527, was found to be highly effective against a broad range of fungal plant pathogens. Current understanding of the regulatory mechanism of rimocidin biosynthesis and morphological differentiation in S. rimosus M527 is limited. NsdA is considered a negative regulator involved in morphological differentiation and biosynthesis of secondary metabolites in some Streptomyces species. In this study, nsdAsr was cloned from S. rimosus M527. The role of nsdAsr in rimocidin biosynthesis and morphological differentiation was investigated by gene deletion, complementation, and over-expression. A ΔnsdAsr mutant was obtained using CRISPR/Cas9. The mutant produced more rimocidin (46%) and accelerated morphological differentiation than the wild-type strain. Over-expression of nsdAsr led to a decrease in rimocidin production and impairment of morphological differentiation. Quantitative RT-PCR analysis revealed that transcription of rim genes responsible for rimocidin biosynthesis was upregulated in the ΔnsdAsr mutant but downregulated in the nsdAsr over-expression strain. Similar effects have been described for Streptomyces coelicolor M145 and the industrial toyocamycin-producing strain Streptomyces diastatochromogenes 1628. KEY POINTS: • A negative regulator for sporulation and rimocidin production was identified. • The CRISPR/Cas9 system was used for gene deletion in S. rimosus M527.	1
Title: Effects of addition of elicitors on rimocidin biosynthesis in Streptomyces rimosus M527 Abstract: The polyene macrolide rimocidin, produced by Streptomyces rimosus M527, is highly effective against a broad range of fungal plant pathogens, but at low yields. Elicitation is an effective method of stimulating the yield of bioactive secondary metabolites. In this study, the biomass and filtrate of a culture broth of Escherichia coli JM109, Bacillus subtilis WB600, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, and Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. cucumerinum were employed as elicitors to promote rimocidin production in S. rimosus M527. Adding culture broth and biomass of S. cerevisiae (A3) and F. oxysporum f. sp. cucumerinum (B4) resulted in an increase of rimocidin production by 51.2% and 68.3% respectively compared with the production under normal conditions in 5-l fermentor. In addition, quantitative RT-PCR analysis revealed that the transcriptions of ten genes (rimA to rimK) located in the gene cluster involved in rimocidin biosynthesis in A3 or B4 elicitation experimental group were all higher than those of a control group. Using a β-glucuronidase (GUS) reporter system, GUS enzyme activity assay, and Western blot analysis, we discovered that elicitation of A3 or B4 increased protein synthesis in S. rimosus M527. These results demonstrate that the addition of elicitors is a useful approach to improve rimocidin production.Key Points • An effective strategy for enhancing rimocidin production in S. rimosus M527 is demonstrated. • Overproduction of rimocidin is a result of higher expressed structural genes followed by an increase in protein synthesis.	1
Title: New Rimocidin/CE-108 Derivatives Obtained by a Crotonyl-CoA Carboxylase/Reductase Gene Disruption in Streptomyces diastaticus var. 108: Substrates for the Polyene Carboxamide Synthase PcsA Abstract: The rimJ gene, which codes for a crotonyl-CoA carboxylase/reductase, lies within the biosynthetic gene cluster for two polyketides belonging to the polyene macrolide group (CE-108 and rimocidin) produced by Streptomyces diastaticus var. 108. Disruption of rimJ by insertional inactivation gave rise to a recombinant strain overproducing new polyene derivatives besides the parental CE-108 (2a) and rimocidin (4a). The structure elucidation of one of them, CE-108D (3a), confirmed the incorporation of an alternative extender unit for elongation step 13. Other compounds were also overproduced in the fermentation broth of rimJ disruptant. The new compounds are in vivo substrates for the previously described polyene carboxamide synthase PcsA. The rimJ disruptant strain, constitutively expressing the pcsA gene, allowed the overproduction of CE-108E (3b), the corresponding carboxamide derivative of CE-108D (3a), with improved pharmacological properties.	1
Title: The pcsA gene from Streptomyces diastaticus var. 108 encodes a polyene carboxamide synthase with broad substrate specificity for polyene amides biosynthesis Abstract: Two structurally related polyene macrolides are produced by Streptomyces diastaticus var. 108: rimocidin (3a) and CE-108 (2a). Both bioactive metabolites are biosynthesized from the same pathway through type I polyketide synthases by choosing a starter unit either acetate or butyrate, resulting in 2a or 3a formation, respectively. Two additional polyene amides, CE-108B (2b) and rimocidin B (3b), are also produced "in vivo" when this strain was genetically modified by transformation with engineered SCP2*-derived vectors carrying the ermE gene. The two polyene amides, 2b and 3b, showed improved pharmacological properties, and are generated by a tailoring activity involved in the conversion of the exocyclic carboxylic group of 2a and 3a into their amide derivatives. The improvement on some biological properties of the resulting polyenes, compared with that of the parental compounds, encourages our interest for isolating the tailoring gene responsible for the polyene carboxamide biosynthesis, aimed to use it as tool for generating new bioactive compounds. In this work, we describe the isolation from S. diastaticus var. 108 the corresponding gene, pcsA, encoding a polyene carboxamide synthase, belonging to the Class II glutamine amidotransferases and responsible for "in vivo" and "in vitro" formation of CE-108B (2b) and rimocidin B (3b). The fermentation broth from S. diastaticus var. 108 engineered with the appropriate pcsA gene construction, showed the polyene amides to be the major bioactive compounds.	1
Title: Structural and Biosynthetic Analysis of the Fabrubactins, Unusual Siderophores from Agrobacterium fabrum Strain C58 Abstract: Siderophores are iron-chelating molecules produced by microorganisms and plants to acquire exogenous iron. Siderophore biosynthetic enzymology often produces elaborate and unique molecules through unusual reactions to enable specific recognition by the producing organisms. Herein, we report the structure of two siderophore analogs from Agrobacterium fabrum strain C58, which we named fabrubactin (FBN) A and FBN B. Additionally, we characterized the substrate specificities of the NRPS and PKS components. The structures suggest unique Favorskii-like rearrangements of the molecular backbone that we propose are catalyzed by the flavin-dependent monooxygenase, FbnE. FBN A and B contain a 1,1-dimethyl-3-amino-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-7,8-dihydroxy-quinolin (Dmaq) moiety previously seen only in the anachelin cyanobacterial siderophores. We provide evidence that Dmaq is derived from l-DOPA and propose a mechanism for the formation of the mature Dmaq moiety. Our bioinformatic analyses suggest that FBN A and B and the anachelins belong to a large and diverse siderophore family widespread throughout the Rhizobium/Agrobacterium group, α-proteobacteria, and cyanobacteria.	1
Title: Discovery of a Cryptic Depsipeptide from Streptomyces ghanaensis via MALDI-MS-Guided High-Throughput Elicitor Screening Abstract: Microbial genomes harbor an abundance of biosynthetic gene clusters, but most are expressed at low levels and need to be activated for characterization of their cognate natural products. In this work, we report the combination of high-throughput elicitor screening (HiTES) with matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI-MS) for the rapid identification of cryptic peptide natural products. Application to Streptomyces ghanaensis identified amygdalin as an elicitor of a novel non-ribosomal peptide, which we term cinnapeptin. Complete structural elucidation revealed cinnapeptin as a cyclic depsipeptide with an unusual 2-methyl-cinnamoyl group. Insights into its biosynthesis were provided by whole genome sequencing and gene deletion studies, while bioactivity assays showed antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive bacteria and fission yeast. MALDI-HiTES is a broadly applicable tool for the discovery of cryptic peptides encoded in microbial genomes.	1
Title: Genome mining and biosynthesis of kitacinnamycins as a STING activator Abstract: Cinnamoyl-containing nonribosomal peptides (CCNPs) are a small group of secondary metabolites with potent biological activities produced by actinobacteria. Two remarkable features in the biosynthesis of CCNPs include the nonribosomal peptide synthases (NRPSs) for assembly of the depsipeptide backbone and the type II polyketide synthases (PKSs) for N-terminal cinnamoyl moiety construction. Here, we present a genome mining approach targeting both NRPS and type II PKS for discovery of new CCNPs, which led to the identification of 51 putative CCNP gene clusters from public bacterial genome databases. After strain prioritization, a novel class of CCNP-type glycopeptides named kitacinnamycins, one of which showing potent activation ability towards the stimulator of interferon genes (STING) protein, was identified. Bioinformatic, genetic and biochemical analysis revealed the use of the NRPS assembly line to form the macrocyclic peptide backbone, followed by a P450 monooxygenase to generate terminal oxidized groups. A glycosyltransferase with relatively broad substrate specificity transfers sugars to the newly generated OH/COOH group. The protein crystallographic study further provided structural insights into this glycosylation. Our results not only demonstrated the feasibility of genome mining and strain prioritization for the discovery of new bioactive natural products but also disclosed the biosynthetic pathway for kitacinnamycins.	1
Title: Precursor peptide-targeted mining of more than one hundred thousand genomes expands the lanthipeptide natural product family Abstract: Background:                       Lanthipeptides belong to the ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide group of natural products and have a variety of biological activities ranging from antibiotics to antinociceptives. These peptides are cyclized through thioether crosslinks and can bear other secondary post-translational modifications. While lanthipeptide biosynthetic gene clusters can be identified by the presence of genes encoding characteristic enzymes involved in the post-translational modification process, locating the precursor peptides encoded within these clusters is challenging due to their short length and high sequence variability, which limits the high-throughput exploration of lanthipeptide biosynthesis. To address this challenge, we enhanced the predictive capabilities of Rapid ORF Description & Evaluation Online (RODEO) to identify members of all four known classes of lanthipeptides.                  Results:                       Using RODEO, we mined over 100,000 bacterial and archaeal genomes in the RefSeq database. We identified nearly 8500 lanthipeptide precursor peptides. These precursor peptides were identified in a broad range of bacterial phyla as well as the Euryarchaeota phylum of archaea. Bacteroidetes were found to encode a large number of these biosynthetic gene clusters, despite making up a relatively small portion of the genomes in this dataset. A number of these precursor peptides are similar to those of previously characterized lanthipeptides, but even more were not, including potential antibiotics. One such new antimicrobial lanthipeptide was purified and characterized. Additionally, examination of the biosynthetic gene clusters revealed that enzymes installing secondary post-translational modifications are more widespread than initially thought.                  Conclusion:                       Lanthipeptide biosynthetic gene clusters are more widely distributed and the precursor peptides encoded within these clusters are more diverse than previously appreciated, demonstrating that the lanthipeptide sequence-function space remains largely underexplored.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of andalusicin: N-terminally dimethylated class III lantibiotic from Bacillus thuringiensis sv. andalousiensis Abstract: Lanthipeptides, ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs), can be divided into five classes based on their structures and biosynthetic pathways. Class I and II lanthipeptides have been well characterized, whereas less is known about members of the other three classes. Here, we describe a new family of class III lanthipeptides from Firmicutes. Members of the family are distinguished by the presence of a single carboxy-terminal labionin. We identified and characterized andalusicin, a representative of this family. Andalusicin bears two methyl groups at the α-amino terminus, a post-translational modification that has not previously been identified in class III lanthipeptides. Mature andalusicin A shows bioactivity against various Gram-positive bacteria, an activity that is highly dependent on the α-N dimethylation.	1
Title: Synthesis of the originally proposed structure of palmerolide C Abstract: A stereoselective synthesis of the proposed structure of palmerolide C (1), a cytotoxic marine macrolide isolated from the Antarctic tunicate Synoicum adareanum, utilizes a convergent carbonyl-based coupling strategy to construct the C1-C24 carbon skeleton (see scheme). Compound 1 was shown to be a diastereomer of palmerolide C, and the structural revision of the natural product is proposed.	1
Title: Characterization of the microbial community and polyketide biosynthetic potential in the palmerolide-producing tunicate Synoicum adareanum Abstract: Palmerolide A (1) is a macrolide isolated from the Antarctic tunicate Synoicum adareanum that is of interest due to its potential as an antimelanoma drug. Biosynthesis is predicted to occur via a hybrid PKS-NRPS pathway within S. adareanum, but the identity of the palmerolide-producing organism (host or putative host-associated microorganism) has not been established. Microscopic observation revealed a dense microbial community inside the tunicate, and evidence from 16S rRNA gene DGGE profiles and clone library sequences suggests that the bacterial community has moderate phylogenetic complexity. The alpha and gamma classes of Proteobacteria account for ∼75% of the cloned 16S rRNA genes, and the majority of these sequences are affiliated with the genera Pseudovibrio and Microbulbifer. DNA sequences encoding type I PKS ketosynthase (KS) domains were detected by PCR. The S. adareanum KS sequences, which affiliate with the trans-AT clade, are similar to portions of PKS proteins that lack integrated acyltransferase domains in pathways for generating bioactive polyketide compounds, including bryostatin, leinamycin, and pederin.	1
Title: The biosynthetic pathway to tetromadurin (SF2487/A80577), a polyether tetronate antibiotic Abstract: The type I polyketide SF2487/A80577 (herein referred to as tetromadurin) is a polyether tetronate ionophore antibiotic produced by the terrestrial Gram-positive bacterium Actinomadura verrucosospora. Tetromadurin is closely related to the polyether tetronates tetronasin (M139603) and tetronomycin, all of which are characterised by containing a tetronate, cyclohexane, tetrahydropyran, and at least one tetrahydrofuran ring. We have sequenced the genome of Actinomadura verrucosospora to identify the biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for tetromadurin biosynthesis (the mad gene cluster). Based on bioinformatic analysis of the 32 genes present within the cluster a plausible biosynthetic pathway for tetromadurin biosynthesis is proposed. Functional confirmation of the mad gene cluster is obtained by performing in-frame deletions in each of the genes mad10 and mad31, which encode putative cyclase enzymes responsible for cyclohexane and tetrahydropyran formation, respectively. Furthermore, the A. verrucosospora Δmad10 mutant produces a novel tetromadurin metabolite that according to mass spectrometry analysis is analogous to the recently characterised partially cyclised tetronasin intermediate lacking its cyclohexane and tetrahydropyran rings. Our results therefore elucidate the biosynthetic machinery of tetromadurin biosynthesis and lend support for a conserved mechanism of cyclohexane and tetrahydropyran biosynthesis across polyether tetronates.	1
Title: Thioesterase-mediated side chain transesterification generates potent Gq signaling inhibitor FR900359 Abstract: The potent and selective Gq protein inhibitor depsipeptide FR900359 (FR), originally discovered as the product of an uncultivable plant endosymbiont, is synthesized by a complex biosynthetic system comprising two nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) assembly lines. Here we characterize a cultivable bacterial FR producer, enabling detailed investigations into biosynthesis and attachment of the functionally important FR side chain. We reconstitute side chain assembly by the monomodular NRPS FrsA and the non-heme monooxygenase FrsH, and characterize intermolecular side chain transesterification to the final macrocyclic intermediate FR-Core, mediated by the FrsA thioesterase domain. We harness FrsA substrate promiscuity to generate FR analogs with altered side chains and demonstrate indispensability of the FR side chain for efficient Gq inhibition by comparative bioactivity, toxicity and docking studies. Finally, evolution of FR and side chain biosynthesis is discussed based on bioinformatics analyses. Side chain transesterification boosts potency and target affinity of selective Gq inhibitor natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Mechanism of Action of the Cell Wall Targeting Antibiotic Hypeptin Abstract: Hypeptin is a cyclodepsipeptide antibiotic produced by Lysobacter sp. K5869, isolated from an environmental sample by the iChip technology, dedicated to the cultivation of previously uncultured microorganisms. Hypeptin shares structural features with teixobactin and exhibits potent activity against a broad spectrum of gram-positive pathogens. Using comprehensive in vivo and in vitro analyses, we show that hypeptin blocks bacterial cell wall biosynthesis by binding to multiple undecaprenyl pyrophosphate-containing biosynthesis intermediates, forming a stoichiometric 2:1 complex. Resistance to hypeptin did not readily develop in vitro. Analysis of the hypeptin biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) supported a model for the synthesis of the octapeptide. Within the BGC, two hydroxylases were identified and characterized, responsible for the stereoselective β-hydroxylation of four building blocks when bound to peptidyl carrier proteins. In vitro hydroxylation assays corroborate the biosynthetic hypothesis and lead to the proposal of a refined structure for hypeptin.	1
Title: Expression and characterization of the type III polyketide synthase 1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxynaphthalene synthase from Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Sequence analysis of the metabolically rich 8.7-Mbp genome of the model actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) revealed three genes encoding predicted type III polyketide synthases (PKSs). We report the inactivation, expression, and characterization of the type III PKS homologous SCO1206 gene product as 1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxynaphthalene synthase (THNS). Incubation of recombinant THNS with malonyl-CoA showed THN production, as demonstrated by UV and HPLC analyses. The K(m) value for malonyl-CoA and the k(cat) value for THN synthesis were determined spectrophotometrically to be 3.58+/-0.85 micro M and 0.48+/-0.03 min(-1), respectively. The C-terminal region of S. coelicolor THNS, which is longer than most other bacterial and plant type III PKSs, was shortened by 25 amino acid residues and the resulting mutant was shown to be slightly more active (K(m)=1.97+/-0.19 micro M, k(cat)=0.75+/-0.04 min(-1)) than the wild-type enzyme.	1
Title: Novel tryptophan metabolism by a potential gene cluster that is widely distributed among actinomycetes Abstract: The characterization of potential gene clusters is a promising strategy for the identification of novel natural products and the expansion of structural diversity. However, there are often difficulties in identifying potential metabolites because their biosynthetic genes are either silenced or expressed only at a low level. Here, we report the identification of a novel metabolite that is synthesized by a potential gene cluster containing an indole prenyltransferase gene (SCO7467) and a flavin-dependent monooxygenase (FMO) gene (SCO7468), which were mined from the genome of Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2). We introduced these two genes into the closely related Streptomyces lividans TK23 and analyzed the culture broths of the transformants. This process allowed us to identify a novel metabolite, 5-dimethylallylindole-3-acetonitrile (5-DMAIAN) that was overproduced in the transformant. Biochemical characterization of the recombinant SCO7467 and SCO7468 demonstrated the novel L-tryptophan metabolism leading to 5-DMAIAN. SCO7467 catalyzes the prenylation of L-tryptophan to form 5-dimethylallyl-L-tryptophan (5-DMAT). This enzyme is the first actinomycetes prenyltransferase known to catalyze the addition of a dimethylallyl group to the C-5 of tryptophan. SCO7468 then catalyzes the conversion of 5-DMAT into 5-dimethylallylindole-3-acetaldoxime (5-DMAIAOx). An aldoxime-forming reaction catalyzed by the FMO enzyme was also identified for the first time in this study. Finally, dehydration of 5-DMAIAOx presumably occurs to yield 5-DMAIAN. This study provides insight into the biosynthesis of prenylated indoles that have been purified from actinomycetes.	1
Title: Metathramycin, a new bioactive aureolic acid discovered by heterologous expression of a metagenome derived biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Bacterial natural products have been a rich source of bioactive compounds for drug development, and advances in DNA sequencing, informatics and molecular biology have opened new avenues for their discovery. Here, we describe the isolation of an aureolic acid biosynthetic gene cluster from a metagenome library derived from a New Zealand soil sample. Heterologous expression of this pathway in Streptomyces albus resulted in the production and isolation of two new aureolic acid compounds, one of which (metathramycin, 6) possesses potent bioactivity against a human colon carcinoma cell line (HCT-116, IC50 = 14.6 nM). As metathramycin was a minor constituent of the fermentation extract, its discovery relied on a combination of approaches including bioactivity guided fractionation, MS/MS characterisation and pathway engineering. This study not only demonstrates the presence of previously uncharacterised aureolic acids in the environment, but also the value of an integrated natural product discovery approach which may be generally applicable to low abundance bioactive metabolites.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Heterologous Expression of Cacaoidin, the First Member of the Lanthidin Family of RiPPs Abstract: Cacaoidin is produced by the strain Streptomyces cacaoi CA-170360 and represents the first member of the new lanthidin (class V lanthipeptides) RiPP family. In this work, we describe the complete identification, cloning and heterologous expression of the cacaoidin biosynthetic gene cluster, which shows unique RiPP genes whose functions were not predicted by any bioinformatic tool. We also describe that the cacaoidin pathway is restricted to strains of the subspecies Streptomyces cacaoi subsp. cacaoi found in public genome databases, where we have also identified the presence of other putative class V lanthipeptide pathways. This is the first report on the heterologous production of a class V lanthipeptide.	1
Title: Cacaoidin, First Member of the New Lanthidin RiPP Family Abstract: Lantibiotics are ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) characterized by the presence of lanthionine or methyllanthionine rings and their antimicrobial activity. Cacaoidin, a novel glycosylated lantibiotic, was isolated from a Streptomyces cacaoi strain and fully characterized by NMR, mass spectrometry, chemical derivatization approaches and genome analysis. The new molecule combines outstanding structural features, such as a high number of d-amino acids, an uncommon glycosylated tyrosine residue and an unprecedented N,N-dimethyl lanthionine. This latter feature places cacaoidin within a new RiPP family located between lanthipeptides and linaridins, here termed lanthidins. Cacaoidin displayed potent antibacterial activity against Gram-positive pathogens including Clostridium difficile. The biosynthetic gene cluster showed low homology with those of other known lanthipeptides or linaridins, suggesting a new RiPP biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Characterization of Methanobactin from Methylosinus sp. LW4 Abstract: Methanobactins (Mbns) are a growing family of ribosomally produced, post-translationally modified natural products. Characteristic nitrogen-containing heterocycles and neighboring thioamides allow these compounds to bind copper with high affinity. Genome mining has enabled the identification of Mbn operons in bacterial genomes and the prediction of diverse Mbn structures from operon content and precursor peptide sequence. Here we report the characterization of Mbn from Methylosinus (Ms.) species (sp.) LW4. The peptide backbone is distinct from all previously characterized Mbns, and the post-translational modifications correspond precisely to those predicted on the basis of the Ms. sp. LW4 Mbn operon. Thus, prediction based on genome analysis combined with isolation and structural characterization represents a phylogenetic approach to finding diverse Mbns and elucidating their biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: Characterization of a Copper-Chelating Natural Product from the Methanotroph Methylosinus sp. LW3 Abstract: Methanobactins (Mbns) are ribosomally produced, post-translationally modified peptidic natural products that bind copper with high affinity. Methanotrophic bacteria use Mbns to acquire copper needed for enzymatic methane oxidation. Despite the presence of Mbn operons in a range of methanotroph and other bacterial genomes, few Mbns have been isolated and structurally characterized. Here we report the isolation of a novel Mbn from the methanotroph Methylosinus (Ms.) sp. LW3. Mass spectrometric and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic data indicate that this Mbn, the largest characterized to date, consists of a 13-amino acid backbone modified to include pyrazinedione/oxazolone rings and neighboring thioamide groups derived from cysteine residues. The pyrazinedione ring is more stable to acid hydrolysis than the oxazolone ring and likely protects the Mbn from degradation. The structure corresponds exactly to that predicted on the basis of the Ms. sp. LW3 Mbn operon content, providing support for the proposed role of an uncharacterized biosynthetic enzyme, MbnF, and expanding the diversity of known Mbns.	1
Title: A Conserved Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase in Xenorhabdus bovienii Produces Citrulline-Functionalized Lipopeptides Abstract: The entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus bovienii exists in a mutualistic relationship with nematodes of the genus Steinernema. Free-living infective juveniles of Steinernema prey on insect larvae and regurgitate X. bovienii within the hemocoel of a host larva. X. bovienii subsequently produces a complex array of specialized metabolites and effector proteins that kill the insect and regulate various aspects of the trilateral symbiosis. While Xenorhabdus species are rich producers of secondary metabolites, many of their biosynthetic gene clusters remain uncharacterized. Here, we describe a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) identified through comparative genomics analysis that is widely conserved in Xenorhabdus species. Heterologous expression of this NRPS gene from X. bovienii in E. coli led to the discovery of a family of lipo-tripeptides that chromatographically appear as pairs, containing either a C-terminal carboxylic acid or carboxamide. Coexpression of the NRPS with the leupeptin protease inhibitor pathway enhanced production, facilitating isolation and characterization efforts. The new lipo-tripeptides were also detected in wild-type X. bovienii cultures. These metabolites, termed bovienimides, share an uncommon C-terminal d-citrulline residue. The NRPS lacked a dedicated chain termination domain, resulting in product diversification and release from the assembly line through reactions with ammonia, water, or exogenous alcohols.	1
Title: Characterisation and heterologous biosynthesis of burnettiene A, a new polyene-decalin polyketide from Aspergillus burnettii Abstract: Chemical exploration of the recently described Australian fungus, Aspergillus burnettii, uncovered a new metabolite, burnettiene A. Here, we characterise the structure of burnettiene A as a polyene-decalin polyketide. Bioinformatic analysis of the genome of A. burnettii identified a putative biosynthetic gene cluster for burnettiene A (bue), consisting of eight genes and sharing similarity to the fusarielin gene cluster. Introduction of the reassembled bue gene cluster into Aspergillus nidulans for heterologous expression resulted in the production of burnettiene A under native promoters. Omission of bueE encoding a cytochrome P450 led to the production of preburnettiene A, confirming that BueE is responsible for catalysing the regiospecific multi-oxidation of terminal methyl groups to carboxylic acids. Similarly, bueF was shown to encode an ester-forming methyltransferase, with its omission resulting in the production of the tricarboxylic acid, preburnettiene B. Introduction of an additional copy of the transcription factor bueR under the regulation of the gpdA promoter significantly improved the heterologous production of the burnettienes. Burnettiene A displayed strong in vitro cytotoxicity against mouse myeloma NS-1 cells (MIC 0.8 μg mL-1).	1
Title: Enzymology of Anthraquinone-γ-Pyrone Ring Formation in Complex Aromatic Polyketide Biosynthesis Abstract: Aromatic-fused γ-pyrones are structural features of many bioactive natural products and valid scaffolds for medicinal chemistry. However, the enzymology of their formation has not been completely established. Now it is demonstrated that TxnO9, a CalC-like protein belonging to a START family, functions as an unexpected anthraquinone-γ-pyrone synthase involved in the biosynthesis of antitumor antibiotic trioxacarcin A (TXN-A). Structural analysis by NMR identified a likely substrate/product-binding mode and putative key active sites of TxnO9, which allowed an enzymatic mechanism to be proposed. Moreover, a subset of uncharacterized homologous proteins bearing an unexamined Lys-Thr dyad exhibit the same function. Therefore, the functional assignment and mechanistic investigation of this γ-pyrone synthase elucidated an undescribed step in TXN-A biosynthesis, and the discovery of this new branch of polyketide heterocyclases expands the functions of the START superfamily.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of trioxacarcin revealing a different starter unit and complex tailoring steps for type II polyketide synthase Abstract: Trioxacarcins (TXNs) are highly oxygenated, polycyclic aromatic natural products with remarkable biological activity and structural complexity. Evidence from 13C-labelled precursor feeding studies demonstrated that the scaffold was biosynthesized from one unit of l-isoleucine and nine units of malonyl-CoA, which suggested a different starter unit in the biosynthesis. Genetic analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster revealed 56 genes encoding a type II polyketide synthase (PKS), combined with a large amount of tailoring enzymes. Inactivation of seven post-PKS modification enzymes resulted in the production of a series of new TXN analogues, intermediates, and shunt products, most of which show high anti-cancer activity. Structural elucidation of these new compounds not only helps us to propose the biosynthetic pathway, featuring a type II PKS using a novel starter unit, but also set the stage for further characterization of the enzymatic reactions and combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Activation and Identification of a Griseusin Cluster in Streptomyces sp. CA-256286 by Employing Transcriptional Regulators and Multi-Omics Methods Abstract: Streptomyces are well-known producers of a range of different secondary metabolites, including antibiotics and other bioactive compounds. Recently, it has been demonstrated that "silent" biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) can be activated by heterologously expressing transcriptional regulators from other BGCs. Here, we have activated a silent BGC in Streptomyces sp. CA-256286 by overexpression of a set of SARP family transcriptional regulators. The structure of the produced compound was elucidated by NMR and found to be an N-acetyl cysteine adduct of the pyranonaphtoquinone polyketide 3'-O-α-d-forosaminyl-(+)-griseusin A. Employing a combination of multi-omics and metabolic engineering techniques, we identified the responsible BGC. These methods include genome mining, proteomics and transcriptomics analyses, in combination with CRISPR induced gene inactivations and expression of the BGC in a heterologous host strain. This work demonstrates an easy-to-implement workflow of how silent BGCs can be activated, followed by the identification and characterization of the produced compound, the responsible BGC, and hints of its biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Structure of ribosome-bound azole-modified peptide phazolicin rationalizes its species-specific mode of bacterial translation inhibition Abstract: Ribosome-synthesized post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) represent a rapidly expanding class of natural products with various biological activities. Linear azol(in)e-containing peptides (LAPs) comprise a subclass of RiPPs that display outstanding diversity of mechanisms of action while sharing common structural features. Here, we report the discovery of a new LAP biosynthetic gene cluster in the genome of Rhizobium Pop5, which encodes the precursor peptide and modification machinery of phazolicin (PHZ) - an extensively modified peptide exhibiting narrow-spectrum antibacterial activity against some symbiotic bacteria of leguminous plants. The cryo-EM structure of the Escherichia coli 70S-PHZ complex reveals that the drug interacts with the 23S rRNA and uL4/uL22 proteins and obstructs ribosomal exit tunnel in a way that is distinct from other compounds. We show that the uL4 loop sequence determines the species-specificity of antibiotic action. PHZ expands the known diversity of LAPs and may be used in the future as biocontrol agent for agricultural needs.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Immunosuppressant (-)-FR901483 Abstract: We report characterization of the biosynthetic pathway of the potent immunosuppressant (-)-FR901483 (1) through heterologous expression and enzymatic assays. The biosynthetic logic to form the azatricyclic alkaloid is consistent with those proposed in biomimetic syntheses and involves aza-spiro annulation of dityrosyl-piperazine to form a ketoaldehyde intermediate, followed by regioselective aldol condensation, stereoselective ketoreduction, and phosphorylation. A possible target of 1 is proposed based on the biosynthetic studies.	1
Title: Activation and Characterization of Bohemamine Biosynthetic Gene Cluster from Streptomyces sp. CB02009 Abstract: Bohemamines (BHMs) are bacterial alkaloids containing a pyrrolizidine core with two unusual methyl groups. Herein we report the activation of BHMs biosynthesis using a ribosome engineering approach. Characterization of the bhm gene cluster reveals that nonribosomal peptide synthetase BhmJ and Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase BhmK are responsible for the formation of the pyrrolizidine core, which is further methylated on C-7 by methyltransferase BhmG. The 9-methyl group of BHMs is instead originated from a nonproteinogenic amino acid (2S,5S)-5-methylproline.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Guanitoxin Enables Global Environmental Detection in Freshwater Cyanobacteria Abstract: Harmful cyanobacterial blooms (cyanoHABs) cause recurrent toxic events in global watersheds. Although public health agencies monitor the causal toxins of most cyanoHABs and scientists in the field continue developing precise detection and prediction tools, the potent anticholinesterase neurotoxin, guanitoxin, is not presently environmentally monitored. This is largely due to its incompatibility with widely employed analytical methods and instability in the environment, despite guanitoxin being among the most lethal cyanotoxins. Here, we describe the guanitoxin biosynthesis gene cluster and its rigorously characterized nine-step metabolic pathway from l-arginine in the cyanobacterium Sphaerospermopsis torques-reginae ITEP-024. Through environmental sequencing data sets, guanitoxin (gnt) biosynthetic genes are repeatedly detected and expressed in municipal freshwater bodies that have undergone past toxic events. Knowledge of the genetic basis of guanitoxin biosynthesis now allows for environmental, biosynthetic gene monitoring to establish the global scope of this neurotoxic organophosphate.	1
Title: Aminoacylation of Indole Diterpenes by Cluster-Specific Monomodular NRPS-like Enzymes Abstract: Decoration of the core scaffolds of indole diterpene (IDT) natural products is key to generating structural and bioactivity diversity. Aminoacylation as a tailoring step is rarely linked to terpene biosynthesis and is extremely rare in IDT biosynthesis. Through heterologous pathway reconstruction, we have illuminated the genetic and biochemical basis for the only reported examples of aminoacylation in IDT biosynthesis, demonstrating the unusual involvement of monomodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-like enzymes in IDT decoration.	1
Title: Investigations into the Biosynthesis, Regulation, and Self-Resistance of Toxoflavin in Pseudomonas protegens Pf-5 Abstract: Pseudomonas spp. are prolific producers of natural products from many structural classes. Here we show that the soil bacterium Pseudomonas protegens Pf-5 is capable of producing trace levels of the triazine natural product toxoflavin (1) under microaerobic conditions. We evaluated toxoflavin production by derivatives of Pf-5 with deletions in specific biosynthesis genes, which led us to propose a revised biosynthetic pathway for toxoflavin that shares the first two steps with riboflavin biosynthesis. We also report that toxM, which is not present in the well-characterized cluster of Burkholderia glumae, encodes a monooxygenase that degrades toxoflavin. The toxoflavin degradation product of ToxM is identical to that of TflA, the toxoflavin lyase from Paenibacillus polymyxa. Toxoflavin production by P. protegens causes inhibition of several plant-pathogenic bacteria, and introduction of toxM into the toxoflavin-sensitive strain Pseudomonas syringae DC3000 results in resistance to toxoflavin.	1
Title: Role refinement of melanin synthesis genes by gene knockout reveals their functional diversity in Pyricularia oryzae strains Abstract: Pyricularia oryzae is a plant pathogenic fungus that severely affects rice production. Past studies, primarily using mutants generated by spontaneous mutations or artificial physical and chemical mutagenesis, have determined that melanin is required for appressorium turgor, penetration, and virulence of P. oryzae. However, these roles need to be verified by gene knockout and/or overexpression in different strains considering the potential differences in the level of virulence. Here, we confirmed the indispensable roles of melanin in the development and virulence of P. oryzae by knocking out and over-expressing three melanin synthesis genes (ALB1, RSY1, and BUF1) in two wild-type strains (Guy11 and 70-15). Deletion of ALB1, RSY1, or BUF1 led to loss of melanin and virulence in both strains. ALB1, RSY1 and BUF1 in Guy11, and BUF1 in 70-15 were required for conidiation, respectively. ALB1, RSY1, and BUF1 were required for conidial resistance to environmental stresses (UV exposure, oxidization, and freezing damage) in both strains. Guy11 cells had greater amounts of melanin and more transcripts of melanin synthesis genes than 70-15 cells. Paired culture experiments between the deletion or over-expression mutants of melanin synthesis genes suggested that the reaction catalyzed by Buf1, but not Alb1 and Rsy1, was likely a rate-limiting step in melanin biosynthesis in 70-15. These results expand our understanding on melanin and its synthesis genes in P. oryzae as well as its responses to biotic and abiotic environments.	1
Title: Induction of Nectriapyrone Biosynthesis in the Rice Blast Fungus Pyricularia oryzae by Disturbance of the Two-Component Signal Transduction System Abstract: Most fungal secondary metabolism genes are poorly expressed under laboratory conditions. Nectriapyrones are known as secondary metabolites produced mainly by symbiotic fungi, including endophytes and plant pathogens. Herein, we show the induction of nectriapyrone production in the rice blast fungus Pyricularia oryzae. The two-component signal transduction system was disturbed by disrupting OSM1 and PoYPD1, which encoded a HOG MAP kinase and a His-containing phosphotransfer (HPt) protein, respectively. This induced the production of two polyketide compounds: nectriapyrone and its hydroxylated analogue. The nectriapyrone biosynthetic gene cluster consists of a polyketide synthase gene (NEC1) and an O-methyltransferase gene (NEC2). Overexpression of the two genes induced overproduction of nectriapyrone and five nectriapyrone analogues, including a new derivative. Nectriapyrone production was not required for the infection of rice. The structure of nectriapyrone is similar to that of the germicidins produced by Streptomyces spp., and nectriapyrone inhibited the growth of Streptomyces griseus.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450 as dimerization catalyst in diketopiperazine alkaloid biosynthesis Abstract: As dimeric natural products frequently exhibit useful biological activities, identifying and understanding their mechanisms of dimerization is of great interest. One such compound is (−)-ditryptophenaline, isolated from Aspergillus flavus, which inhibits substance P receptor for potential analgesic and anti-inflammatory activity. Through targeted gene knockout in A. flavus and heterologous yeast gene expression, we determined for the first time the gene cluster and pathway for the biosynthesis of a dimeric diketopiperazine alkaloid. We also determined that a single cytochrome P450, DtpC, is responsible not only for pyrroloindole ring formation but also for concurrent dimerization of N-methylphenylalanyltryptophanyl diketopiperazine monomers into a homodimeric product. Furthermore, DtpC exhibits relaxed substrate specificity, allowing the formation of two new dimeric compounds from a non-native monomeric precursor, brevianamide F. A radical-mediated mechanism of dimerization is proposed.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the mycotoxin tenuazonic acid by a fungal NRPS-PKS hybrid enzyme Abstract: Tenuazonic acid (TeA) is a well-known mycotoxin produced by various plant pathogenic fungi. However, its biosynthetic gene has been unknown to date. Here we identify the TeA biosynthetic gene from Magnaporthe oryzae by finding two TeA-inducing conditions of a low-producing strain. We demonstrate that TeA is synthesized from isoleucine and acetoacetyl-coenzyme A by TeA synthetase 1 (TAS1). TAS1 is a unique non-ribosomal peptide synthetase and polyketide synthase (NRPS-PKS) hybrid enzyme that begins with an NRPS module. In contrast to other NRPS/PKS hybrid enzymes, the PKS portion of TAS1 has only a ketosynthase (KS) domain and this domain is indispensable for TAS1 activity. Phylogenetic analysis classifies this KS domain as an independent clade close to type I PKS KS domain. We demonstrate that the TAS1 KS domain conducts the final cyclization step for TeA release. These results indicate that TAS1 is a unique type of NRPS-PKS hybrid enzyme.	1
Title: Regulatory Mechanism of Mycotoxin Tenuazonic Acid Production in Pyricularia oryzae Abstract: Tenuazonic acid (TeA) is a mycotoxin produced by the rice blast fungus Pyricularia oryzae and some plant pathogenic fungi. We previously demonstrated that TeA is biosynthesized in P. oryzae by TeA synthetase 1 (TAS1) and that its production is induced by osmo-sensory MAPK-encoding gene (OSM1) deletion or the addition of 1% DMSO to cultures; however, the regulatory mechanisms of TeA production were unknown. Here, we identify a Zn(II)2-Cys6-type transcription factor in the upstream region of TAS1, which is encoded by TAS2 and regulates TeA production. We also find PoLAE1, which is a homologue of LaeA, a regulator of fungal secondary metabolism. Analysis of PoLAE1 deletion and overexpression strains indicate that PoLAE1 drives TeA production. We also demonstrate that two TeA-inducing signals, 1% DMSO addition and OSM1 deletion, were transmitted through PoLAE1. Our results indicate that TeA production is regulated by two specific regulators, TAS2 and PoLAE1, in P. oryzae.	1
Title: Unique features of the ketosynthase domain in a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase hybrid enzyme, tenuazonic acid synthetase 1 Abstract: Many microbial secondary metabolites are produced by multienzyme complexes comprising nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and polyketide synthases (PKSs). The ketosynthase (KS) domains of polyketide synthase normally catalyze the decarboxylative Claisen condensation of acyl and malonyl blocks to extend the polyketide chain. However, the terminal KS domain in tenuazonic acid synthetase 1 (TAS1) from the fungus Pyricularia oryzae conducts substrate cyclization. Here, we report on the unique features of the KS domain in TAS1. We observed that this domain is monomeric, not dimeric as is typical for KSs. Analysis of a 1.68-Å resolution crystal structure suggests that the substrate cyclization is triggered via proton abstraction from the active methylene moiety in the substrate by a catalytic His-322 residue. Additionally, we show that TAS1 KS promiscuously accepts aminoacyl substrates and that this promiscuity can be increased by a single amino acid substitution in the substrate-binding pocket of the enzyme. These findings provide insight into a KS domain that accepts the amino acid-containing substrate in an NRPS-PKS hybrid enzyme and provide hints to the substrate cyclization mechanism performed by the KS domain in the biosynthesis of the mycotoxin tenuazonic acid.	1
Title: Depsipeptide Aspergillicins Revealed by Chromatin Reader Protein Deletion Abstract: Expression of biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) in filamentous fungi is highly regulated by epigenetic remodeling of chromatin structure. Two classes of histone modifying proteins, writers (which place modifications on histone tails) and erasers (which remove the modifications), have been used extensively to activate cryptic BGCs in fungi. Here, for the first time, we present activation of a cryptic BGC by a third category of histone modifying proteins, reader proteins that recognize histone tail modifications and commonly mediate writer and eraser activity. Loss of the reader SntB (Δ sntB) resulted in the synthesis of two cryptic cyclic hexa-depsipeptides, aspergillicin A and aspergillicin F, in the fungus Aspergillus flavus. Liquid chromatography, high resolution mass spectrometry, and NMR analysis coupled with bioinformatic analysis and gene deletion experiments revealed that a six adenylation (A) domain nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS, called AgiA) and O-methyltransferase (AgiB) were required for metabolite formation. A proposed biosynthetic scheme illustrates the requirement for unusual NRPS domains, such as a starting condensation domain and a thiolesterase domain proposed to cyclize the depsipeptides. This latter activity has only been found in bacterial but not fungal NRPS. The agi BGC-unique to A. flavus and some closely related species (e.g., A. oryzae, A. arachidicola)-is located next to a conserved Aspergillus siderophore BGC syntenic to other fungi.	1
Title: A cryptic pigment biosynthetic pathway uncovered by heterologous expression is essential for conidial development in Pestalotiopsis fici Abstract: Spore pigmentation is very common in the fungal kingdom. The best studied pigment in fungi is melanin which coats the surface of single cell spores. What and how pigments function in a fungal species with multiple cell conidia is poorly understood. Here, we identified and deleted a polyketide synthase (PKS) gene PfmaE and showed that it is essential for multicellular conidial pigmentation and development in a plant endophytic fungus, Pestalotiopsis fici. To further characterize the melanin pathway, we utilized an advanced Aspergillus nidulans heterologous system for the expression of the PKS PfmaE and the Pfma gene cluster. By structural elucidation of the pathway metabolite scytalone in A. nidulans, we provided chemical evidence that the Pfma cluster synthesizes DHN melanin. Combining genetic deletion and combinatorial gene expression of Pfma cluster genes, we determined that the putative reductase PfmaG and the PKS are sufficient for the synthesis of scytalone. Feeding scytalone back to the P. fici ΔPfmaE mutant restored pigmentation and multicellular adherence of the conidia. These results cement a growing understanding that pigments are essential not simply for protection of spores from biotic and abiotic stresses but also for spore structural development.	1
Title: Two transcription factors cooperatively regulate DHN melanin biosynthesis and development in Pestalotiopsis fici Abstract: Fungal 1,8-dihydroxynaphthalene (DHN) melanin plays important roles in UV protection, oxidative stress and pathogenesis. However, knowledge of the regulatory mechanisms of its biosynthesis is limited. Previous studies showed two transcription factors, PfmaF and PfmaH, located in the DHN melanin biosynthetic gene cluster (Pfma) in Pestalotiopsis fici. In this study, deletion of PfmaH resulted in loss of melanin and affected conidia cell wall integrity. Specifically, PfmaH directly regulates the expression of scytalone dehydratase, which catalyzes the transition of scytalone to T3 HN. However, PfmaF disruption using CRISPR/Cas9 system affected neither DHN melanin distribution nor conidia cell wall integrity in P. fici. Unexpectedly, overexpression of PfmaF leads to heavy pigment accumulation in P. fici hyphae. Transcriptome and qRT-PCR analyses provide insight into the roles of PfmaF and PfmaH in DHN melanin regulation. PfmaH, as a pathway specific regulator, mainly regulates melanin biosynthesis that contributes to cell wall development. Furthermore, PfmaF functions as a broad regulator to stimulate PfmaH expression in melanin production, secondary metabolism as well as fungal development.	1
Title: Genome Mining for Sesterterpenes Using Bifunctional Terpene Synthases Reveals a Unified Intermediate of Di/Sesterterpenes Abstract: Genome mining is a promising method to discover novel secondary metabolites in the postgenomic era. We applied the Aspergillus oryzae heterologous expression system to functionally characterize cryptic bifunctional terpene synthase genes found in fungal genomes and identified the sesterfisherol synthase gene (NfSS) from Neosartorya fischeri. Sesterfisherol contains a characteristic 5-6-8-5 tetracyclic ring system and is modified by cytochrome P450 monooxygenase (NfP450) to sesterfisheric acid. The cyclization mechanism was proposed on the basis of the analysis of in vivo and in vitro enzymatic reactions with isotopically labeled precursors. The mechanism involves C1 cation-olefin IV-olefin V cyclization followed by five hydride shifts, allowing us to propose a unified biogenesis for sesterterpenes branching from bicyclic (5-15), tricyclic (5-12-5), and tetracyclic (5-6-8-5) cation intermediates. Furthermore, the mechanism is distinct from that of a separate class of di/sesterterpenes including fusicoccins and ophiobolins. The difference between mechanisms is consistent with phylogenetic analysis of bifunctional terpene synthases, suggesting that the amino acid sequence reflects the initial cyclization mode, which is most likely related to the initial conformation of a linear prenyl diphosphate.	1
Title: The cereal pathogen Fusarium pseudograminearum produces a new class of active cytokinins during infection Abstract: The fungal pathogen Fusarium pseudograminearum causes important diseases of wheat and barley. During a survey of secondary metabolites produced by this fungus, a novel class of cytokinins, herein termed Fusarium cytokinins, was discovered. Cytokinins are known for their growth-promoting and anti-senescence activities, and the production of a cytokinin mimic by what was once considered as a necrotrophic pathogen that promotes cell death and senescence challenges the simple view that this pathogen invades its hosts by employing a barrage of lytic enzymes and toxins. Through genome mining, a gene cluster in the F. pseudograminearum genome for the production of Fusarium cytokinins was identified and the biosynthetic pathway was established using gene knockouts. The Fusarium cytokinins could activate plant cytokinin signalling, demonstrating their genuine hormone mimicry. In planta analysis of the transcriptional response to one Fusarium cytokinin suggests extensive reprogramming of the host environment by these molecules, possibly through crosstalk with defence hormone signalling pathways.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of intact biosynthetic gene clusters in Fusarium graminearum Abstract: Filamentous fungi such as species from the genus Fusarium are capable of producing a wide palette of interesting metabolites relevant to health, agriculture and biotechnology. Secondary metabolites are formed from large synthase/synthetase enzymes often encoded in gene clusters containing additional enzymes cooperating in the metabolite's biosynthesis. The true potential of fungal metabolomes remain untapped as the majority of secondary metabolite gene clusters are silent under standard laboratory growth conditions. One way to achieve expression of biosynthetic pathways is to clone the responsible genes and express them in a well-suited heterologous host, which poses a challenge since Fusarium polyketide synthase and non-ribosomal peptide synthetase gene clusters can be large (e.g. as large as 80 kb) and comprise several genes necessary for product formation. The major challenge associated with heterologous expression of fungal biosynthesis pathways is thus handling and cloning large DNA sequences. In this paper we present the successful workflow for cloning, reconstruction and heterologous production of two previously characterized Fusarium pseudograminearum natural product pathways in Fusarium graminearum. In vivo yeast recombination enabled rapid assembly of the W493 (NRPS32-PKS40) and the Fusarium Cytokinin gene clusters. F. graminearum transformants were obtained through protoplast-mediated and Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation. Whole genome sequencing revealed isolation of transformants carrying intact copies the gene clusters was possible. Known Fusarium cytokinin metabolites; fusatin, 8-oxo-fusatin, 8-oxo-isopentenyladenine, fusatinic acid together with cis- and trans-zeatin were detected by liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry, which confirmed gene functionality in F. graminearum. In addition the non-ribosomal lipopeptide products W493 A and B was heterologously produced in similar amounts to that observed in the F. pseudograminearum doner. The Fusarium pan-genome comprises more than 60 uncharacterized putative secondary metabolite gene clusters. We nominate the well-characterized F. graminearum as a heterologous expression platform for Fusarium secondary metabolite gene clusters, and present our experience cloning and introducing gene clusters into this species. We expect the presented methods will inspire future endevours in heterologous production of Fusarium metabolites and potentially aid the production and characterization of novel natural products.	1
Title: A symbiosis expressed non-ribosomal peptide synthetase from a mutualistic fungal endophyte of perennial ryegrass confers protection to the symbiotum from insect herbivory Abstract: While much is known about the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites by filamentous fungi their biological role is often less clear. The assumption is these pathways have adaptive value to the organism but often the evidence to support this role is lacking. We provide the first genetic evidence that the fungal produced secondary metabolite, peramine, protects a host plant from insect herbivory. Peramine is a potent insect feeding deterrent synthesized by Epichloë/Neotyphodium mutualistic endophytes in association with their grass hosts. The structure of peramine, a pyrrolopyrazine, suggests that it is the product of a reaction catalysed by a two-module non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). Candidate sequences for a peramine synthetase were amplified by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Four unique NRPS products were identified, two of which were preferentially expressed in planta. One of these hybridized to known peramine producing strains. This clone was used to isolate an Epichloë festucae cosmid that contained a two-module NRPS, designated perA. Nine additional genes, which show striking conservation of microsynteny with Fusarium graminearum and other fungal genomes, were identified on the perA-containing cosmid. Associations between perennial ryegrass and an E. festucae mutant deleted for perA lack detectable levels of peramine. A wild-type copy of perA complemented the deletion mutant, confirming that perA is a NRPS required for peramine biosynthesis. In a choice bioassay, plant material containing the perA mutant was as susceptible to Argentine stem weevil (ASW) (Listronotus bonariensis) feeding damage as endophyte-free plants confirming that peramine is the E. festucae metabolite responsible for ASW feeding deterrent activity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of a Tricyclo[6.2.2.02,7 ]dodecane System by a Berberine Bridge Enzyme-Like Aldolase Abstract: The aldol reaction is one of the most fundamental stereocontrolled carbon-carbon bond-forming reactions and is mainly catalyzed by aldolases in nature. Despite the fact that the aldol reaction has been widely proposed to be involved in fungal secondary metabolite biosynthesis, a dedicated aldolase that catalyzes stereoselective aldol reactions has only rarely been reported in fungi. Herein, we activated a cryptic polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster that was upregulated in the fungal wheat pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum during plant infection; this resulted in the production of the phytotoxic stemphyloxin II (1). Through heterologous reconstruction of the biosynthetic pathway and in vitro assay by using cell-free lysate from Aspergillus nidulans, we demonstrated that a berberine bridge enzyme (BBE)-like protein SthB catalyzes an intramolecular aldol reaction to establish the bridged tricyclo[6.2.2.02,7 ]dodecane skeleton in the post-assembly tailoring step. The characterization of SthB as an aldolase enriches the catalytic toolbox of classic reactions and the functional diversities of the BBE superfamily of enzymes.	1
Title: Orthologous peramine and pyrrolopyrazine-producing biosynthetic gene clusters in Metarhizium rileyi, Metarhizium majus and Cladonia grayi Abstract: Peramine is a non-ribosomal peptide-derived pyrrolopyrazine (PPZ)-containing molecule with anti-insect properties. Peramine is known to be produced by fungi from genus Epichloë, which form mutualistic endophytic associations with cool-season grass hosts. Peramine biosynthesis has been proposed to require only the two-module non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) peramine synthetase (PerA), which is encoded by the 8.3 kb gene perA, though this has not been conclusively proven. Until recently, both peramine and perA were thought to be exclusive to fungi of genus Epichloë; however, a putative perA homologue was recently identified in the genome of the insect-pathogenic fungus Metarhizium rileyi. We use a heterologous expression system and a hydrophilic interaction chromatography-based analysis method to confirm that PerA is the only pathway-specific protein required for peramine biosynthesis. The perA homologue from M. rileyi (MR_perA) is shown to encode a functional peramine synthetase, establishing a precedent for distribution of perA orthologs beyond genus Epichloë. Furthermore, perA is part of a larger seven-gene PPZ cluster in M. rileyi, Metarhizium majus and the stalked-cup lichen fungus Cladonia grayi. These PPZ genes encode proteins predicted to derivatize peramine into more complex PPZ metabolites, with the orphaned perA gene of Epichloë spp. representing an example of reductive evolution.	1
Title: Identification of the decumbenone biosynthetic gene cluster in Penicillium decumbens and the importance for production of calbistrin Abstract: Background:                       Filamentous fungi are important producers of secondary metabolites, low molecular weight molecules that often have bioactive properties. Calbistrin A is a secondary metabolite with an interesting structure that was recently found to have bioactivity against leukemia cells. It consists of two polyketides linked by an ester bond: a bicyclic decalin containing polyketide with structural similarities to lovastatin, and a linear 12 carbon dioic acid structure. Calbistrin A is known to be produced by several uniseriate black Aspergilli, Aspergillus versicolor-related species, and Penicillia. Penicillium decumbens produces calbistrin A and B as well as several putative intermediates of the calbistrin pathway, such as decumbenone A-B and versiol.                  Results:                       A comparative genomics study focused on the polyketide synthase (PKS) sets found in three full genome sequence calbistrin producing fungal species, P. decumbens, A. aculeatus and A. versicolor, resulted in the identification of a novel, putative 13-membered calbistrin producing gene cluster (calA to calM). Implementation of the CRISPR/Cas9 technology in P. decumbens allowed the targeted deletion of genes encoding a polyketide synthase (calA), a major facilitator pump (calB) and a binuclear zinc cluster transcription factor (calC). Detailed metabolic profiling, using UHPLC-MS, of the ∆calA (PKS) and ∆calC (TF) strains confirmed the suspected involvement in calbistrin productions as neither strains produced calbistrin nor any of the putative intermediates in the pathway. Similarly analysis of the excreted metabolites in the ∆calB (MFC-pump) strain showed that the encoded pump was required for efficient export of calbistrin A and B.                  Conclusion:                       Here we report the discovery of a gene cluster (calA-M) involved in the biosynthesis of the polyketide calbistrin in P. decumbens. Targeted gene deletions proved the involvement of CalA (polyketide synthase) in the biosynthesis of calbistrin, CalB (major facilitator pump) for the export of calbistrin A and B and CalC for the transcriptional regulation of the cal-cluster. This study lays the foundation for further characterization of the calbistrin biosynthetic pathway in multiple species and the development of an efficient calbistrin producing cell factory.	1
Title: One Polyketide Synthase, Two Distinct Products: Trans-Acting Enzyme-Controlled Product Divergence in Calbistrin Biosynthesis Abstract: Calbistrins are fungal polyketides consisting of the characteristic decalin and polyene moieties. Although the biosynthetic gene cluster of calbistrin A was recently identified, the pathway of calbistrin A biosynthesis has largely remained uninvestigated. Herein, we investigated the mechanism by which the backbone structures of calbistrins are formed, by heterologous and in vitro reconstitution of the biosynthesis and a structural biological study. Intriguingly, our analyses revealed that the decalin and polyene portions of calbistrins are synthesized by the single polyketide synthase (PKS) CalA, with the aid of the trans-acting enoylreductase CalK and the trans-acting C-methyltransferase CalH, respectively. We also determined that the esterification of the two polyketide parts is catalyzed by the acyltransferase CalD. Our study has uncovered a novel dual-functional PKS and thus broadened our understanding of how fungi synthesize diverse polyketide natural products.	1
Title: Acurin A, a novel hybrid compound, biosynthesized by individually translated PKS- and NRPS-encoding genes in Aspergillus aculeatus Abstract: This work presents the identification and proposed biosynthetic pathway for a compound of mixed polyketide-nonribosomal peptide origin that we named acurin A. The compound was isolated from an extract of the filamentous fungus Aspergillus aculeatus, and its core structure resemble that of the mycotoxin fusarin C produced by several Fusarium species. Based on bioinformatics in combination with RT-qPCR experiments and gene-deletion analysis, we identified a biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) in A. aculeatus responsible for the biosynthesis of acurin A. Moreover, we were able to show that a polyketide synthase (PKS) and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) enzyme separately encoded by this BGC are responsible for the synthesis of the PK-NRP compound, acurin A, core structure. In comparison, the production of fusarin C is reported to be facilitated by a linked PKS-NRPS hybrid enzyme. Phylogenetic analyses suggest the PKS and NRPS in A. aculeatus resulted from a recent fission of an ancestral hybrid enzyme followed by gene duplication. In addition to the PKS- and NRPS-encoding genes of acurin A, we show that six other genes are influencing the biosynthesis including a regulatory transcription factor. Altogether, we have demonstrated the involvement of eight genes in the biosynthesis of acurin A, including an in-cluster transcription factor. This study highlights the biosynthetic capacity of A. aculeatus and serves as an example of how the CRISPR/Cas9 system can be exploited for the construction of fungal strains that can be readily engineered.	1
Title: Functional expression of a highly-reducing polyketide synthase of Emericella variecolor IFM42010, an asteltoxin-producing strain, resulted in production of two polyenoic β-ketolactones with opposite stereochemistry Abstract: The asteltoxin-producing fungus Emericella variecolor IFM42010 possesses 22 highly-reducing polyketide synthase (HR-PKS) genes. Of these, an HR-PKS with a methyltransferase domain but lacking an enoylreductase domain could be involved in the biosynthesis of asteltoxin and related compounds. From six such candidate HR-PKS genes, Ev460pks was analyzed by gene disruption in E. variecolor and heterologous expression in Aspergillus oryzae. The Ev460pks-disrupted strain retained asteltoxin production ability, indicating that Ev460pks is not involved in asteltoxin biosynthesis. The A. oryzae transformant harboring the Ev460pks gene produced compounds 1 and 2, along with several unidentified products possibly decomposed from 2. Spectroscopic analyses revealed that 1 was a 4-methyl-β-ketolactone with a methylheptatriene side-chain at the C-5 position, and 2 was also a 4-methyl-β-ketolactone, bearing a dimethyltetradecahexaene side-chain at the same position. The relative configuration at C-4 in compounds 1 and 2 was opposite.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Amino Acid Derived α-Pyrones by an NRPS-NRPKS Hybrid Megasynthetase in Fungi Abstract: A nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-nonreducing polyketide synthase (NRPKS) hybrid enzyme (AnATPKS) from Aspergillus niger was shown to produce amino acid derived α-pyrone natural products (pyrophen and campyrone B). Biochemical characterization of the NRPS module in vitro reveals that the adenylation domain is promiscuous toward a variety of substituted phenylalanine analogues. Using precursor feeding and heterologous expression of AnATPKS and an associated O-methyltransferase (AnOMT), we were able to access a library of substituted pyrophen analogues. Our study paves the way for future combinatorial biosynthesis of diverse α-pyrone natural products using NRPS-NRPKS hybrids.	1
Title: Fusaoctaxin A, an Example of a Two-Step Mechanism for Non-Ribosomal Peptide Assembly and Maturation in Fungi Abstract: Fungal non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) clusters are spread across the chromosomes, where several modifying enzyme-encoding genes typically flank one NRPS. However, a recent study showed that the octapeptide fusaoctaxin A is tandemly synthesized by two NRPSs in Fusarium graminearum. Here, we illuminate parts of the biosynthetic route of fusaoctaxin A, which is cleaved into the tripeptide fusatrixin A and the pentapeptide fusapentaxin A during transport by a cluster-specific ABC transporter with peptidase activity. Further, we deleted the histone H3K27 methyltransferase kmt6, which induced the production of fusaoctaxin A.	1
Title: A linear nonribosomal octapeptide from Fusarium graminearum facilitates cell-to-cell invasion of wheat Abstract: Fusarium graminearum is a destructive wheat pathogen. No fully resistant cultivars are available. Knowledge concerning the molecular weapons of F. graminearum to achieve infection remains limited. Here, we report that deletion of the putative secondary metabolite biosynthesis gene cluster fg3_54 compromises the pathogen's ability to infect wheat through cell-to-cell penetration. Ectopic expression of fgm4, a pathway-specific bANK-like regulatory gene, activates the transcription of the fg3_54 cluster in vitro. We identify a linear, C- terminally reduced and D-amino acid residue-rich octapeptide, fusaoctaxin A, as the product of the two nonribosomal peptide synthetases encoded by fg3_54. Chemically-synthesized fusaoctaxin A restores cell-to-cell invasiveness in fg3_54-deleted F. graminearum, and enables colonization of wheat coleoptiles by two Fusarium strains that lack the fg3_54 homolog and are nonpathogenic to wheat. In conclusion, our results identify fusaoctaxin A as a virulence factor required for cell-to-cell invasion of wheat by F. graminearum.	1
Title: Characterization and Biosynthesis of a Rare Fungal Hopane-Type Triterpenoid Glycoside Involved in the Antistress Property of Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: A rare fungal hopane-type triterpenoid glycoside fumihopaside A was identified by genome mining in combination with HPLC-MS/MS in Aspergillus fumigatus. Combining genetic deletions in A. fumigatus with heterologous reconstitutions in Aspergillus nidulans of the afum gene cluster, we identified one fungal squalene hopane cyclase AfumA charging the cyclization of the hopene skeleton, one cytochrome P450, and one UDP-glycosyltransferase. Bioassays indicated that fumihopaside A plays important roles in protecting A. fumigatus against heat or ultraviolet stress.	1
Title: Identification of ε-Poly-L-lysine as an Antimicrobial Product from an Epichloë Endophyte and Isolation of Fungal ε-PL Synthetase Gene Abstract: The endophytic fungus Epichloë festucae is known to produce bioactive metabolites, which consequently protect the host plants from biotic and abiotic stresses. We previously found that the overexpression of vibA (a gene for transcription factor) in E. festucae strain E437 resulted in the secretion of an unknown fungicide. In the present study, the active substance was purified and chemically identified as ε-poly-L-lysine (ε-PL), which consisted of 28-34 lysine units. The productivity was 3.7-fold compared with that of the wild type strain E437. The isolated ε-PL showed inhibitory activity against the spore germination of the plant pathogens Drechslera erythrospila, Botrytis cinerea, and Phytophthora infestans at 1-10 μg/mL. We also isolated the fungal gene "epls" encoding ε-PL synthetase Epls. Overexpression of epls in the wild type strain E437 resulted in the enhanced production of ε-PL by 6.7-fold. Interestingly, overexpression of epls in the different strain E. festucae Fl1 resulted in the production of shorter ε-PL with 8-20 lysine, which exhibited a comparable antifungal activity to the longer one. The results demonstrate the first example of ε-PL synthetase gene from the eukaryotic genomes and suggest the potential of enhanced expression of vibA or/and epls genes in the Epichloë endophyte for constructing pest-tolerant plants.	1
Title: Use of the kojA promoter, involved in kojic acid biosynthesis, for polyketide production in Aspergillus oryzae: implications for long-term production Abstract: Background:                       Aspergillus oryzae, a useful industrial filamentous fungus, produces limited varieties of secondary metabolites, such as kojic acid. Thus, for the production of valuable secondary metabolites by genetic engineering, the species is considered a clean host, enabling easy purification from cultured cells. A. oryzae has been evaluated for secondary metabolite production utilizing strong constitutive promoters of genes responsible for primary metabolism. However, secondary metabolites are typically produced by residual nutrition after microbial cells grow to the stationary phase and primary metabolism slows. We focused on a promoter of the secondary metabolism gene kojA, a component of the kojic acid biosynthetic gene cluster, for the production of other secondary metabolites by A. oryzae.                  Results:                       A kojA disruptant that does not produce kojic acid was utilized as a host strain for production. Using this host strain, a mutant that expressed a polyketide synthase gene involved in polyketide secondary metabolite production under the kojA gene promoter was constructed. Then, polyketide production and polyketide synthase gene expression were observed every 24 h in liquid culture. From days 0 to 10 of culture, the polyketide was continuously produced, and the synthase gene expression was maintained. Therefore, the kojA promoter was activated, and it enabled the continuous production of polyketide for 10 days.                  Conclusions:                       The combined use of the kojA gene promoter and a kojA disruptant proved useful for the continuous production of a polyketide secondary metabolite in A. oryzae. These findings suggest that this combination can be applied to other secondary metabolites for long-term production.	1
Title: CLM1 of Fusarium graminearum encodes a longiborneol synthase required for culmorin production Abstract: Fusarium graminearum is a fungal pathogen of cereal crops (e.g., wheat, barley, maize) and produces a number of mycotoxins, including 15-acetyldeoxynivalenol, butenolide, zearalenone, and culmorin. To identify a biosynthetic gene for the culmorin pathway, an expressed-sequence-tag database was examined for terpene cyclase genes. A gene designated CLM1 was expressed under trichothecene-inducing conditions. Expression of CLM1 in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) resulted in the production of a sesquiterpene alcohol, longiborneol, which has the same ring structure as culmorin. Gene disruption and add-back experiments in F. graminearum showed that CLM1 was required for culmorin biosynthesis. CLM1 gene disruptants were able to convert exogenously added longiborneol to culmorin. Longiborneol accumulated transiently in culmorin-producing strains. The results indicate that CLM1 encodes a longiborneol synthase and is required for culmorin biosynthesis in F. graminearum.	1
Title: Hydroxylation of Longiborneol by a Clm2-Encoded CYP450 Monooxygenase to Produce Culmorin in Fusarium graminearum Abstract: A second structural gene required for culmorin biosynthesis in the plant pathogen Fusarium graminearum is described. Clm2 encodes a regio- and stereoselective cytochrome P450 monooxygenase for C-11 of longiborneol (1). Clm2 gene disruptants were grown in liquid culture and assessed for culmorin production via HPLC-evaporative light scattering detection. The analysis indicated a complete loss of culmorin (2) from the liquid culture of the ΔClm2 mutants. Culmorin production resumed in a ΔClm2 complementation experiment. A detailed analysis of the secondary metabolites extracted from the large-scale liquid culture of disruptant ΔClm2D20 revealed five new natural products: 3-hydroxylongiborneol (3), 5-hydroxylongiborneol (4), 12-hydroxylongiborneol (5), 15-hydroxylongiborneol (6), and 11-epi-acetylculmorin (7). The structures of the new compounds were elucidated by a combination of HRMS, 1D and 2D NMR, and X-ray crystallography.	1
Title: Towards understanding the biosynthetic pathway for ustilaginoidin mycotoxins in Ustilaginoidea virens Abstract: Ustilaginoidins, toxic to plants, animals and human, are one of major types of mycotoxins produced by Ustilaginoidea virens. In this study, a gene cluster containing the polyketide synthase gene UvPKS1 was analysed via gene replacement and biochemical studies to determine ustilaginoidin biosynthetic pathway in U. virens. UvPKS1 was first proven to be responsible for the first step of ustilaginoidin biosynthesis, since neither ustilaginoidin derivatives nor intermediates were produced when UvPKS1 was deleted. Replacement of ugsO greatly reduced ustilaginoidin production but increased the ratios of dehydrogenated/hydrogenated ustilagioidin derivatives. The enhanced growth rate of the ΔugsO mutant indicates that accumulation of certain ustilaginoidin derivatives may adversely affect mycelial growth in U. virens. Deletion of ugsT encoding a putative MFS transporter disrupted the ability to generate ustilaginoidins. The ustilaginoidin derivatives produced in the ΔugsJ mutant all lack C3-methyl, indicating that UgsJ is responsible for C3-methylation. Only monomeric intermediates, such as 3-methyl-dihydro-nor-rubrofusarin, but no ustilaginoidin derivatives were generated in the ΔugsL mutant, indicating that UgsL is responsible for the dimerization of nor-rubrofusarin derivatives to produce ustilaginoidins. However, ugsR2 deletion had no dramatic effect on ustilaginoidin biosynthesis. Together, biochemical analyses with bioinformatics and chemoinformatics uncover a multiple-step enzyme-catalysed pathway for ustilaginoidin biosynthesis in U. virens.	1
Title: Gramillin A and B: Cyclic Lipopeptides Identified as the Nonribosomal Biosynthetic Products of Fusarium graminearum Abstract: The virulence and broad host range of Fusarium graminearum is associated with its ability to secrete an arsenal of phytotoxic secondary metabolites, including the regulated mycotoxins belonging to the deoxynivalenol family. The TRI genes responsible for the biosynthesis of deoxynivalenol and related compounds are usually expressed during fungal infection. However, the F. graminearum genome harbors an array of unexplored biosynthetic gene clusters that are also co-induced with the TRI genes, including the nonribosomal peptide synthetase 8 ( NRPS8) gene cluster. Here, we identify two bicyclic lipopeptides, gramillin A (1) and B (2), as the biosynthetic end products of NRPS8. Structural elucidation by high-resolution LC-MS and NMR, including 1H-15N-13C HNCO and HNCA on isotopically enriched compounds, revealed that the gramillins possess a fused bicyclic structure with ring closure of the main peptide macrocycle occurring via an anhydride bond. Through targeted gene disruption, we characterized the GRA1 biosynthetic gene and its transcription factor GRA2 in the NRPS8 gene cluster. Further, we show that the gramillins are produced in planta on maize silks, promoting fungal virulence on maize but have no discernible effect on wheat head infection. Leaf infiltration of the gramillins induces cell death in maize, but not in wheat. Our results show that F. graminearum deploys the gramillins as a virulence agent in maize, but not in wheat, thus displaying host-specific adaptation.	1
Title: Hybrid Transcription Factor Engineering Activates the Silent Secondary Metabolite Gene Cluster for (+)-Asperlin in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Fungi are a major source of valuable bioactive secondary metabolites (SMs). These compounds are synthesized by enzymes encoded by genes that are clustered in the genome. The vast majority of SM biosynthetic gene clusters are not expressed under normal growth conditions, and their products are unknown. Developing methods for activation of these silent gene clusters offers the potential for discovering many valuable new fungal SMs. While a number of useful approaches have been developed, they each have limitations, and additional tools are needed. One approach, upregulation of SM gene cluster-specific transcription factors that are associated with many SM gene clusters, has worked extremely well in some cases, but it has failed more often than it has succeeded. Taking advantage of transcription factor domain modularity, we developed a new approach. We fused the DNA-binding domain of a transcription factor associated with a silent SM gene cluster with the activation domain of a robust SM transcription factor, AfoA. Expression of this hybrid transcription factor activated transcription of the genes in the target cluster and production of the antibiotic (+)-asperlin. Deletion of cluster genes confirmed that the cluster is responsible for (+)-asperlin production, and we designate it the aln cluster. Separately, coinduction of expression of two aln cluster genes revealed the pathway intermediate (2 Z,4 Z,6 E)-octa-2,4,6-trienoic acid, a compound with photoprotectant properties. Our findings demonstrate the potential of our novel synthetic hybrid transcription factor strategy to discover the products of other silent fungal SM gene clusters.	1
Title: Identification and manipulation of the pleuromutilin gene cluster from Clitopilus passeckerianus for increased rapid antibiotic production Abstract: Semi-synthetic derivatives of the tricyclic diterpene antibiotic pleuromutilin from the basidiomycete Clitopilus passeckerianus are important in combatting bacterial infections in human and veterinary medicine. These compounds belong to the only new class of antibiotics for human applications, with novel mode of action and lack of cross-resistance, representing a class with great potential. Basidiomycete fungi, being dikaryotic, are not generally amenable to strain improvement. We report identification of the seven-gene pleuromutilin gene cluster and verify that using various targeted approaches aimed at increasing antibiotic production in C. passeckerianus, no improvement in yield was achieved. The seven-gene pleuromutilin cluster was reconstructed within Aspergillus oryzae giving production of pleuromutilin in an ascomycete, with a significant increase (2106%) in production. This is the first gene cluster from a basidiomycete to be successfully expressed in an ascomycete, and paves the way for the exploitation of a metabolically rich but traditionally overlooked group of fungi.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Machinery of Diterpene Pleuromutilin Isolated from Basidiomycete Fungi Abstract: The diterpene pleuromutilin is a ribosome-targeting antibiotic isolated from basidiomycete fungi, such as Clitopilus pseudo-pinsitus. The functional characterization of all biosynthetic enzymes involved in pleuromutilin biosynthesis is reported and a biosynthetic pathway proposed. In vitro enzymatic reactions and mutational analysis revealed that a labdane-related diterpene synthase, Ple3, catalyzed two rounds of cyclization from geranylgeranyl diphosphate to premutilin possessing a characteristic 5-6-8-tricyclic carbon skeleton. Biotransformation experiments utilizing Aspergillus oryzae transformants possessing modification enzyme genes allowed the biosynthetic pathway from premutilin to pleuromutilin to be proposed. The present study sets the stage for the enzymatic synthesis of natural products isolated from basidiomycete fungi, which are a prolific source of structurally diverse and biologically active terpenoids.	1
Title: Heterologous expression reveals the biosynthesis of the antibiotic pleuromutilin and generates bioactive semi-synthetic derivatives Abstract: The rise in antibiotic resistance is a major threat for human health. Basidiomycete fungi represent an untapped source of underexploited antimicrobials, with pleuromutilin-a diterpene produced by Clitopilus passeckerianus-being the only antibiotic from these fungi leading to commercial derivatives. Here we report genetic characterisation of the steps involved in pleuromutilin biosynthesis, through rational heterologous expression in Aspergillus oryzae coupled with isolation and detailed structural elucidation of the pathway intermediates by spectroscopic methods and comparison with synthetic standards. A. oryzae was further established as a platform for bio-conversion of chemically modified analogues of pleuromutilin intermediates, and was employed to generate a semi-synthetic pleuromutilin derivative with enhanced antibiotic activity. These studies pave the way for future characterisation of biosynthetic pathways of other basidiomycete natural products in ascomycete heterologous hosts, and open up new possibilities of further chemical modification for the growing class of potent pleuromutilin antibiotics.	1
Title: Molecular Basis for the Biosynthesis of an Unusual Chain-Fused Polyketide, Gregatin A Abstract: Gregatin A (1) is a fungal polyketide featuring an alkylated furanone core, but the biosynthetic mechanism to furnish the intriguing molecular skeleton has yet to be elucidated. Herein, we have identified the biosynthetic gene cluster of gregatin A (1) in Penicillium sp. sh18 and investigated the mechanism that produces the intriguing structure of 1 by in vivo and in vitro reconstitution of its biosynthesis. Our study established the biosynthetic route leading to 1 and illuminated that 1 is generated by the fusion of two different polyketide chains, which are, amazingly, synthesized by a single polyketide synthase GrgA with the aid of a trans-acting enoylreductase GrgB. Chain fusion, as well as chain hydrolysis, is catalyzed by an α/β hydrolase, GrgF, hybridizing the C11 and C4 carbon chains by Claisen condensation. Finally, structural analysis and mutational experiments using GrgF provided insight into how the enzyme facilitates the unusual chain-fusing reaction. In unraveling a new biosynthetic strategy involving a bifunctional PKS and a polyketide fusing enzyme, our study expands our knowledge concerning fungal polyketide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification of the biosynthetic gene clusters for the lipopeptides fusaristatin A and W493 B in Fusarium graminearum and F. pseudograminearum Abstract: The closely related species Fusarium graminearum and Fusarium pseudograminearum differ in that each contains a gene cluster with a polyketide synthase (PKS) and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) that is not present in the other species. To identify their products, we deleted PKS6 and NRPS7 in F. graminearum and NRPS32 in F. pseudograminearum. By comparing the secondary metabolite profiles of the strains we identified the resulting product in F. graminearum as fusaristatin A, and as W493 A and B in F. pseudograminearum. These lipopeptides have previously been isolated from unidentified Fusarium species. On the basis of genes in the putative gene clusters we propose a model for biosynthesis where the polyketide product is shuttled to the NPRS via a CoA ligase and a thioesterase in F. pseudograminearum. In F. graminearum the polyketide is proposed to be directly assimilated by the NRPS.	1
Title: Antibacterial Radicicol Analogues from Pochonia chlamydosporia and Their Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Chemical investigation of fungus Pochonia chlamydosporia strain 170, derived from rice fermentation sediment samples, afforded seven radicicol analogues, including two new compounds, monocillin VI (1) and monocillin VII (2), and five known compounds, monocillin II (3), monorden D (4), monocillin IV (5), monocillin V (6), and pochonin M (7). The structures of compounds 1-7 were established primarily by analysis of nuclear magnetic resonance data, and the absolute configurations of the secondary alcohol in compounds 1 and 2 were assigned by the modified Mosher method. All seven compounds have modest antibacterial activities, with a minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC) of 25.6 μg/mL for compounds 1 and 3-7 and 51.2 μg/mL for compound 2, on inhibition of the growth of the plant pathogen Xanthomonas campestris (the positive control ampicillin showed a MIC value of 12.8 μg/mL), indicating that the fungus has the potential to control bacterial disease. The biosynthetic gene cluster and putative biosynthetic pathways of these radicicol analogues in the P. chlamydosporia genome were proposed. These findings increase our knowledge of the chemical potential of P. chlamydosporia and may allow us to better utilize the fungus as a biological control agent.	1
Title: Characterization of Two Polyketide Synthases Involved in Sorbicillinoid Biosynthesis by Acremonium chrysogenum Using the CRISPR/Cas9 System Abstract: Acremonium chrysogenum is an important fungal strain used for cephalosporin C production. Many efforts have been made to develop versatile genome-editing tools to better understand the mechanism of A. chrysogenum. Here, we developed a feasible and efficient CRISPR/Cas9 system. Two genes responsible for the synthesis of yellow pigments (sorbicillinoids) were chosen as targets, and plasmids expressing both the Cas9 protein and single-guide RNAs were constructed. After introducing the plasmids into the protoplasts of A. chrysogenum, 83 to 93% albino mutants harboring the expected genomic alteration, on average, were obtained. We have generated two mutant strains that respectively disrupt sorA and sorB by flexible CRISPR/Cas9 system. We further confirmed that the sorbicillinoid biosynthetic gene cluster is regulated by an autoinduction mechanism. This work will lay a solid foundation for gene function research and regulation in the sorbicillinoid biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Who Needs Neighbors? PKS8 Is a Stand-Alone Gene in Fusarium graminearum Responsible for Production of Gibepyrones and Prolipyrone B Abstract: Genome sequencing of the genus Fusarium has revealed a great capacity for discovery of new natural products of potential economical and therapeutic importance. Several of these are unknown. In this study, we investigated the product of the PKS8 gene in Fusarium graminearum, which was recently linked to gibepyrones in F. fujikuroi. Genomic analyses showed that PKS8 constitutes a stand-alone gene in F. graminearum and related species. Overexpression of PKS8 resulted in production of gibepyrones A, B, D, G and prolipyrone B, which could not be detected in the wild type strain. Our results suggest that PKS8 produces the entry compound gibepyrone A, which is subsequently oxidized by one or several non-clustering cytochrome P450 monooxygenases ending with prolipyrone B.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Novel Statins by Combining Heterologous Genes from Xylaria and Aspergillus Abstract: For many secondary metabolites, heterologous synthesis is the definitive step to determine their required biosynthetic genes. Using a multivector expression system in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, we reconstituted not only two natural statins from two fungal species, i.e., lovastatin from Aspergillus terreus and FR901512 from Xylaria grammica, but also new statin structures by mixing their genes. Combinatorial gene exchange experiments revealed the functional promiscuity of two polyketide synthases in A. terreus, lovB, and lovF; they could synthesize FR901512 with Xylaria genes. Key structure determinants of statins are essential accessory genes that are irreplaceable across species.	1
Title: Characterization of the product of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase-like (NRPS-like) gene using the doxycycline dependent Tet-on system in Aspergillus terreus Abstract: Genome sequencing of the fungus Aspergillus terreus uncovered a number of silent core structural biosynthetic genes encoding enzymes presumed to be involved in the production of cryptic secondary metabolites. There are five nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-like genes with the predicted A-T-TE domain architecture within the A. terreus genome. Among the five genes, only the product of pgnA remains unknown. The Tet-on system is an inducible, tunable and metabolism-independent expression system originally developed for Aspergillus niger. Here we report the adoption of the Tet-on system as an effective gene activation tool in A. terreus. Application of this system in A. terreus allowed us to uncover the product of the cryptic NRPS-like gene, pgnA. Furthermore expression of pgnA in the heterologous Aspergillus nidulans host suggested that the pgnA gene alone is necessary for phenguignardic acid (1) biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genetic localization of the orevactaene/epipyrone biosynthetic gene cluster in Epicoccum nigrum Abstract: Epipyrone (EPN)-A (syn. orevactaene) is a polyketide compound of 3-d-galactosyl-4-hydroxy-2-pyrone with a modified heptaene acyl moiety, produced from Epicoccum nigrum and was reported to have various biological activities. Genome analysis identified a hypothetical EPN biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) composed of the four genes epnABCD, which encode a highly-reducing fungal polyketide synthase, a glycosyltransferase, a cytochrome P450, and a transporter. The individual gene inactivation of epnABC resulted in the total loss of EPN production, while the inactivation of a nearby transcription factor-encoding gene had no effect on the production of EPN, substantiating that epnABCD is the EPN BGC. mRNA expression indicated no epnA transcription in the epnB knockout mutant and the occurrence of the bicistronic transcription of epnAB. This study defined an EPN BGC, which is the first blueprint reported for glycosylated 2-pyrone polyketide biosynthesis.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of genes responsible for biosynthesis of kojic acid, an industrially important compound from Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: Kojic acid is produced in large amounts by Aspergillus oryzae as a secondary metabolite and is widely used in the cosmetic industry. Glucose can be converted to kojic acid, perhaps by only a few steps, but no genes for the conversion have thus far been revealed. Using a DNA microarray, gene expression profiles under three pairs of conditions significantly affecting kojic acid production were compared. All genes were ranked using an index parameter reflecting both high amounts of transcription and a high induction ratio under producing conditions. After disruption of nine candidate genes selected from the top of the list, two genes of unknown function were found to be responsible for kojic acid biosynthesis, one having an oxidoreductase motif and the other a transporter motif. These two genes are closely associated in the genome, showing typical characteristics of genes involved in secondary metabolism.	1
Title: Kojic acid biosynthesis in Aspergillus oryzae is regulated by a Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) transcriptional activator and induced by kojic acid at the transcriptional level Abstract: A gene encoding the Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) transcriptional factor is clustered with two genes involved in biosynthesis of a secondary metabolite, kojic acid (KA), in Aspergillus oryzae. We determined that the gene was essential for KA production and the transcriptional activation of KA biosynthetic genes, which were triggered by the addition of KA.	1
Title: Peniphenone and Penilactone Formation in Penicillium crustosum via 1,4-Michael Additions of ortho-Quinone Methide from Hydroxyclavatol to γ-Butyrolactones from Crustosic Acid Abstract: Penilactones A and B consist of a γ-butyrolactone and two clavatol moieties. We identified two separate gene clusters for the biosynthesis of these key building blocks in Penicillium crustosum. Gene deletion, feeding experiments, and biochemical investigations proved that a nonreducing PKS ClaF is responsible for the formation of clavatol and the PKS-NRPS hybrid TraA is involved in the formation of crustosic acid, which undergoes decarboxylation and isomerization to the predominant terrestric acid. Both acids are proposed to be converted to γ-butyrolactones with involvement of a cytochrome P450 ClaJ. Oxidation of clavatol to hydroxyclavatol by a nonheme FeII/2-oxoglutarate-dependent oxygenase ClaD and its spontaneous dehydration to an ortho-quinone methide initiate the two nonenzymatic 1,4-Michael addition steps. Spontaneous addition of the methide to the γ-butyrolactones led to peniphenone D and penilactone D, which undergo again stereospecific attacking by methide to give penilactones A/B.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression of the Unusual Terreazepine Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Reveals a Promising Approach for Identifying New Chemical Scaffolds Abstract: Advances in genome sequencing have revitalized natural product discovery efforts, revealing the untapped biosynthetic potential of fungi. While the volume of genomic data continues to expand, discovery efforts are slowed due to the time-consuming nature of experiments required to characterize new molecules. To direct efforts toward uncharacterized biosynthetic gene clusters most likely to encode novel chemical scaffolds, we took advantage of comparative metabolomics and heterologous gene expression using fungal artificial chromosomes (FACs). By linking mass spectral profiles with structural clues provided by FAC-encoded gene clusters, we targeted a compound originating from an unusual gene cluster containing an indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO). With this approach, we isolate and characterize R and S forms of the new molecule terreazepine, which contains a novel chemical scaffold resulting from cyclization of the IDO-supplied kynurenine. The discovery of terreazepine illustrates that FAC-based approaches targeting unusual biosynthetic machinery provide a promising avenue forward for targeted discovery of novel scaffolds and their biosynthetic enzymes, and it also represents another example of a biosynthetic gene cluster "repurposing" a primary metabolic enzyme to diversify its secondary metabolite arsenal.IMPORTANCE Here, we provide evidence that Aspergillus terreus encodes a biosynthetic gene cluster containing a repurposed indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) dedicated to secondary metabolite synthesis. The discovery of this neofunctionalized IDO not only enabled discovery of a new compound with an unusual chemical scaffold but also provided insight into the numerous strategies fungi employ for diversifying and protecting themselves against secondary metabolites. The observations in this study set the stage for further in-depth studies into the function of duplicated IDOs present in fungal biosynthetic gene clusters and presents a strategy for accessing the biosynthetic potential of gene clusters containing duplicated primary metabolic genes.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of a New Benzazepine Alkaloid Nanangelenin A from Aspergillus nanangensis Involves an Unusual l-Kynurenine-Incorporating NRPS Catalyzing Regioselective Lactamization Abstract: 1-Benzazepine is a pharmaceutically important scaffold but is rare among natural products. Nanangelenin A (1), containing an unprecedented 3,4-dihydro-1-benzazepine-2,5-dione-N-prenyl-N-acetoxy-anthranilamide scaffold, was isolated from a novel species of Australian fungus, Aspergillus nanangensis. Genomic and retrobiosynthetic analyses identified a putative nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster (nan). The detailed biosynthetic pathway to 1 was established by heterologous pathway reconstitution in A. nidulans, which led to biosynthesis of intermediates nanagelenin B-F (2-5 and 7). We demonstrated that the NRPS NanA incorporates anthranilic acid (Ant) and l-kynurenine (l-Kyn), which is supplied by a dedicated indoleamine-2,3-dioxygenase NanC encoded in the gene cluster. Using heterologous in vivo assays and mutagenesis, we demonstrated that the C-terminal condensation (CT) and thiolation (T3) domains of NanA are responsible for the regioselective cyclization of the tethered Ant-l-Kyn dipeptide to form the unusual benzazepine scaffold in 1. We also showed that NanA-CT catalyzes the regioselective cyclization of a surrogate synthetic substrate, Ant-l-Kyn-N-acetylcysteamine, to give the benzazepine scaffold, while spontaneous cyclization of the dipeptide yielded the alternative kinetically favored benzodiazepine scaffold. The discovery of 1 and the characterization of NanA have expanded the chemical and functional diversities of fungal NRPSs.	1
Title: Production of Diverse Beauveriolide Analogs in Closely Related Fungi: a Rare Case of Fungal Chemodiversity Abstract: Fungal chemodiversity is well known in part due to the production of diverse analogous compounds by a single biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC). Usually, similar or the same metabolites are produced by closely related fungal species under a given condition, the foundation of fungal chemotaxonomy. Here, we report a rare case of the production of the cyclodepsipeptide beauveriolides (BVDs) in three insect-pathogenic fungi. We found that the more closely related fungi Beauveria bassiana and Beauveria brongniartii produced structurally distinct analogs of BVDs, whereas the less-close relatives B. brongniartii and Cordyceps militaris biosynthesized structurally similar congeners under the same growth condition. It was verified that a conserved BGC containing four genes is responsible for BVD biosynthesis in three fungi, including a polyketide synthase (PKS) for the production of 3-hydroxy fatty acids (FAs) with chain length variations. In contrast to BVD production patterns, phylogenetic analysis of the BGC enzymes or enzyme domains largely resulted in the congruence relationship with fungal speciation. Feeding assays demonstrated that an FA with a chain length of eight carbon atoms was preferentially utilized, whereas an FA with a chain longer than 10 carbon atoms could not be used as a substrate for BVD biosynthesis. Insect survival assays suggested that the contribution of BVDs to fungal virulence might be associated with the susceptibility of insect species. The results of this study enrich the knowledge of fungal secondary metabolic diversity that can question the reliability of fungal chemotaxonomy.IMPORTANCE Fungal chemotaxonomy is an approach to classify fungi based on the fungal production profile of metabolites, especially the secondary metabolites. We found an atypical example that could question the reliability of fungal chemical classifications in this study, i.e., the more closely related entomopathogenic species Beauveria bassiana and Beauveria brongniartii produced structurally different congeners of the cyclodepsipeptide beauveriolides, whereas the rather divergent species B. brongniartii and Cordyceps militaris biosynthesized similar analogs under the same growth condition. The conserved biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) containing four genes present in each species is responsible for beauveriolide production. In contrast to the compound formation profiles, the phylogenies of biosynthetic enzymes or enzymatic domains show associations with fungal speciation. Dependent on the insect species, production of beauveriolides may contribute to fungal virulence against the susceptible insect hosts. The findings in this study augment the diversity of fungal secondary metabolisms.	1
Title: Discovery and characterization of a cytochalasan biosynthetic cluster from the marine-derived fungus Aspergillus flavipes CNL-338 Abstract: Cytochalasans are a large family of well-studied cytotoxic molecules isolated from fungi. Investigation into the organic extract of the marine-derived fungal strain Aspergillus flavipes CNL-338 led to the isolation of seven leucine-containing cytochalasans. Genome mining allowed for the identification of the ffs biosynthetic gene cluster, and genetic inactivation studies verified its involvement in cytochalasan biosynthesis. In addition, comparative analysis of key residues in the binding pocket of core cytochalasan biosynthetic enzymes revealed significant similarities among fungal adenylation domains despite differences in substrate preference. We report the identification of leucine-containing cytochalasans from the marine-derived A. flavipes CNL-338 and the characterization of the ffs biosynthetic cluster as verified by genetic inactivation studies.	1
Title: Genomics-Driven Discovery of Phytotoxic Cytochalasans Involved in the Virulence of the Wheat Pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum Abstract: The etiology of fungal pathogenesis of grains is critical to global food security. The large number of orphan biosynthetic gene clusters uncovered in fungal plant pathogen genome sequencing projects suggests that we have a significant knowledge gap about the secondary metabolite repertoires of these pathogens and their roles in plant pathogenesis. Cytochalasans are a family of natural products of significant interest due to their ability to bind to actin and interfere with cellular processes that involved actin polymerization; however, our understanding of their biosynthesis and biological roles remains incomplete. Here, we identified a putative polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) gene cluster (phm) that was upregulated in the pathogen Parastagonospora nodorum during its infection on wheat. Overexpression of the transcription factor gene phmR encoded in the phm gene cluster resulted in the production of two leucine-derived cytochalasans, phomacins D and E (1 and 2, respectively), and an acetonyl adduct phomacin F. Heterologous expression of the PKS-NRPS gene phmA and the trans-enoyl reductase (ER) gene phmE in Aspergillus nidulans resulted in the production of a novel 2-pyrrolidone precursor prephomacin. Reverse genetics and wheat seedling infection assays showed that ΔphmA mutants exhibited significantly reduced virulence compared to the wild type. We further demonstrated that both 1 and 2 showed potent actin polymerization-inhibitory activities and exhibited potentially monocot-specific antigerminative activities. The findings from this study have advanced our knowledge based on the biosynthesis and biological roles of cytochalasans, the latter of which could have significant implications for our understanding of the molecular mechanisms of fungus-plant interactions.	1
Title: Azaphilones biosynthesis complements the defence mechanism of Trichoderma guizhouense against oxidative stress Abstract: Filamentous fungi are known as producers of a large array of diverse secondary metabolites (SMs) that aid in securing their environmental niche. Here, we demonstrated that the SMs have an additional role in fungal defence against other fungi: Trichoderma guizhouense, a mycoparasite, is able to antagonize Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. cubense race 4 (Foc4) by forming aerial hyphae that kill the host with hydrogen peroxide. At the same time, a gene cluster comprising two polyketide synthases is strongly expressed. Using functional genetics, we characterized this cluster and identified its products as azaphilones (termed as trigazaphilones). The trigazaphilones were found lacking of antifungal toxicity but exhibited high radical scavenging activities. The antioxidant property of trigazaphilones was in vivo functional under various tested conditions of oxidative stress. Thus, we conclude that the biosynthesis of trigazaphilones serves as a complementary antioxidant mechanism and defends T. guizhouense against the hydrogen peroxide that it produces to combat other fungi like Foc4.	1
Title: Horizontal gene cluster transfer increased hallucinogenic mushroom diversity Abstract: Secondary metabolites are a heterogeneous class of chemicals that often mediate interactions between species. The tryptophan-derived secondary metabolite, psilocin, is a serotonin receptor agonist that induces altered states of consciousness. A phylogenetically disjunct group of mushroom-forming fungi in the Agaricales produce the psilocin prodrug, psilocybin. Spotty phylogenetic distributions of fungal compounds are sometimes explained by horizontal transfer of metabolic gene clusters among unrelated fungi with overlapping niches. We report the discovery of a psilocybin gene cluster in three hallucinogenic mushroom genomes, and evidence for its horizontal transfer between fungal lineages. Patterns of gene distribution and transmission suggest that synthesis of psilocybin may have provided a fitness advantage in the dung and late wood-decay fungal niches, which may serve as reservoirs of fungal indole-based metabolites that alter behavior of mycophagous and wood-eating invertebrates. These hallucinogenic mushroom genomes will serve as models in neurochemical ecology, advancing the (bio)prospecting and synthetic biology of novel neuropharmaceuticals.	1
Title: Oxepinamide F biosynthesis involves enzymatic D-aminoacyl epimerization, 3H-oxepin formation, and hydroxylation induced double bond migration Abstract: Oxepinamides are derivatives of anthranilyl-containing tripeptides and share an oxepin ring and a fused pyrimidinone moiety. To the best of our knowledge, no studies have been reported on the elucidation of an oxepinamide biosynthetic pathway and conversion of a quinazolinone to a pyrimidinone-fused 1H-oxepin framework by a cytochrome P450 enzyme in fungal natural product biosynthesis. Here we report the isolation of oxepinamide F from Aspergillus ustus and identification of its biosynthetic pathway by gene deletion, heterologous expression, feeding experiments, and enzyme assays. The nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) OpaA assembles the quinazolinone core with D-Phe incorporation. The cytochrome P450 enzyme OpaB catalyzes alone the oxepin ring formation. The flavoenzyme OpaC installs subsequently one hydroxyl group at the oxepin ring, accompanied by double bond migration. The epimerase OpaE changes the D-Phe residue back to L-form, which is essential for the final methylation by OpaF.	1
Title: Ustethylin Biosynthesis Implies Phenethyl Derivative Formation in Aspergillus ustus Abstract: A highly oxygenated phenethyl derivative ustethylin A was isolated from Aspergillus ustus. Gene deletion, isotope labeling, and heterologous expression proved that the phenethyl core structure is assembled from malonyl-CoA by a polyketide synthase harboring a methyltransferase domain. Propionate was converted via acetyl-CoA to malonyl-CoA and incorporated into the molecule. Modifications on the core structure by three different oxidoreductases and one O-methyltransferase lead to the final product, ustethylin A.	1
Title: Discovery of Pyranoviolin A and Its Biosynthetic Gene Cluster in Aspergillus violaceofuscus Abstract: A new polyketide-non-ribosomal peptide hybrid molecule, pyranoviolin A (1), was discovered from the genome-sequenced fungus Aspergillus violaceofuscus CBS 115571 and was characterized to be the first pyranonigrin analog harboring the C-3 methoxy group. Examination of the genome sequence of the fungus identified a putative biosynthetic gene cluster of 1, which was designated as the pyv cluster. The gene deletion experiment of the polyketide synthase (PKS)-non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) hybrid gene in the cluster confirmed the involvement of the pyv cluster in the pyranoviolin A biosynthesis. Finally, a plausible biosynthetic route leading to 1 has been proposed based on the bioinformatic analysis. Our study indicates that metabolite analysis of genome-sequenced microorganisms whose metabolites have been largely unexplored facilitates the discovery of new secondary metabolites along with their biosynthetic gene clusters.	1
Title: HEx: A heterologous expression platform for the discovery of fungal natural products Abstract: For decades, fungi have been a source of U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved natural products such as penicillin, cyclosporine, and the statins. Recent breakthroughs in DNA sequencing suggest that millions of fungal species exist on Earth, with each genome encoding pathways capable of generating as many as dozens of natural products. However, the majority of encoded molecules are difficult or impossible to access because the organisms are uncultivable or the genes are transcriptionally silent. To overcome this bottleneck in natural product discovery, we developed the HEx (Heterologous EXpression) synthetic biology platform for rapid, scalable expression of fungal biosynthetic genes and their encoded metabolites in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. We applied this platform to 41 fungal biosynthetic gene clusters from diverse fungal species from around the world, 22 of which produced detectable compounds. These included novel compounds with unexpected biosynthetic origins, particularly from poorly studied species. This result establishes the HEx platform for rapid discovery of natural products from any fungal species, even those that are uncultivable, and opens the door to discovery of the next generation of natural products.	1
Title: Rapid discovery and functional characterization of diterpene synthases from basidiomycete fungi by genome mining Abstract: Basidiomycete fungi are a rich source of bioactive diterpenoid secondary metabolites. However, compared with the large number of diterpene synthases (di-TPSs) identified in plants and ascomycete fungi, only three di-TPSs have been described from basidiomycete fungi. Large scale genome sequencing projects combined with the development of synthetic biology techniques now has enabled the rapidly discovery and characterization of di-TPSs from basidiomycete fungi. In this study, we discovered and functionally characterized four di-TPSs from 220 genome sequenced basidiomycete fungi by a combined strategy of genomic data mining, phylogenetic analysis and fast products characterization with synthetic biology techniques. Among them, SteTC1 of Stereum histurum was characterized as the first fungal cembrane diterpene synthase; PunTC of Punctularia strigosozonata and SerTC of Serpula lacrymans were characterized as ent-kauran-16α-ol synthase and DenTC3 of Dentipellis sp was characterized as a cyathane synthase. Our results provide opportunities for the discovery of new diterpenoids from basidiomycete fungi by genome mining.	1
Title: Oxidative Ring Contraction by a Multifunctional Dioxygenase Generates the Core Cycloocatadiene in the Biosynthesis of Fungal Dimeric Anhydride Zopfiellin Abstract: To elucidate the biosynthesis of a fungicidal dimeric anhydride zopfiellin, the putative biosynthetic gene cluster was identified. We conducted heterologous expression of candidate genes for the synthesis of maleic anhydride and its dimerization and identified the two isomeric dimers with 9-membered rings as products. Notably, α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase ZopK oxidized one of the dimers, giving the 8-membered ring of zopfiellin. The mechanism of oxidative rearrangement is proposed by analyzing the incorporation of 13C-labeled precursors.	1
Title: Uncovering biosynthetic relationships between antifungal nonadrides and octadrides Abstract: Maleidrides are a class of bioactive secondary metabolites unique to filamentous fungi, which contain one or more maleic anhydrides fused to a 7-, 8- or 9- membered carbocycle (named heptadrides, octadrides and nonadrides respectively). Herein structural and biosynthetic studies on the antifungal octadride, zopfiellin, and nonadrides scytalidin, deoxyscytalidin and castaneiolide are described. A combination of genome sequencing, bioinformatic analyses, gene disruptions, biotransformations, isotopic feeding studies, NMR and X-ray crystallography revealed that they share a common biosynthetic pathway, diverging only after the nonadride deoxyscytalidin. 5-Hydroxylation of deoxyscytalidin occurs prior to ring contraction in the zopfiellin pathway of Diffractella curvata. In Scytalidium album, 6-hydroxylation - confirmed as being catalysed by the α-ketoglutarate dependent oxidoreductase ScyL2 - converts deoxyscytalidin to scytalidin, in the final step in the scytalidin pathway. Feeding scytalidin to a zopfiellin PKS knockout strain led to the production of the nonadride castaneiolide and two novel ring-open maleidrides.	1
Title: The Biosynthesis of Norsesquiterpene Aculenes Requires Three Cytochrome P450 Enzymes to Catalyze a Stepwise Demethylation Process Abstract: Aculenes are a unique class of norsequiterpenes (C14 ) that are produced by Aspergillus aculeatus. The nordaucane skeleton in aculenes A-D may be derived from an ent-daucane precursor through demethylation, however, the enzymes involved remain unexplored. We identified the biosynthetic gene cluster and characterized the biosynthetic pathway based on gene inactivation, feeding experiments, and heterologous reconstitution in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Aspergillus oryzae. We discovered that three cytochrome P450 monoxygenases are required to catalyze the stepwise demethylation process. AneF converts the 12-methyl group into a carboxylic acid and AneD installs the 10-hydroxy group for later tautomerization and stabilization. Finally, AneG installs an electron-withdrawing carbonyl group at the C-2 position, which triggers C-12 decarboxylation to yield the nordaucane skeleton. Additionally, a terpene cyclase (AneC) was found that forms a new product (dauca-4,7-diene).	1
Title: Identification of the First Diketomorpholine Biosynthetic Pathway Using FAC-MS Technology Abstract: Filamentous fungi are prolific producers of secondary metabolites with drug-like properties, and their genome sequences have revealed an untapped wealth of potential therapeutic leads. To better access these secondary metabolites and characterize their biosynthetic gene clusters, we applied a new platform for screening and heterologous expression of intact gene clusters that uses fungal artificial chromosomes and metabolomic scoring (FAC-MS). We leverage FAC-MS technology to identify the biosynthetic machinery responsible for production of acu-dioxomorpholine, a metabolite produced by the fungus, Aspergilllus aculeatus. The acu-dioxomorpholine nonribosomal peptide synthetase features a new type of condensation domain (designated CR) proposed to use a noncanonical arginine active site for ester bond formation. Using stable isotope labeling and MS, we determine that a phenyllactate monomer deriving from phenylalanine is incorporated into the diketomorpholine scaffold. Acu-dioxomorpholine is highly related to orphan inhibitors of P-glycoprotein targets in multidrug-resistant cancers, and identification of the biosynthetic pathway for this compound class enables genome mining for additional derivatives.	1
Title: Genome Mining-Based Discovery of Fungal Macrolides Modified by glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-Ethanolamine Phosphate Transferase Homologues Abstract: Through genome mining for fungal macrolide natural products, we discovered a characteristic family of putative macrolide biosynthetic gene clusters that contain a glycosylphosphatidylinositol-ethanolamine phosphate transferase (GPI-EPT) homologue. Through the heterologous expression of two clusters from Aspergillus kawachii and Colletotrichum incanum, new macrolides, including those with phosphoethanolamine or phosphocholine moieties, were formed. This study is the first demonstration of the tailoring steps catalyzed by GPI-EPT homologues in natural product biosynthesis, and it uncovers a new gene resource for phospholipid-resembling fungal macrolides.	1
Title: Investigation of a 6-MSA Synthase Gene Cluster in Aspergillus aculeatus Reveals 6-MSA-derived Aculinic Acid, Aculins A-B and Epi-Aculin A Abstract: Aspergillus aculeatus, a filamentous fungus belonging to the Aspergillus clade Nigri, is an industrial workhorse in enzyme production. Recently we reported a number of secondary metabolites from this fungus; however, its genetic potential for the production of secondary metabolites is vast. In this study we identified a 6-methylsalicylic acid (6-MSA) synthase from A. aculeatus, and verified its functionality by episomal expression in A. aculeatus and heterologous expression in A. nidulans. Feeding studies with fully (13) C-labeled 6-MSA revealed that 6-MSA is incorporated into aculinic acid, which further incorporates into three compounds that we name aculins A and B, and epi-aculin A, described here for the first time. Based on NMR data and bioinformatic studies we propose the structures of the compounds as well as a biosynthetic pathway leading to formation of aculins from 6-MSA.	1
Title: 4-Hydroxy Pyridones from Heterologous Expression and Cultivation of the Native Host Abstract: 4-Hydroxy pyridones are a class of fungi-derived polyketide-nonribosomal peptide products featuring a core of 4-hydroxy-2-pyridone which have a wide range of biological activities. Genome mining of in-house strains using polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthase as a query identified an endophyte Tolypocladium sp. 49Y, which possesses a potential 4-hydroxy pyridone biosynthetic gene cluster. Heterologous expression in Aspergillus oryzae NSAR1 revealed that this gene cluster is functional and able to produce a rare type of 4-hydroxy pyridones called tolypyridones (compounds 3 and 4). Tolypocladium sp. 49Y was grown in a variety of media which led to the isolation of six 4-hydroxy pyridones (5-10) and one pyrrolidone (11) from a rice culture, and compounds 3 and 9 showed antifungal activity. These latter compounds are different from those obtained by heterologous expression. This study shows that both heterologous expression and cultivation of the native host are complementary approaches to discover new natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the ergot alkaloids Abstract: The ergots are a structurally diverse group of alkaloids derived from tryptophan and dimethylallyl pyrophosphate (DMAPP) . The potent bioactivity of ergot alkaloids have resulted in their use in many applications throughout human history. In this highlight, we recap some of the history of the ergot alkaloids, along with a brief description of the classifications of the different ergot structures and producing organisms. Finally we describe what the advancements that have been made in understanding the biosynthetic pathways, both at the genomic and the biochemical levels. We note that several excellent review on the ergot alkaloids, including one by Wallwey and Li in Nat. Prod. Rep., have been published recently. We provide a brief overview of the ergot alkaloids, and highlight the advances in biosynthetic pathway elucidation that have been made since 2011 in Section 4.	1
Title: Fungal Highly Reducing Polyketide Synthases Biosynthesize Salicylaldehydes That Are Precursors to Epoxycyclohexenol Natural Products Abstract: Fungal highly reducing polyketide synthases (HRPKSs) are highly programmed multidomain enzymes that synthesize reduced polyketide structures. Recent reports indicated salicylaldehydes are synthesized by HRPKS biosynthetic gene clusters, which are unexpected based on known enzymology of HRPKSs. Using genome mining of a Trichoderma virens HRPKS gene cluster that encodes a number of redox enzymes, we uncover the strategy used by HRPKS pathways in the biosynthesis of aromatic products such as salicylaldehyde 4, which can be oxidatively modified to the epoxycyclohexanol natural product trichoxide 1. We show selective β-hydroxyl groups in the linear HRPKS product are individually reoxidized to β-ketones by short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase enzymes, which enabled intramolecular aldol condensation and aromatization. Our work expands the chemical space of natural products accessible through HRPKS pathways.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Prenylated Salicylaldehyde Flavoglaucin Requires Temporary Reduction to Salicyl Alcohol for Decoration before Reoxidation to the Final Product Abstract: The biosynthetic pathway of the prenylated salicylaldehyde flavoglaucin and congeners in Aspergillus ruber was elucidated by genome mining, heterologous expression, precursor feeding, and biochemical characterization. The polyketide skeleton was released as alkylated salicyl alcohols, which is a prerequisite for consecutive hydroxylation and prenylation, before reoxidation to the final aldehyde products. Our results provide an excellent example for a highly programmed machinery in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: A putative polyketide synthase/peptide synthetase from Magnaporthe grisea signals pathogen attack to resistant rice Abstract: Isolates of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe grisea that carry the gene encoding Avirulence Conferring Enzyme1 (ACE1) are specifically recognized by rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars carrying the resistance gene Pi33. This recognition enables resistant plants to activate a defense response. ACE1 was isolated by map-based cloning and encodes a putative hybrid between a polyketide synthase and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, enzymes involved in microbial secondary metabolism. ACE1 is expressed exclusively during fungal penetration of host leaves, the time point at which plant defense reactions are triggered. Ace1 appears to be localized in the cytoplasm of the appressorium. Mutation of the putative catalytic site of the beta-ketoacyl synthase domain of Ace1 abolishes recognition of the fungus by resistant rice. This suggests that Ace1 biosynthetic activity is required for avirulence. Our results are consistent with the hypothesis that the fungal signal recognized by resistant rice plants is the secondary metabolite whose synthesis depends on Ace1.	1
Title: Evidence for horizontal transfer of a secondary metabolite gene cluster between fungi Abstract: Background:                       Filamentous fungi synthesize many secondary metabolites and are rich in genes encoding proteins involved in their biosynthesis. Genes from the same pathway are often clustered and co-expressed in particular conditions. Such secondary metabolism gene clusters evolve rapidly through multiple rearrangements, duplications and losses. It has long been suspected that clusters can be transferred horizontally between species, but few concrete examples have been described so far.                  Results:                       In the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe grisea, the avirulence gene ACE1 that codes for a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) belongs to a cluster of 15 genes involved in secondary metabolism. Additional related clusters were detected in the ascomycetes Chaetomium globosum, Stagonospora nodorum and Aspergillus clavatus. Gene-by-gene phylogenetic analysis showed that in C. globosum and M. grisea, the evolution of these ACE1-like clusters is characterized by successive complex duplication events including tandem duplication within the M. grisea cluster. The phylogenetic trees also present evidence that at least five of the six genes in the homologous ACE1 gene cluster in A. clavatus originated by horizontal transfer from a donor closely related to M. grisea.                  Conclusion:                       The ACE1 cluster originally identified in M. grisea is shared by only few fungal species. Its sporadic distribution within euascomycetes is mainly explained by multiple events of duplication and losses. However, because A. clavatus contains an ACE1 cluster of only six genes, we propose that horizontal transfer from a relative of M. grisea into an ancestor of A. clavatus provides a much simpler explanation of the observed data than the alternative of multiple events of duplication and losses of parts of the cluster.	1
Title: Magnaporthe grisea avirulence gene ACE1 belongs to an infection-specific gene cluster involved in secondary metabolism Abstract: The avirulence gene ACE1 from the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe grisea encodes a polyketide synthase (PKS) fused to a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) probably involved in the biosynthesis of a secondary metabolite recognized by Pi33 resistant rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars. Analysis of the M. grisea genome revealed that ACE1 is located in a cluster of 15 genes, of which 14 are potentially involved in secondary metabolism as they encode enzymes such as a second PKS-NRPS (SYN2), two enoyl reductases (RAP1 and RAP2) and a putative Zn(II)(2)Cys(6) transcription factor (BC2). These 15 genes are specifically expressed during penetration into the host plant, defining an infection-specific gene cluster. A pORF3-GFP transcriptional fusion showed that the highly expressed ORF3 gene from the ACE1 cluster is only expressed in appressoria, as is ACE1. Phenotypic analysis of deletion or disruption mutants of SYN2 and RAP2 showed that they are not required for avirulence in Pi33 rice cultivars, unlike ACE1. Inactivation of other genes was unsuccessful because targeted gene replacement and disruption were inefficient at this locus. Overall, the ACE1 gene cluster displays an infection-specific expression pattern restricted to the penetration stage which is probably controlled at the transcriptional level and reflects regulatory networks specific to early stages of infection.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of the avirulence gene ACE1 from the fungal rice pathogen Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: The ACE1 and RAP1 genes from the avirulence signalling gene cluster of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae were expressed in Aspergillus oryzae and M. oryzae itself. Expression of ACE1 alone produced a polyenyl pyrone (magnaporthepyrone), which is regioselectively epoxidised and hydrolysed to give different diols, 6 and 7, in the two host organisms. Analysis of the three introns present in ACE1 determined that A. oryzae does not process intron 2 correctly, while M. oryzae processes all introns correctly in both appressoria and mycelia. Co-expression of ACE1 and RAP1 in A. oryzae produced an amide 8 which is similar to the PKS-NRPS derived backbone of the cytochalasans. Biological testing on rice leaves showed that neither the diols 6 and 7, nor amide 8 was responsible for the observed ACE1 mediated avirulence, however, gene cluster analysis suggests that the true avirulence signalling compound may be a tyrosine-derived cytochalasan compound.	1
Title: Linker Flexibility Facilitates Module Exchange in Fungal Hybrid PKS-NRPS Engineering Abstract: Polyketide synthases (PKSs) and nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) each give rise to a vast array of complex bioactive molecules with further complexity added by the existence of natural PKS-NRPS fusions. Rational genetic engineering for the production of natural product derivatives is desirable for the purpose of incorporating new functionalities into pre-existing molecules, or for optimization of known bioactivities. We sought to expand the range of natural product diversity by combining modules of PKS-NRPS hybrids from different hosts, hereby producing novel synthetic natural products. We succeeded in the construction of a functional cross-species chimeric PKS-NRPS expressed in Aspergillus nidulans. Module swapping of the two PKS-NRPS natural hybrids CcsA from Aspergillus clavatus involved in the biosynthesis of cytochalasin E and related Syn2 from rice plant pathogen Magnaporthe oryzae lead to production of novel hybrid products, demonstrating that the rational re-design of these fungal natural product enzymes is feasible. We also report the structure of four novel pseudo pre-cytochalasin intermediates, niduclavin and niduporthin along with the chimeric compounds niduchimaeralin A and B, all indicating that PKS-NRPS activity alone is insufficient for proper assembly of the cytochalasin core structure. Future success in the field of biocombinatorial synthesis of hybrid polyketide-nonribosomal peptides relies on the understanding of the fundamental mechanisms of inter-modular polyketide chain transfer. Therefore, we expressed several PKS-NRPS linker-modified variants. Intriguingly, the linker anatomy is less complex than expected, as these variants displayed great tolerance with regards to content and length, showing a hitherto unreported flexibility in PKS-NRPS hybrids, with great potential for synthetic biology-driven biocombinatorial chemistry.	1
Title: Overexpressing transcriptional regulator in Aspergillus oryzae activates a silent biosynthetic pathway to produce a novel polyketide Abstract: Fungal genomes carry many gene clusters seemingly capable of natural product biosynthesis, yet most clusters remain silent. This places a major constraint on the conventional approach of cloning these genes in more amenable heterologous host for the natural product biosynthesis. One way to overcome this difficulty is to activate the silent gene clusters within the context of the target fungus. Here, we successfully activated a silent polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster in Aspergillus oryzae by overexpressing a transcriptional regulator found within the cluster from a plasmid. This strategy allowed us to isolate a new polyketide product and to efficiently decipher its biosynthetic pathway. Through this exercise, we also discovered unexpected activities of the biosynthetic enzymes found in the cluster. These results indicate that our approach would be valuable for isolating novel natural products and engineering analogues of comparable, if not more potent, bioactivity.	1
Title: Regioselective Dichlorination of a Non-Activated Aliphatic Carbon Atom and Phenolic Bismethylation by a Multifunctional Fungal Flavoenzyme Abstract: The regioselective functionalization of non-activated carbon atoms such as aliphatic halogenation is a major synthetic challenge. A novel multifunctional enzyme catalyzing the geminal dichlorination of a methyl group was discovered in Aspergillus oryzae (Koji mold), an important fungus that is widely used for Asian food fermentation. A biosynthetic pathway encoded on two different chromosomes yields mono- and dichlorinated polyketides (diaporthin derivatives), including the cytotoxic dichlorodiaporthin as the main product. Bioinformatic analyses and functional genetics revealed an unprecedented hybrid enzyme (AoiQ) with two functional domains, one for halogenation and one for O-methylation. AoiQ was successfully reconstituted in vivo and in vitro, unequivocally showing that this FADH2 -dependent enzyme is uniquely capable of the stepwise gem-dichlorination of a non-activated carbon atom on a freestanding substrate. Genome mining indicated that related hybrid enzymes are encoded in cryptic gene clusters in numerous ecologically relevant fungi.	1
Title: AoiQ Catalyzes Geminal Dichlorination of 1,3-Diketone Natural Products Abstract: Enzymes that can perform halogenation of aliphatic carbons are of significant interest to the synthetic and biocatalysis communities. Here we describe the characterization of AoiQ, a single-component flavin-dependent halogenase (FDH) that catalyzes gem-dichlorination of 1,3-diketone substrates in the biosynthesis of dichlorodiaporthin. AoiQ represents the first biochemically reconstituted FDH that can halogenate an enolizable sp3-hybridized carbon atom.	1
Title: Discovery of the 2,4'-Dihydroxy-3'-methoxypropiophenone Biosynthesis Genes in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: The filamentous fungus Aspergillus oryzae has 27 putative iterative type I polyketide synthase (PKS) gene clusters, but the secondary metabolites produced by them are mostly unknown. Here, we focused on eight clusters that were reported to be expressed at relatively high levels in a transcriptome analysis. By comparing metabolites between an octuple-deletion mutant of these eight PKS gene clusters and its parent strain, we found that A. oryzae produced 2,4'-dihydroxy-3'-methoxypropiophenone (1) and its precursor, 4'-hydroxy-3'-methoxypropiophenone (3) in a specific liquid medium. Furthermore, an iterative type I PKS (PpsB) encoded by AO090102000166 and an acetyl-CoA ligase (PpsA) encoded downstream from ppsB were shown to be essential for their biosynthesis. PpsC, encoded upstream from ppsB, was shown to have 3-binding activity (Kd =26.0±6.2 μM) and is suggested to be involved in the conversion of 3 to 1. This study deepens our understanding of cryptic secondary metabolism in A. oryzae.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of para- Cyclophane-Containing Hirsutellone Family of Fungal Natural Products Abstract: Hirsutellones are fungal natural products containing a macrocyclic para-cyclophane connected to a decahydrofluorene ring system. We have elucidated the biosynthetic pathway for pyrrocidine B (3) and GKK1032 A2 (4). Two small hypothetical proteins, an oxidoreductase and a lipocalin-like protein, function cooperatively in the oxidative cyclization of the cyclophane, while an additional hypothetical protein in the pyrrocidine pathway catalyzes the exo-specific cycloaddition to form the cis-fused decahydrofluorene.	1
Title: Polyketides produced by the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium anisopliae induce Candida albicans growth Abstract: Metarhizium anisopliae is an important entomopathogenic species and model for arthropod-fungus interaction studies. This fungus harbors a diverse arsenal of unexplored secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters, which are suggested to perform diverse roles during host interaction and soil subsistence as a saprophytic species. Here we explored an unusual carnitine acyltransferase domain-containing highly reducing polyketide synthase found in the genome of M. anisopliae. Employing heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans, two new polyketides were obtained, named BAA and BAB, as well as one known polyketide [(2Z,4E,6E)-octa-2,4,6-trienedioic acid]. Intra-hemocoel injection of the most abundant compound (BAA) in the model-arthropod Galleria mellonella larvae did not induce mortality or noticeable alterations, suggesting that this compound may not harbor insecticidal activity. Also, the potential role of such molecules in polymicrobial interactions was evaluated. Determination of minimum inhibitory concentration assays using distinct fungal species revealed that BAA and BAB did not alter Cryptococcus neoformans growth, while BAA exhibited weak antifungal activity against Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Unexpectedly, these compounds increased Candida albicans growth compared to control conditions. Furthermore, BAA can mitigate the fungicidal effects of fluconazole over C. albicans. Although the exact role of these compounds on the M. anisopliae life cycle is elusive, the described results add up to the complexity of secondary metabolites produced by Metarhizium spp. Moreover, up to our knowledge, these are the first polyketides isolated from filamentous fungi that can boost the growth of another fungal species.	1
Title: Oxepin Formation in Fungi Implies Specific and Stereoselective Ring Expansion Abstract: Oxepinamides are fungal oxepine-pyrimidinone-ketopiperazine derivatives. In this study, we elucidated the biosynthetic pathway of oxepinamide D in Aspergillus ustus by gene deletion, heterologous expression, feeding experiments, and enzyme assays. We demonstrated that the cytochrome P450 enzymes catalyzed highly specific and stereoselective oxepin ring formation.	1
Title: A Gene Cluster for the Biosynthesis of Dibenzodioxocinons in the Endophyte Pestalotiopsis microspora, a Taxol Producer Abstract: The fungal products dibenzodioxocinones promise a novel class of inhibitors against cholesterol ester transfer protein (CEPT). Knowledge as to their biosynthesis is scarce. In this report, we characterized four more dibenzodioxocinones, which along with a previously described member pestalotiollide B, delimit the dominant spectrum of secondary metabolites in P. microspora. Through mRNA-seq profiling in gα1Δ, a process that halts the production of the dibenzodioxocinones, a gene cluster harboring 21 genes including a polyketide synthase, designated as pks8, was defined. Disruption of genes in the cluster led to loss of the compounds, concluding the anticipated role in the biosynthesis of the chemicals. The biosynthetic route to dibenzodioxocinones was temporarily speculated. This study reveals the genetic basis underlying the biosynthesis of dibenzodioxocinone in fungi, and may facilitate the practice for yield improvement in the drug development arena.	1
Title: Total Biosynthesis of Antiangiogenic Agent (-)-Terpestacin by Artificial Reconstitution of the Biosynthetic Machinery in Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: The total biosynthesis of (-)-terpestacin was achieved by heterologous expression of four biosynthetic enzyme genes ( tpcA- D) in Aspergillus oryzae. After construction of preterpestacin I by the action of bifunctional terpene synthase (TpcA), two cytochrome P450s (TpcBC) activate inert C-H bond to install three hydroxyl groups on the A-ring in stereo- and regioselective manners. Subsequently, a flavin-dependent oxidase (TpcD) catalyzes oxidation of the vicinal diol moiety to give a α-diketone, which undergoes an enolization to furnish terpestacin. The successful synthesis of structurally elaborated terpestacin showed that a reconstitution approach that harnesses several biosynthetic enzyme genes in A. oryzae could be a promising alternative to the current chemical synthesis of natural terpenoids.	1
Title: The Biogenetic Origin of the Biologically Active Naematolin of Hypholoma Species Involves an Unusual Sesquiterpene Synthase Abstract: Naematolin is a biologically active sesquiterpene produced by Hypholoma species. Low titres and complex structure constrain the exploitation of this secondary metabolite. Here, we de novo sequenced the H. fasciculare genome to identify a candidate biosynthetic gene cluster for production of naematolin. Using Aspergillus oryzae as a heterologous host for gene expression, the activity of several sesquiterpene synthases were investigated, highlighting one atypical sesquiterpene synthase apparently capable of catalysing the 1,11 and subsequent 2,10 ring closures, which primes the synthesis of the distinctive structure of caryophyllene derivatives. Co-expression of the cyclase with an FAD oxidase adjacent within the gene cluster generated four oxidised caryophyllene-based sesquiterpenes: 5β,6α,8β-trihydroxycariolan, 5β,8β-dihydroxycariolan along with two previously unknown caryophyllene derivatives 2 and 3. This represents the first steps towards heterologous production of such basidiomycete-derived caryophyllene-based sesquiterpenes, opening a venue for potential novel antimicrobials via combinatorial biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Alkaloidal Terpenoids from a Hybrid Terpene and Nonribosomal Peptide Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: Biosynthetic pathways containing multiple core enzymes have potential to produce structurally complex natural products. Here we mined a fungal gene cluster that contains two predicted terpene cyclases (TCs) and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). We showed the flv pathway produces flavunoidine 1, an alkaloidal terpenoid. The core of 1 is a tetracyclic, cage-like, and oxygenated sesquiterpene that is connected to dimethylcadaverine via a C-N bond and is acylated with 5,5-dimethyl-l-pipecolate. The roles of all flv enzymes are established on the basis of metabolite analysis from heterologous expression.	1
Title: The Discovery of Fungal Polyene Macrolides via a Postgenomic Approach Reveals a Polyketide Macrocyclization by trans-Acting Thioesterase in Fungi Abstract: Heterologous expression of a unique biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) comprising a highly reducing polyketide synthase and stand-alone thioesterase genes in Aspergillus oryzae enabled us to isolate a novel 34-membered polyene macrolide, phaeospelide A (1). This is the first isolation of a fungal polyene macrolide and the first demonstration of fungal aliphatic macrolide biosynthetic machinery. In addition, sequence similarity network analysis demonstrated the existence of a large number of BGCs for novel fungal macrolides.	1
Title: The identification and deletion of the polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthase gene responsible for the production of the phytotoxic triticone A/B in the wheat fungal pathogen Pyrenophora tritici-repentis Abstract: The economically important necrotrophic fungal pathogen, Pyrenophora tritici-repentis (Ptr), causes tan spot of wheat, a disease typified by foliar necrosis and chlorosis. The culture filtrate of an Australian Ptr isolate, M4, possesses phytotoxic activity and plant bioassay guided discovery led to the purification of necrosis inducing toxins called triticone A and B. High-resolution LC-MS/MS analysis of the culture filtrate identified an additional 37 triticone-like compounds. The biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for triticone production (the Ttc cluster) was identified and deletion of TtcA, a hybrid polyketide synthase (PKS)-nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS), abolished production of all triticones. The pathogenicity of mutant (ttcA) strains was not visibly affected in our assays. We hypothesize that triticones possess general antimicrobial activity important for competition in multi-microbial environments.	1
Title: Waikikiamides A-C: Complex Diketopiperazine Dimer and Diketopiperazine-Polyketide Hybrids from a Hawaiian Marine Fungal Strain Aspergillus sp. FM242 Abstract: Waikikiamides A-C (1-3), structurally complex diketopiperazine derivatives, and putative biogenic precursors, (+)-semivioxanthin (4), notoamide F (5), and (-)-notoamide A (6), were isolated from Aspergillus sp. FM242. 1 and 2, bearing a hendecacyclic ring system, represent a novel skeleton. 3 features the first unique heterodimer of two notoamide analogs with an N-O-C bridge. Compounds 1 and 3 exhibit antiproliferative activity with IC50 values in the range of 0.56 to 1.86 μM. The gene clusters mined from the sequenced genome support their putative biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: Genome mining of a fungal endophyte of Taxus yunnanensis (Chinese yew) leads to the discovery of a novel azaphilone polyketide, lijiquinone Abstract: Genome mining of Ascomycete sp. F53 (F53), a fungal endophyte of the traditional Chinese medicinal plant Taxus yunnanensis (Chinese yew), revealed 35 putative specialized metabolite biosynthesis gene clusters, one of which encodes a rarely seen tandem polyketide synthase pathway with close homology to azaphilone biosynthesis pathways. A novel compound, lijiquinone 1, was subsequently isolated from F53 and structurally and functionally characterized. The m/z 385 [M + H+ ]+ compound, comprised of a cyclohexenone side group attached to a core bicyclic ring, displayed cytotoxicity against human myeloma cells (IC50 = 129 μM), as well as antifungal activity against Candida albicans (IC50 = 79 μM) and Cryptococcus albidus (IC50 = 141 μM). Our results suggest that enzymes encoded on the lij gene cluster are responsible for the synthesis of 1 and that the medicinal properties of T. yunnanensis could be partially mediated by this novel azaphilone. This study highlights the utility of combining traditional knowledge with contemporary genomic approaches for the discovery of new bioactive compounds.	1
Title: Fusarochromene, a novel tryptophan-derived metabolite from Fusarium sacchari Abstract: Fusarochromene isolated from the plant pathogenic fungus, Fusarium sacchari is closely related to a group of mycotoxins including fusarochromanone previously isolated from various Fusaria spp. Despite their assumed polyketide biogenesis, incorporation studies with 13C-labelled acetate, glycerol and tryptophans show that fusarochromene is unexpectedly derived via oxidative cleavage of the aromatic amino acid tryptophan. A putative biosynthetic gene cluster has been identified.	1
Title: Enzymatic Formation of Rufoschweinitzin, a Binaphthalene from the Basidiomycete Cortinarius rufoolivaceus Abstract: Dimeric polyketides are widespread fungal secondary metabolites. They occur in both ascomycetes and basidiomycetes and, therefore, across fungal phyla. Here we report the isolation of a new binaphthalene, named rufoschweinitzin, from the basidiomycete Cortinarius rufoolivaceus. Rufoschweinitzin consists of two symmetrically 4,4'-coupled torachrysone-8-O-methyl ether moieties. Furthermore, we have identified a binaphthalene biosynthetic gene cluster in an unrelated fungus, the ascomycete Xylaria schweinitzii. Heterologous expression of the encoded cytochrome P450 enzyme verified its coupling activity: dimerization of torachrysone-8-O-methyl ether led to the formation of rufoschweinitzin alongside a hitherto unknown regioisomer, now named alloschweinitzin. We have thus demonstrated enzymatic formation of the basidiomycete's metabolite rufoschweinitzin and made the regiochemistry of alloschweinitzin accessible with an ascomycete-derived enzyme.	1
Title: Shimalactone Biosynthesis Involves Spontaneous Double Bicyclo-Ring Formation with 8π-6π Electrocyclization Abstract: Shimalactones A and B are neuritogenic polyketides possessing characteristic oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane and bicyclo[4.2.0]octadiene ring systems that are produced by the marine fungus Emericella variecolor GF10. We identified a candidate biosynthetic gene cluster and conducted heterologous expression analysis. Expression of ShmA polyketide synthase in Aspergillus oryzae resulted in the production of preshimalactone. Aspergillus oryzae and Saccharomyces cerevisiae transformants expressing ShmA and ShmB produced shimalactones A and B, thus suggesting that the double bicyclo-ring formation reactions proceed non-enzymatically from preshimalactone epoxide. DFT calculations strongly support the idea that oxabicyclo-ring formation and 8π-6π electrocyclization proceed spontaneously after opening of the preshimalactone epoxide ring through protonation. We confirmed the formation of preshimalactone epoxide in vitro, followed by its non-enzymatic conversion to shimalactones in the dark.	1
Title: Genome mining and biosynthesis of the Acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor beauveriolide I and III in Cordyceps militaris Abstract: Ascomycete fungi Cordyceps are widely used in traditional Chinese medicine, and numerous investigations have been carried out to uncover their biological activities. However, primary researches on the physiological effects of Cordyceps were committed using crude extracts. At present, there are only a few compounds which were comprehensively characterized from Cordyceps, partial owing to the low production. In order to scientifically take advantage of Cordyceps, we used the strategy of genome mining to discover bioactive compounds from Cordyceps militaris. We found the putative biosynthetic gene cluster of the acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor beauveriolides in the genome of C. militaris, and produced the compounds by heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans. Production of beauveriolide I and III also was detected in both ferment mycelia and fruiting bodies of C. militaris. The possible biosynthetic pathway was proposed. Our studies unveil the active compounds of C. militaris against atherosclerosis and Alzheimer's disease and provide the enzyme resources for the biosynthesis of new cyclodepsipeptide molecules.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of oxygenated brasilane terpene glycosides involves a promiscuous N-acetylglucosamine transferase Abstract: Investigation of the metabolome of the ascomycete Annulohypoxylon truncatum led to the identification of novel oxygenated brasilane glycosides and the revision of the stereochemistry of the brasilane A octahydro-1H-indene core scaffold to trans. The bra biosynthetic gene cluster containing five genes (braA-braE) was identified and verified by heterologous expression experiments in Aspergillus oryzae demonstrating that BraC is a multifunctional P450 monooxygenase. In vitro studies of BraB revealed it to be a very rare fungal UDP-GlcNAc dependent N-acetylglucosamine transferase. UDP-glucose is also accepted as a donor, and a broad acceptor substrate tolerance for various primary and secondary alcohols was observed.	1
Title: Biosynthetic gene cluster identification and biological activity of lucilactaene from Fusarium sp. RK97-94 Abstract: We identified the biosynthetic gene cluster for lucilactaene, a cell cycle inhibitor from a filamentous fungus Fusarium sp. RK 97-94. The luc1 knockout strain accumulated demethylated analogs, indicating the involvement of Luc1 methyltransferase in lucilactaene biosynthesis. Lucilactaene showed potent antimalarial activity. Our data suggested that methylation and ether ring formation are essential for its potent antimalarial activity.	1
Title: The sporothriolides. A new biosynthetic family of fungal secondary metabolites Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the antifungal metabolite sporothriolide 1 was identified from three producing ascomycetes: Hypomontagnella monticulosa MUCL 54604, H. spongiphila CLL 205 and H. submonticulosa DAOMC 242471. A transformation protocol was established, and genes encoding a fatty acid synthase subunit and a citrate synthase were simultaneously knocked out which led to loss of sporothriolide and sporochartine production. In vitro reactions showed that the sporochartines are derived from non-enzymatic Diels-Alder cycloaddition of 1 and trienylfuranol A 7 during the fermentation and extraction process. Heterologous expression of the spo genes in Aspergillus oryzae then led to the production of intermediates and shunts and delineation of a new fungal biosynthetic pathway originating in fatty acid biosynthesis. Finally, a hydrolase was revealed by in vitro studies likely contributing towards self-resistance of the producer organism.	1
Title: Hancockiamides: phenylpropanoid piperazines from Aspergillus hancockii are biosynthesised by a versatile dual single-module NRPS pathway Abstract: The hancockiamides are an unusual new family of N-cinnamoylated piperazines from the Australian soil fungus Aspergillus hancockii. Genomic analyses of A. hancockii identified a biosynthetic gene cluster (hkm) of 12 genes, including two single-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) genes. Heterologous expression of the hkm cluster in A. nidulans confirmed its role in the biosynthesis of the hancockiamides. We further demonstrated that a novel cytochrome P450, Hkm5, catalyses the methylenedioxy bridge formation, and that the PAL gene hkm12 is dispensable, but contributes to increased production of the cinnamoylated hancockiamides. In vitro enzymatic assays and substrate feeding studies demonstrated that NRPS Hkm11 activates and transfers trans-cinnamate to the piperazine scaffold and has flexibility to accept bioisosteric thienyl and furyl analogues. This is the first reported cinnamate-activating fungal NRPS. Expression of a truncated cluster lacking the acetyltransferase gene led to seven additional congeners, including an unexpected family of 2,5-dibenzylpiperazines. These pleiotropic effects highlight the plasticity of the pathway and the power of this approach for accessing novel natural product scaffolds.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Fungal Drimane-Type Sesquiterpene Esters Abstract: Drimane-type sesquiterpenes exhibit various biological activities and are widely present in eukaryotes. Here, we completely elucidated the biosynthetic pathway of the drimane-type sesquiterpene esters isolated from Aspergillus calidoustus and we discovered that it involves a drimenol cyclase having the same catalytic function previously only reported in plants. Moreover, since many fungal drimenol derivatives possess a γ-butyrolactone ring, we clarified the functions of the cluster-associated cytochrome P450 and FAD-binding oxidoreductase discovering that these two enzymes are solely responsible for the formation of those structures. Furthermore, swapping of the enoyl reductase domain in the identified polyketide synthase led to the production of metabolites containing various polyketide chains with different levels of saturation. These findings have deepened our understanding of how fungi synthesize drimane-type sesquiterpenes and the corresponding esters.	1
Title: Collaborative Biosynthesis of a Class of Bioactive Azaphilones by Two Separate Gene Clusters Containing Four PKS/NRPSs with Transcriptional Crosstalk in Fungi Abstract: Azaphilones are a family of fungal polyketide metabolites with diverse chemical structures and biological activities with a highly oxygenated pyranoquinone bicyclic core. Here, a class of azaphilones possessing a 6/6/6/6 tetracyclic ring system was identified in Aspergillus terreus, and exhibited potential anticancer activities. The gene deletions and biochemical investigations demonstrated that these azaphilones were collaboratively synthesized by two separate clusters containing four core-enzymes, two nonreducing PKSs, one highly reducing PKS, and one NRPS-like. More interestingly, we found that the biosynthesis is coordinately regulated by a crosstalk mechanism between these two gene clusters based on three transcriptional factors. This is a meaningful mechanism of fungal secondary metabolism, which allows fungi to synthesize more complex compounds and gain new physiological functions. The results provide a new insight into fungal natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Concise Biosynthesis of Phenylfuropyridones in Fungi Abstract: Phenylfuropyridone natural products from fungi exhibit a range of antibacterial and cytotoxicity activities, and can potentiate azole antifungal compounds. We elucidated the biosynthetic pathway of compounds in the citridone family through heterologous reconstitution of the pfp pathway. We demonstrate that multiple members of this family can be accessed from a reactive ortho-quinone methide (o-QM) intermediate through electrocyclization, cycloisomerization, or conjugate addition. Formation of the quaternary carbon center in citridone B is catalyzed by an epoxide-forming P450 enzyme, followed by carbon skeletal rearrangement. Our results showcase how nature harvests the reactivities of an o-QM intermediate to biosynthesize complex natural products.	1
Title: Unveiling of Swainsonine Biosynthesis via a Multibranched Pathway in Fungi Abstract: The indolizidine alkaloid swainsonine (SW) is a deadly mycotoxin to livestock that can be produced by different plant-associated fungi, including the endophytic entomopathogenic fungi Metarhizium species. The SW biosynthetic gene cluster has been identified but the genetic mechanism of SW biosynthesis remains obscure. To unveil the SW biosynthetic pathway, we performed gene deletions in M. robertsii, heterologous expression of a core biosynthetic gene, substrate feedings, mass spectrometry, and bioassay analyses in this study. It was unveiled that SW is produced via a multibranched pathway by the hybrid nonribosomal peptide-polyketide synthase (NRPS-PKS) gene cluster in M. robertsii. The precursor pipecolic acid can be converted from lysine by both the SW biosynthetic cluster and the unclustered genes such as lysine cyclodeaminase. The hybrid NRPS-PKS enzyme produces three intermediates with and without domain skipping. Intriguingly, the biosynthetic process is coupled with the cis to trans nonenzymatic epimerization of C1-OH for both hydroxyl- and dihydroxyl-indolizidine intermediates. We also found that SW production was dispensable for fungal colonization of plants and infection of insect hosts. Functional characterization of the SW biosynthetic genes in this study may benefit the safe use of Metarhizium fungi as insect biocontrol agents and the management of livestock pastures from SW contamination by genetic manipulation of the toxin-producing fungi.	1
Title: Application of an efficient gene targeting system linking secondary metabolites to their biosynthetic genes in Aspergillus terreus Abstract: Nonribosomal peptides (NRPs) are natural products biosynthesized by NRP synthetases. A kusA-, pyrG- mutant strain of Aspergillus terreus NIH 2624 was developed that greatly facilitated the gene targeting efficiency in this organism. Application of this tool allowed us to link four major types of NRP-related secondary metabolites to their responsible genes in A. terreus. In addition, an NRP affecting melanin synthesis was also identified in this species.	1
Title: Structure-guided function discovery of an NRPS-like glycine betaine reductase for choline biosynthesis in fungi Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and NRPS-like enzymes have diverse functions in primary and secondary metabolisms. By using a structure-guided approach, we uncovered the function of a NRPS-like enzyme with unusual domain architecture, catalyzing two sequential two-electron reductions of glycine betaine to choline. Structural analysis based on the homology model suggests cation-π interactions as the major substrate specificity determinant, which was verified using substrate analogs and inhibitors. Bioinformatic analysis indicates this NRPS-like glycine betaine reductase is highly conserved and widespread in kingdom fungi. Genetic knockout experiments confirmed its role in choline biosynthesis and maintaining glycine betaine homeostasis in fungi. Our findings demonstrate that the oxidative choline-glycine betaine degradation pathway can operate in a fully reversible fashion and provide insight in understanding fungal choline metabolism. The use of an NRPS-like enzyme for reductive choline formation is energetically efficient compared with known pathways. Our discovery also underscores the capabilities of the structure-guided approach in assigning functions of uncharacterized multidomain proteins, which can potentially aid functional discovery of new enzymes by genome mining.	1
Title: Characterization of the Suillus grevillei quinone synthetase GreA supports a nonribosomal code for aromatic α-keto acids Abstract: The gene greA was cloned from the genome of the basidiomycete Suillus grevillei. It encodes a monomodular natural product biosynthesis protein composed of three domains for adenylation, thiolation, and thioesterase and, hence, is reminiscent of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS). GreA was biochemically characterized in vitro. It was identified as atromentin synthetase and therefore represents one of only a limited number of biochemically characterized NRPS-like enzymes which accept an aromatic α-keto acid. Specificity-conferring amino acid residues--collectively referred to as the nonribosomal code--were predicted for the primary sequence of the GreA adenylation domain and were an unprecedented combination for aromatic α-keto acids. Plausible support for this new code came from in silico simulation of the adenylation domain structure. According to the model, the predicted residues line the active site and, therefore, very likely contribute to substrate specificity.	1
Title: Piperazine ring formation by a single-module NRPS and cleavage by an α-KG-dependent nonheme iron dioxygenase in brasiliamide biosynthesis Abstract: Brasiliamides are a class of piperazine-containing alkaloids produced by Penicillium brasilianum with a range of pharmaceutical activities. The mechanism of brasiliamide biosynthesis, including piperazine ring formation and multiple tailoring modifications, still remains unclear. In this study, the biosynthetic gene cluster of brasiliamides, brs, was identified from the marine-derived fungal strain Penicillium brasilianum WZXY-M122-9. Deletion of a histone deacetylase-encoding gene using a CRISPR/Cas9 gene editing system led to the production of a new compound, namely brasiliamide I (1). The brs-encoded single-module nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) BrsA is involved in the formation of the piperazine skeleton of brasiliamides. Full-length BrsA protein (113.6 kDa) was purified, and reconstitution of enzymatic activity in vitro confirmed that BrsA stereoselectively accepts L-phenylalanine as the substrate. Multiple deletion of tailoring genes and analysis of purified proteins in vitro enabled us to propose a brasiliamide biosynthetic pathway. In the tailoring steps, an α-ketoglutarate (KG)-dependent nonheme iron dioxygenase, BrsJ, was identified to catalyze piperazine ring cleavage during biosynthesis of brasiliamide A (2). KEY POINTS: The gene cluster encoding brasiliamide biosynthesis, brs, is identified. Deletion of a histone deacetylase-encoding gene produces brasiliamide I. BrsA catalyzes brasiliamide piperazine skeleton formation. BrsJ catalyzes piperazine ring cleavage to produce brasiliamide A. Graphical abstract.	1
Title: Identification of the Formycin A Biosynthetic Gene Cluster from Streptomyces kaniharaensis Illustrates the Interplay between Biological Pyrazolopyrimidine Formation and de Novo Purine Biosynthesis Abstract: Formycin A is a potent purine nucleoside antibiotic with a C-glycosidic linkage between the ribosyl moiety and the pyrazolopyrimidine base. Herein, a cosmid is identified from the Streptomyces kaniharaensis genome library that contains the for gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of formycin. Subsequent gene deletion experiments and in vitro characterization of the forBCH gene products established their catalytic functions in formycin biosynthesis. Results also demonstrated that PurH from de novo purine biosynthesis plays a key role in pyrazolopyrimidine formation during biosynthesis of formycin A. The participation of PurH in both pathways represents a good example of how primary and secondary metabolism are interlinked.	1
Title: Direct pathway cloning of the sodorifen biosynthetic gene cluster and recombinant generation of its product in E. coli Abstract: Background:                       Serratia plymuthica WS3236 was selected for whole genome sequencing based on preliminary genetic and chemical screening indicating the presence of multiple natural product pathways. This led to the identification of a putative sodorifen biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC). The natural product sodorifen is a volatile organic compound (VOC) with an unusual polymethylated hydrocarbon bicyclic structure (C16H26) produced by selected strains of S. plymuthica. The BGC encoding sodorifen consists of four genes, two of which (sodA, sodB) are homologs of genes encoding enzymes of the non-mevalonate pathway and are thought to enhance the amounts of available farnesyl pyrophosphate (FPP), the precursor of sodorifen. Proceeding from FPP, only two enzymes are necessary to produce sodorifen: an S-adenosyl methionine dependent methyltransferase (SodC) with additional cyclisation activity and a terpene-cyclase (SodD). Previous analysis of S. plymuthica found sodorifen production titers are generally low and vary significantly among different producer strains. This precludes studies on the still elusive biological function of this structurally and biosynthetically fascinating bacterial terpene.                  Results:                       Sequencing and mining of the S. plymuthica WS3236 genome revealed the presence of 38 BGCs according to antiSMASH analysis, including a putative sodorifen BGC. Further genome mining for sodorifen and sodorifen-like BGCs throughout bacteria was performed using SodC and SodD as queries and identified a total of 28 sod-like gene clusters. Using direct pathway cloning (DiPaC) we intercepted the 4.6 kb candidate sodorifen BGC from S. plymuthica WS3236 (sodA-D) and transformed it into Escherichia coli BL21. Heterologous expression under the control of the tetracycline inducible PtetO promoter firmly linked this BGC to sodorifen production. By utilizing this newly established expression system, we increased the production yields by approximately 26-fold when compared to the native producer. In addition, sodorifen was easily isolated in high purity by simple head-space sampling.                  Conclusions:                       Genome mining of all available genomes within the NCBI and JGI IMG databases led to the identification of a wealth of sod-like pathways which may be responsible for producing a range of structurally unknown sodorifen analogs. Introduction of the S. plymuthica WS3236 sodorifen BGC into the fast-growing heterologous expression host E. coli with a very low VOC background led to a significant increase in both sodorifen product yield and purity compared to the native producer. By providing a reliable, high-level production system, this study sets the stage for future investigations of the biological role and function of sodorifen and for functionally unlocking the bioinformatically identified putative sod-like pathways.	1
Title: Rhodococcus comparative genomics reveals a phylogenomic-dependent non-ribosomal peptide synthetase distribution: insights into biosynthetic gene cluster connection to an orphan metabolite Abstract: Natural products (NPs) are synthesized by biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs), whose genes are involved in producing one or a family of chemically related metabolites. Advances in comparative genomics have been favourable for exploiting huge amounts of data and discovering previously unknown BGCs. Nonetheless, studying distribution patterns of novel BGCs and elucidating the biosynthesis of orphan metabolites remains a challenge. To fill this knowledge gap, our study developed a pipeline for high-quality comparative genomics for the actinomycete genus Rhodococcus, which is metabolically versatile, yet understudied in terms of NPs, leading to a total of 110 genomes, 1891 BGCs and 717 non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs). Phylogenomic inferences showed four major clades retrieved from strains of several ecological habitats. BiG-SCAPE sequence similarity BGC networking revealed 44 unidentified gene cluster families (GCFs) for NRPS, which presented a phylogenomic-dependent evolution pattern, supporting the hypothesis of vertical gene transfer. As a proof of concept, we analysed in-depth one of our marine strains, Rhodococcus sp. H-CA8f, which revealed a unique BGC distribution within its phylogenomic clade, involved in producing a chloramphenicol-related compound. While this BGC is part of the most abundant and widely distributed NRPS GCF, corason analysis unveiled major differences regarding its genetic context, co-occurrence patterns and modularity. This BGC is composed of three sections, two well-conserved right/left arms flanking a very variable middle section, composed of nrps genes. The presence of two non-canonical domains in H-CA8f’s BGC may contribute to adding chemical diversity to this family of NPs. Liquid chromatography-high resolution MS and dereplication efforts retrieved a set of related orphan metabolites, the corynecins, which to our knowledge are reported here for the first time in Rhodococcus. Overall, our data provide insights to connect BGC uniqueness with orphan metabolites, by revealing key comparative genomic features supported by models of BGC distribution along phylogeny.	1
Title: Comparative genome mining and heterologous expression of an orphan NRPS gene cluster direct the production of ashimides Abstract: The ever-increasing bacterial genomic repositories reveal a great number of uncharacterized biosynthetic gene clusters, representing a tremendous resource for natural product discovery. Genome mining of the marine Streptomyces sp. NA03103 indicates the presence of an orphan nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster (asm), to which there are no homologous gene clusters in the public genome databases. Heterologous expression of the asm gene cluster in the S. lividans SBT18 strain led to the discovery of two novel cyclopeptides, ashimides A and B (1 and 2), with 2 showing cytotoxic activity. In addition, we use bioinformatic analysis, gene inactivation and stable isotope labelling experiments, as well as in vitro biochemical assays, to present a coherent and novel assembly line for ashimide biosynthesis, featuring an unusual desaturation, halogenation and cyclization cascade catalyzed by a P450 monooxygenase and a FAD-dependent halogenase.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression of a Cryptic Gene Cluster from Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii C34T Yields a Novel Lasso Peptide, Leepeptin Abstract: Analysis of the genome sequence of Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii C34T identified biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) for three different lasso peptides (Lp1, Lp2, and Lp3) which were not known to be made by the strain. Lasso peptides represent relatively new members of the RiPP (ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides) family of natural products and have not been extensively studied. Lp3, whose production could be detected in culture supernatants from S. leeuwenhoekii C34T and after heterologous expression of its BGC in Streptomyces coelicolor, is identical to the previously characterized chaxapeptin. Lp1, whose production could not be detected or achieved heterologously, appears to be identical to a recently identified member of the citrulassin family of lasso peptides. Since production of Lp2 by S. leeuwenhoekii C34T was not observed, its BGC was also expressed in S. coelicolor The lasso peptide was isolated and its structure confirmed by mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance analyses, revealing a novel structure that appears to represent a new family of lasso peptides.IMPORTANCE Recent developments in genome sequencing combined with bioinformatic analysis have revealed that actinomycetes contain a plethora of unexpected BGCs and thus have the potential to produce many more natural products than previously thought. This reflects the inability to detect the production of these compounds under laboratory conditions, perhaps through the use of inappropriate growth media or the absence of the environmental cues required to elicit expression of the corresponding BGCs. One approach to overcoming this problem is to circumvent the regulatory mechanisms that control expression of the BGC in its natural host by deploying heterologous expression. The generally compact nature of lasso peptide BGCs makes them particularly amenable to this approach, and, in the example given here, analysis revealed a new member of the lasso peptide family of RiPPs. This approach should be readily applicable to other cryptic lasso peptide gene clusters and would also facilitate the design and production of nonnatural variants by changing the sequence encoding the core peptide, as has been achieved with other classes of RiPPs.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Biscognienyne B Involving a Cytochrome P450-Dependent Alkynylation Abstract: The alkyne is a biologically significant moiety found in many natural products and a versatile functional group widely used in modern chemistry. Recent studies have revealed the biosynthesis of acetylenic bonds in fatty acids and amino acids. However, the molecular basis for the alkynyl moiety in acetylenic prenyl chains occurring in a number of meroterpenoids remains obscure. Here, we identify the biosynthetic gene cluster and characterize the biosynthetic pathway of an acetylenic meroterpenoid biscognienyne B based on heterologous expression, feeding experiments, and in vitro assay. This work shows that the alkyne moiety is constructed by an unprecedented cytochrome P450 enzyme BisI, which shows promiscuous activity towards C5 and C15 prenyl chains. This finding provides an opportunity for discovery of new compounds, featuring acetylenic prenyl chains, through genome mining, and it also expands the enzyme inventory for de novo biosynthesis of alkynes.	1
Title: Efomycins K and L From a Termite-Associated Streptomyces sp. M56 and Their Putative Biosynthetic Origin Abstract: Two new elaiophylin derivatives, efomycins K (1) and L (2), and five known elaiophylin derivatives (3-7) were isolated from the termite-associated Streptomyces sp. M56. The structures were determined by 1D and 2D NMR and HR-ESIMS analyses and comparative CD spectroscopy. The putative gene cluster responsible for the production of the elaiophylin and efomycin derivatives was identified based on significant homology to related clusters. Phylogenetic analysis of gene cluster domains was used to provide a biosynthetic rational for these new derivatives and to demonstrate how a single biosynthetic pathway can produce diverse structures.	1
Title: Characterization of the Ohmyungsamycin Biosynthetic Pathway and Generation of Derivatives with Improved Antituberculosis Activity Abstract: The cyclic depsipeptides ohmyungsamycin (OMS) A (1) and B (2), isolated from the marine-derived Streptomyces sp. SNJ042, contain two non-proteinogenic amino acid residues, β-hydroxy-l-phenylalanine (β-hydroxy-l-Phe) and 4-methoxy-l-tryptophan (4-methoxy-l-Trp). Draft genome sequencing of Streptomyces sp. SNJ042 revealed the OMS biosynthetic gene cluster consisting of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene and three genes for amino acid modification. By gene inactivation and analysis of the accumulated products, we found that OhmL, encoding a P450 gene, is an l-Phe β-hydroxylase. Furthermore, OhmK, encoding a Trp 2,3-dioxygenase homolog, and OhmJ, encoding an O-methyltransferase, are suggested to be involved in hydroxylation and O-methylation reactions, respectively, in the biosynthesis of 4-methoxy-l-Trp. In addition, the antiproliferative and antituberculosis activities of the OMS derivatives dehydroxy-OMS A (4) and demethoxy-OMS A (6) obtained from the mutant strains were evaluated in vitro. Interestingly, dehydroxy-OMS A (4) displayed significantly improved antituberculosis activity and decreased cytotoxicity compared to wild-type OMS A.	1
Title: Two-Enzyme Pathway Links l-Arginine to Nitric Oxide in N-Nitroso Biosynthesis Abstract: Nitric oxide (NO) has wide-ranging roles in biology, but less is known about its role in building chemical diversity. Here we report a new route to NO from the biosynthetic pathway to the N-nitroso compound streptozocin. We show that the N-nitroso group of streptozocin comes from the biosynthetic reassembly of l-arginine, with the guanidino nitrogens forming a nitrogen-nitrogen bond. To understand this biosynthetic process, we identify the biosynthetic gene cluster of streptozocin and demonstrate that free l-arginine is N-methylated by StzE to give Nω-monomethyl-l-arginine. We show that this product is then oxidized by StzF, a nonheme iron-dependent enzyme unrelated to known nitric oxide synthases, generating a urea compound and NO. Our work implies that formation and capture of NO is the likely route to N-nitroso formation in vivo. Altogether, our work unveils a new enzyme pair for the production of NO from l-arginine and sets the stage for understanding biosynthetic routes to N-nitroso natural products.	1
Title: Divergent Biosynthesis of C-Nucleoside Minimycin and Indigoidine in Bacteria Abstract: Minimycin (MIN) is a C-nucleoside antibiotic structurally related to pseudouridine, and indigoidine is a naturally occurring blue pigment produced by diverse bacteria. Although MIN and indigoidine have been known for decades, the logic underlying the divergent biosynthesis of these interesting molecules has been obscure. Here, we report the identification of a minimal 5-gene cluster (min) essential for MIN biosynthesis. We demonstrated that a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (MinA) governs "the switch" for the divergent biosynthesis of MIN and the cryptic indigoidine. We also demonstrated that MinCN (the N-terminal phosphatase domain of MinC), MinD (uracil phosphoribosyltransferase), and MinT (transporter) function together as the safeguard enzymes, which collaboratively constitute an unusual self-resistance system. Finally, we provided evidence that MinD, utilizing an unprecedented substrate-competition strategy for self-resistance of the producer cell, maintains competition advantage over the active molecule MIN-5'-monophosphate by increasing the UMP pool in vivo. These findings greatly expand our knowledge regarding natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Nature's Combinatorial Biosynthesis Produces Vatiamides A-F Abstract: Hybrid type I PKS/NRPS biosynthetic pathways typically proceed in a collinear manner wherein one molecular building block is enzymatically incorporated in a sequence that corresponds to gene arrangement. In this work, genome mining combined with the use of a fluorogenic azide-based click probe led to the discovery and characterization of vatiamides A-F, three structurally diverse alkynylated lipopeptides, and their brominated analogues, from the cyanobacterium Moorea producens ASI16Jul14-2. These derive from a unique combinatorial non-collinear PKS/NRPS system encoded by a 90 kb gene cluster in which an upstream PKS cassette interacts with three separate cognate NRPS partners. This is facilitated by a series of promiscuous intermodule PKS-NRPS docking motifs possessing identical amino acid sequences. This interaction confers a new type of combinatorial capacity for creating molecular diversity in microbial systems.	1
Title: The Biosynthesis of Rare Homo-Amino Acid Containing Variants of Microcystin by a Benthic Cyanobacterium Abstract: Microcystins are a family of chemically diverse hepatotoxins produced by distantly related cyanobacteria and are potent inhibitors of eukaryotic protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. Here we provide evidence for the biosynthesis of rare variants of microcystin that contain a selection of homo-amino acids by the benthic strain Phormidium sp. LP904c. This strain produces at least 16 microcystin chemical variants many of which contain homophenylalanine or homotyrosine. We retrieved the complete 54.2 kb microcystin (mcy) gene cluster from a draft genome assembly. Analysis of the substrate specificity of McyB1 and McyC adenylation domain binding pockets revealed divergent substrate specificity sequences, which could explain the activation of homo-amino acids which were present in 31% of the microcystins detected and included variants such as MC-LHty, MC-HphHty, MC-LHph and MC-HphHph. The mcy gene cluster did not encode enzymes for the synthesis of homo-amino acids but may instead activate homo-amino acids produced during the synthesis of anabaenopeptins. We observed the loss of microcystin during cultivation of a closely related strain, Phormidium sp. DVL1003c. This study increases the knowledge of benthic cyanobacterial strains that produce microcystin variants and broadens the structural diversity of known microcystins.	1
Title: Discovery and characterization of a novel C-terminal peptide carboxyl methyltransferase in a lassomycin-like lasso peptide biosynthetic pathway Abstract: Lasso peptides belong to a peculiar family of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs)-natural products with an unusual isopeptide-bonded slipknot structure. Except for assembling of this unusual lasso fold, several further post-translational modifications of lasso peptides, including C-terminal methylation, phosphorylation/poly-phosphorylation, citrullination, and acetylation, have been reported recently. However, most of their biosynthetic logic have not been elucidated except the phosphorylated paeninodin lasso peptide. Herein, we identified two novel lassomycin-like lasso peptide biosynthetic pathways and, for the first time, characterized a novel C-terminal peptide carboxyl methyltransferase involved in these pathways. Our investigations revealed that this new family of methyltransferase could specifically methylate the C terminus of precursor peptide substrates, eventually leading to lassomycin-like C-terminal methylated lasso peptides. Our studies offer another rare insight into the extraordinary strategies of chemical diversification adopted by lasso peptide biosynthetic machinery and predicated two valuable sources for methylated lasso peptide discovery.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of albomycin δ(2) provides a template for assembling siderophore and aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase inhibitor conjugates Abstract: "Trojan horse" antibiotic albomycins are peptidyl nucleosides consisting of a highly modified 4'-thiofuranosyl cytosine moiety and a ferrichrome siderophore that are linked by a peptide bond via a serine residue. While the latter component serves to sequester iron from the environment, the seryl nucleoside portion is a potent inhibitor of bacterial seryl-tRNA synthetases, resulting in broad-spectrum antimicrobial activities of albomycin δ(2). The isolation of albomycins has revealed this biological activity is optimized only following two unusual cytosine modifications, N4-carbamoylation and N3-methylation. We identified a genetic locus (named abm) for albomycin production in Streptomyces sp. ATCC 700974. Gene deletion and complementation experiments along with bioinformatic analysis suggested 18 genes are responsible for albomycin biosynthesis and resistance, allowing us to propose a potential biosynthetic pathway for installing the novel chemical features. The gene abmI, encoding a putative methyltransferase, was functionally assigned in vitro and shown to modify the N3 of a variety of cytosine-containing nucleosides and antibiotics such as blasticidin S. Furthermore, a ΔabmI mutant was shown to produce the descarbamoyl-desmethyl albomycin analogue, supporting that the N3-methylation occurs before the N4-carbamoylation in the biosynthesis of albomycin δ(2). The combined genetic information was utilized to identify an abm-related locus (named ctj) from the draft genome of Streptomyces sp. C. Cross-complementation experiments and in vitro studies with CtjF, the AbmI homologue, suggest the production of a similar 4'-thiofuranosyl cytosine in this organism. In total, the genetic and biochemical data provide a biosynthetic template for assembling siderophore-inhibitor conjugates and modifying the albomycin scaffold to generate new derivatives.	1
Title: Biosynthetic Origin of the Atypical Stereochemistry in the Thioheptose Core of Albomycin Nucleoside Antibiotics Abstract: Albomycins are peptidyl thionucleoside natural products that display antimicrobial activity against clinically important pathogens. Their structures are characterized by a thioheptose with atypical stereochemistry including a d-xylofuranose ring modified with a d-amino acid moiety. Herein it is demonstrated that AbmH is a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent transaldolase that catalyzes a threo-selective aldol-type reaction to generate the thioheptose core with a d-ribofuranose ring and an l-amino acid moiety. The conversion of l-to d-amino acid configuration is catalyzed by the PLP-dependent epimerase AbmD. The d- ribo to d- xylo conversion of the thiofuranose ring appears according to gene deletion experiments to be mediated by AbmJ, which is annotated as a radical S-adenosyl-l-methionine (SAM) enzyme. These studies establish several key steps in the assembly of the thioheptose core during the biosynthesis of albomycins.	1
Title: Enantioselective Phenol Coupling by Laccases in the Biosynthesis of Fungal Dimeric Naphthopyrones Abstract: Biaryl compounds are ubiquitous metabolites that are often formed by dimerization through oxidative phenol coupling. Hindered rotation around the biaryl bond can cause axial chirality. In nature, dimerizations are catalyzed by oxidative enzymes such as laccases. This class of enzymes is known for non-specific oxidase reactions while inherent enantioselectivity is hitherto unknown. Here, we describe four related fungal laccases that catalyze γ-naphthopyrone dimerization in a regio- and atropselective manner. In vitro assays revealed that three enzymes were highly P-selective (ee >95 %), while one enzyme showed remarkable flexibility. Its selectivity for M- or P-configured dimers varied depending on the reaction conditions. For example, a lower enzyme concentration yielded primarily (P)-ustilaginoidin A, whereas the M atropisomer was favored at higher concentration. These results demonstrate inherent enantioselectivity in an enzyme class that was previously thought to comprise only non-selective oxidases.	1
Title: Ruminococcus gnavus, a member of the human gut microbiome associated with Crohn's disease, produces an inflammatory polysaccharide Abstract: A substantial and increasing number of human diseases are associated with changes in the gut microbiota, and discovering the molecules and mechanisms underlying these associations represents a major research goal. Multiple studies associate Ruminococcus gnavus, a prevalent gut microbe, with Crohn's disease, a major type of inflammatory bowel disease. We have found that R. gnavus synthesizes and secretes a complex glucorhamnan polysaccharide with a rhamnose backbone and glucose sidechains. Chemical and spectroscopic studies indicated that the glucorhamnan was largely a repeating unit of five sugars with a linear backbone formed from three rhamnose units and a short sidechain composed of two glucose units. The rhamnose backbone is made from 1,2- and 1,3-linked rhamnose units, and the sidechain has a terminal glucose linked to a 1,6-glucose. This glucorhamnan potently induces inflammatory cytokine (TNFα) secretion by dendritic cells, and TNFα secretion is dependent on toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). We also identify a putative biosynthetic gene cluster for this molecule, which has the four biosynthetic genes needed to convert glucose to rhamnose and the five glycosyl transferases needed to build the repeating pentasaccharide unit of the inflammatory glucorhamnan.	1
Title: Expansion of RiPP biosynthetic space through integration of pan-genomics and machine learning uncovers a novel class of lanthipeptides Abstract: Microbial natural products constitute a wide variety of chemical compounds, many which can have antibiotic, antiviral, or anticancer properties that make them interesting for clinical purposes. Natural product classes include polyketides (PKs), nonribosomal peptides (NRPs), and ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). While variants of biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) for known classes of natural products are easy to identify in genome sequences, BGCs for new compound classes escape attention. In particular, evidence is accumulating that for RiPPs, subclasses known thus far may only represent the tip of an iceberg. Here, we present decRiPPter (Data-driven Exploratory Class-independent RiPP TrackER), a RiPP genome mining algorithm aimed at the discovery of novel RiPP classes. DecRiPPter combines a Support Vector Machine (SVM) that identifies candidate RiPP precursors with pan-genomic analyses to identify which of these are encoded within operon-like structures that are part of the accessory genome of a genus. Subsequently, it prioritizes such regions based on the presence of new enzymology and based on patterns of gene cluster and precursor peptide conservation across species. We then applied decRiPPter to mine 1,295 Streptomyces genomes, which led to the identification of 42 new candidate RiPP families that could not be found by existing programs. One of these was studied further and elucidated as a representative of a novel subfamily of lanthipeptides, which we designate class V. The 2D structure of the new RiPP, which we name pristinin A3 (1), was solved using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) data, and chemical labeling. Two previously unidentified modifying enzymes are proposed to create the hallmark lanthionine bridges. Taken together, our work highlights how novel natural product families can be discovered by methods going beyond sequence similarity searches to integrate multiple pathway discovery criteria.	1
Title: Genome-Mined Diels-Alderase Catalyzes Formation of the cis-Octahydrodecalins of Varicidin A and B Abstract: Pericyclases are an emerging family of enzymes catalyzing pericyclic reactions. A class of lipocalin-like enzymes recently characterized as Diels-Alderases (DAses) catalyze decalin formation through intramolecular Diels-Alder (IMDA) reactions between electron-rich dienes and electron-deficient dienophiles. Using this class of enzyme as a beacon for genome mining, we discovered a biosynthetic gene cluster from Penicillium variabile and identified that it encodes for the biosynthesis of varicidin A (1), a new antifungal natural product containing a cis-octahydrodecalin core. Biochemical analysis reveals a carboxylative deactivation strategy used in varicidin biosynthesis to suppress the nonenzymatic IMDA reaction of an early acyclic intermediate that favors trans-decalin formation. A P450 oxidizes the reactive intermediate to yield a relatively unreactive combination of an electron-deficient diene and an electron-deficient dienophile. The DAse PvhB catalyzes the final stage IMDA on the carboxylated intermediate to form the cis-decalin that is important for the antifungal activity.	1
Title: Draft genome sequence of the Paenibacillus polymyxa type strain (ATCC 842T), a plant growth-promoting bacterium Abstract: Paenibacillus polymyxa is an endospore-forming Gram-positive soil bacterium that is well-known for its ability to promote plant growth. Here we report the draft genome sequence of P. polymyxa ATCC 842(T), the type strain of the species P. polymyxa, and the family Paenibacillaceae. The P. polymyxa genome contains a repertoire of biosynthetic genes for antibiotics and hydrolytic enzymes that account for its beneficial effects in the rhizosphere to the host plants it associates with.	1
Title: Identification and Heterologous Expression of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Encoding the Lasso Peptide Humidimycin, a Caspofungin Activity Potentiator Abstract: Humidimycin (MDN-0010) is a ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) belonging to class I lasso peptides, and is structurally related to siamycins, which have been shown to have strong antimicrobial activities against Gram-positive bacteria and to possess anti-HIV activity. Humidimycin was isolated from the strain Streptomyces humidus CA-100629, and was shown to synergize the activity of the fungal cell wall inhibitor caspofungin. In this work, the biosynthetic gene cluster of humidimycin was identified by genome mining of S. humidus CA-100629, cloned by Gibson assembly, and heterologously expressed.	1
Title: Camporidines A and B: Antimetastatic and Anti-inflammatory Polyketide Alkaloids from a Gut Bacterium of Camponotus kiusiuensis Abstract: Chemical studies of gut bacteria of the carpenter ant Camponotus kiusiuensis led to the discovery of two new alkaloids, camporidines A and B (1 and 2), from Streptomyces sp. STA1. The structures of 1 and 2 were established as new polyketide alkaloids bearing a piperidine-cyclopentene-epoxide 6/5/3 tricyclic system based on NMR spectroscopic and mass spectrometric analysis. The relative configurations of the camporidines were determined by their 1H-1H NOESY/ROESY and 1D NOE NMR correlations. The experimental ECD spectra of 1 and 2 were compared with their calculated ECD spectra to assign their absolute configurations. Camporidine A (1) displayed antimetastatic activity by suppression of cell invasion against the metastatic breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 and showed an anti-inflammatory effect by suppressing nitric oxide production induced by lipopolysaccharide. In addition, the putative biosynthetic gene cluster of the camporidines was identified, and the biosynthetic pathway of the camporidines was proposed based on bioinformatic analysis of the full genome of Streptomyces sp. STA1. Camporidines A and B (1 and 2) could be biosynthesized by a modular type I PKS containing an acyl transferase domain that accepts an unusual extender unit, which becomes the (C1'-C6') hexyl side chain. The post-PKS modification enzymes were predicted to perform an amination and an oxidation along with spontaneous Schiff base formation and generate the unique piperidine-cyclopentene-epoxide 6/5/3 tricyclic framework.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of Streptomyces cattleya NRRL 8057, a producer of antibiotics and fluorometabolites Abstract: Streptomyces cattleya, a producer of the antibiotics thienamycin and cephamycin C, is one of the rare bacteria known to synthesize fluorinated metabolites. The genome consists of two linear replicons. The genes involved in fluorine metabolism and in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic thienamycin were mapped on both replicons.	1
Title: A Cutibacterium acnes antibiotic modulates human skin microbiota composition in hair follicles Abstract: The composition of the skin microbiota varies widely among individuals when sampled at the same body site. A key question is which molecular factors determine strain-level variability within sub-ecosystems of the skin microbiota. Here, we used a genomics-guided approach to identify an antibacterial biosynthetic gene cluster in Cutibacterium acnes (formerly Propionibacterium acnes), a human skin commensal bacterium that is widely distributed across individuals and skin sites. Experimental characterization of this biosynthetic gene cluster resulted in identification of a new thiopeptide antibiotic, cutimycin. Analysis of individual human skin hair follicles revealed that cutimycin contributed to the ecology of the skin hair follicle microbiota and helped to reduce colonization of skin hair follicles by Staphylococcus species.	1
Title: Discovery of Ubonodin, an Antimicrobial Lasso Peptide Active against Members of the Burkholderia cepacia Complex Abstract: We report the heterologous expression, structure, and antimicrobial activity of a lasso peptide, ubonodin, encoded in the genome of Burkholderia ubonensis. The topology of ubonodin is unprecedented amongst lasso peptides, with 18 of its 28 amino acids found in the mechanically bonded loop segment. Ubonodin inhibits RNA polymerase in vitro and has potent antimicrobial activity against several pathogenic members of the Burkholderia genus, most notably B. cepacia and B. multivorans, causative agents of lung infections in cystic fibrosis patients.	1
Title: An N-nitrosating metalloenzyme constructs the pharmacophore of streptozotocin Abstract: Small molecules containing the N-nitroso group, such as the bacterial natural product streptozotocin, are prominent carcinogens1,2 and important cancer chemotherapeutics3,4. Despite the considerable importance of this functional group to human health, enzymes dedicated to the assembly of the N-nitroso unit have not been identified. Here we show that SznF, a metalloenzyme from the biosynthesis of streptozotocin, catalyses an oxidative rearrangement of the guanidine group of Nω-methyl-L-arginine to generate an N-nitrosourea product. Structural characterization and mutagenesis of SznF reveal two separate active sites that promote distinct steps in this transformation using different iron-containing metallocofactors. This biosynthetic reaction, which has little precedent in enzymology or organic synthesis, expands the catalytic capabilities of non-haem-iron-dependent enzymes to include N-N bond formation. We find that biosynthetic gene clusters that encode SznF homologues are widely distributed among bacteria-including environmental organisms, plant symbionts and human pathogens-which suggests an unexpectedly diverse and uncharacterized microbial reservoir of bioactive N-nitroso metabolites.	1
Title: Evolution-guided discovery of antibiotics that inhibit peptidoglycan remodelling Abstract: Addressing the ongoing antibiotic crisis requires the discovery of compounds with novel mechanisms of action that are capable of treating drug-resistant infections1. Many antibiotics are sourced from specialized metabolites produced by bacteria, particularly those of the Actinomycetes family2. Although actinomycete extracts have traditionally been screened using activity-based platforms, this approach has become unfavourable owing to the frequent rediscovery of known compounds. Genome sequencing of actinomycetes reveals an untapped reservoir of biosynthetic gene clusters, but prioritization is required to predict which gene clusters may yield promising new chemical matter2. Here we make use of the phylogeny of biosynthetic genes along with the lack of known resistance determinants to predict divergent members of the glycopeptide family of antibiotics that are likely to possess new biological activities. Using these predictions, we uncovered two members of a new functional class of glycopeptide antibiotics-the known glycopeptide antibiotic complestatin and a newly discovered compound we call corbomycin-that have a novel mode of action. We show that by binding to peptidoglycan, complestatin and corbomycin block the action of autolysins-essential peptidoglycan hydrolases that are required for remodelling of the cell wall during growth. Corbomycin and complestatin have low levels of resistance development and are effective in reducing bacterial burden in a mouse model of skin MRSA infection.	1
Title: Accramycin A, a New Aromatic Polyketide, from the Soil Bacterium, Streptomyces sp. MA37 Abstract: Drug-like molecules are known to contain many different building blocks with great potential as pharmacophores for drug discovery. The continued search for unique scaffolds in our laboratory led to the isolation of a novel Ghanaian soil bacterium, Streptomyces sp. MA37. This strain produces many bioactive molecules, most of which belong to carbazoles, pyrrolizidines, and fluorinated metabolites. Further probing of the metabolites of MA37 has led to the discovery of a new naphthacene-type aromatic natural product, which we have named accramycin A 1. This molecule was isolated using an HPLC-photodiode array (PDA) guided isolation process and MS/MS molecular networking. The structure of 1 was characterized by detailed analysis of LC-MS, UV, 1D, and 2D NMR data. Preliminary studies on the antibacterial properties of 1 using Group B Streptococcus (GBS) produced a minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of 27 µg/mL. This represents the first report of such bioactivity amongst the naphthacene-type aromatic polyketides, and also suggests the possibility for the further development of potent molecules against GBS based on the accramycin scaffold. A putative acc biosynthetic pathway for accramycin, featuring a tridecaketide-specific type II polyketide synthase, was proposed.	1
Title: Cebulantin, a Cryptic Lanthipeptide Antibiotic Uncovered Using Bioactivity-Coupled HiTES Abstract: The majority of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters in bacteria are silent under standard laboratory growth conditions, making it challenging to uncover any antibiotics that they may encode. Herein, bioactivity assays are combined with high-throughput elicitor screening (HiTES) to access cryptic, bioactive metabolites. Application of this strategy in Saccharopolyspora cebuensis, with inhibition of Escherichia coli growth as a read-out, led to the identification of a novel lanthipeptide, cebulantin. Extensive NMR spectroscopic analysis allowed the elucidation of the structure of cebulantin. Subsequent bioactivity assays revealed it to be an antibiotic selective for Gram-negative bacteria, especially against Vibrio species. This approach, referred to as bioactivity-HiTES, has the potential to uncover cryptic metabolites with desired biological activities that are hidden in microbial genomes.	1
Title: Pantocin A, a peptide-derived antibiotic involved in biological control by plant-associated Pantoea species Abstract: The genus Pantoea contains a broad range of plant-associated bacteria, including some economically important plant pathogens as well as some beneficial members effective as biological control agents of plant pathogens. The most well-characterized representatives of biological control agents from this genus generally produce one or more antimicrobial compounds adding to biocontrol efficacy. Some Pantoea species evaluated as biocontrol agents for fire blight disease of apple and pear produce a histidine-reversible antibiotic. Three commonly studied histidine-reversible antibiotics produced by Pantoea spp. are herbicolin O, MccEh252, and pantocin A. Pantocin A is a novel ribosomally encoded and post-translationally modified peptide natural product. Here, we review the current knowledge on the chemistry, genetics, biosynthesis, and incidence and environmental relevance of pantocin A and related histidine-reversible antibiotics produced by Pantoea.	1
Title: Salinipeptins: Integrated Genomic and Chemical Approaches Reveal Unusual d-Amino Acid-Containing Ribosomally Synthesized and Post-Translationally Modified Peptides (RiPPs) from a Great Salt Lake Streptomyces sp Abstract: Analysis of the full genome of an environmentally unique, halotolerant Streptomyces sp. strain GSL-6C, isolated from the Great Salt Lake, revealed a gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the salinipeptins, d-amino-acid-containing members of the rare linaridin subfamily of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). The sequence organization of the unmodified amino acid residues in salinipeptins A-D (1-4) were suggested by genome annotation, and subsequently, their sequence and post-translational modifications were defined using a range of spectroscopic techniques and chemical derivatization approaches. The salinipeptins are unprecedented linaridins bearing nine d-amino acids, which are uncommon in RiPP natural products and are the first reported in the linaridin subfamily. Whole genome mining of GSL-6C did not reveal any homologues of the reported genes responsible for amino acid epimerization in RiPPs, inferring new epimerases may be involved in the conversion of l- to d-amino acids. In addition, the N-oxide and dimethylimidazolidin-4-one moieties in salinipeptins B and C, which are modified from N, N-dimethylalanine, are unknown in bacterial peptides. The three-dimensional structure of salinipeptin A, possessing four loops generated by significant hydrogen bonding, was established on the basis of observed nuclear Overhauser effect (NOE) correlations. This study demonstrates that integration of genomic information early in chemical analysis significantly facilitates the discovery and structure characterization of novel microbial secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Biosynthetic study of conidiation-inducing factor conidiogenone: heterologous production and cyclization mechanism of a key bifunctional diterpene synthase Abstract: Conidiogenone, a diterpene with a unique structure, is known to induce the conidiation of Penicillium cyclopium. The biosynthetic pathway of (-)-conidiogenone has been fully elucidated by the heterologous expression of biosynthetic genes in Aspergillus oryzae and by in vitro enzyme assay with 13C-labeled substrates. After construction of deoxyconidiogenol by the action of bifunctional terpene synthase, one cytochrome P450 catalyzes two rounds of oxidation to furnish conidiogenone. Notably, similar biosynthetic genes are conserved among more than 10 Penicillium sp., suggesting that conidiogenone is a common conidiation inducer in this genus. The cyclization mechanism catalyzed by terpene synthase, which involves successive 1,2-alkyl shifts, was fully elucidated using 13C-labeled geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate (GGPP) as substrate. During the structural analysis of deoxyconidiogenol, we observed broadening of some of the 13C signals measured at room temperature, which has not been observed with other structurally related compounds. Careful examination using techniques including 13C NMR studies at -80 °C, conformational analysis and prediction of the 13C chemical shifts using density functional theory gave insights into this intriguing phenomenon.	1
Title: Snf2 controls pulcherriminic acid biosynthesis and antifungal activity of the biocontrol yeast Metschnikowia pulcherrima Abstract: Metschnikowia pulcherrima synthesises the pigment pulcherrimin, from cyclodileucine (cyclo(Leu-Leu)) as a precursor, and exhibits strong antifungal activity against notorious plant pathogenic fungi. This yeast therefore has great potential for biocontrol applications against fungal diseases; particularly in the phyllosphere where this species is frequently found. To elucidate the molecular basis of the antifungal activity of M. pulcherrima, we compared a wild-type strain with a spontaneously occurring, pigmentless, weakly antagonistic mutant derivative. Whole genome sequencing of the wild-type and mutant strains identified a point mutation that creates a premature stop codon in the transcriptional regulator gene SNF2 in the mutant. Complementation of the mutant strain with the wild-type SNF2 gene restored pigmentation and recovered the strong antifungal activity. Mass spectrometry (UPLC HR HESI-MS) proved the presence of the pulcherrimin precursors cyclo(Leu-Leu) and pulcherriminic acid and identified new precursor and degradation products of pulcherriminic acid and/or pulcherrimin. All of these compounds were identified in the wild-type and complemented strain, but were undetectable in the pigmentless snf2 mutant strain. These results thus identify Snf2 as a regulator of antifungal activity and pulcherriminic acid biosynthesis in M. pulcherrima and provide a starting point for deciphering the molecular functions underlying the antagonistic activity of this yeast.	1
Title: Discovery and structure of the antimicrobial lasso peptide citrocin Abstract: We report the identification of citrocin, a 19-amino acid-long antimicrobial lasso peptide from the bacteria Citrobacter pasteurii and Citrobacter braakii We refactored the citrocin gene cluster and heterologously expressed it in Escherichia coli We determined citrocin's NMR structure in water and found that is reminiscent of that of microcin J25 (MccJ25), an RNA polymerase-inhibiting lasso peptide that hijacks the TonB-dependent transporter FhuA to gain entry into cells. Citrocin has moderate antimicrobial activity against E. coli and Citrobacter strains. We then performed an in vitro RNA polymerase (RNAP) inhibition assay using citrocin and microcin J25 against E. coli RNAP. Citrocin has a higher minimal inhibition concentration than microcin J25 does against E. coli but surprisingly is ∼100-fold more potent as an RNAP inhibitor. This suggests that citrocin uptake by E. coli is limited. We found that unlike MccJ25, citrocin's activity against E. coli relied on neither of the two proton motive force-linked systems, Ton and Tol-Pal, for transport across the outer membrane. The structure of citrocin contains a patch of positive charge consisting of Lys-5 and Arg-17. We performed mutagenesis on these residues and found that the R17Y construct was matured into a lasso peptide but no longer had activity, showing the importance of this side chain for antimicrobial activity. In summary, we heterologously expressed and structurally and biochemically characterized an antimicrobial lasso peptide, citrocin. Despite being similar to MccJ25 in sequence, citrocin has an altered activity profile and does not use the same outer-membrane transporter to enter susceptible cells.	1
Title: Nisin J, a Novel Natural Nisin Variant, Is Produced by Staphylococcus capitis Sourced from the Human Skin Microbiota Abstract: The skin microbiota is thought to play a key role in host protection from infection. Nisin J is a novel nisin variant produced by Staphylococcus capitis APC 2923, a strain isolated from the toe web space area in a screening study performed on the human skin microbiota. Whole-genome sequencing and mass spectrometry of the purified peptide confirmed that S. capitis APC 2923 produces a 3,458-Da bacteriocin, designated nisin J, which exhibited antimicrobial activity against a range of Gram-positive pathogens, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Cutibacterium acnes The gene order in the nisin J gene cluster (nsjFEGBTCJP) differs from that of other nisin variants in that it is lacking the nisin regulatory genes, nisRK, as well as the nisin immunity gene nisI Nisin J has 9 amino acid changes compared to prototypical nisin A, with 8 amino acid substitutions, 6 of which are not present in other nisin variants (Ile4Lys, Met17Gln, Gly18Thr, Asn20Phe, Met21Ala, Ile30Gly, Val33His, and Lys34Thr), and an extra amino acid close to the C terminus, rendering nisin J the only nisin variant to contain 35 amino acids. This is the first report of a nisin variant produced by a Staphylococcus species and the first nisin producer isolated from human skin.IMPORTANCE This study describes the characterization of nisin J, the first example of a natural nisin variant, produced by a human skin isolate of staphylococcal origin. Nisin J displays inhibitory activity against a wide range of bacterial targets, including MRSA. This work demonstrates the potential of human commensals as a source for novel antimicrobials that could form part of the solution to antibiotic resistance across a broad range of bacterial pathogens.	1
Title: The Discovery and Biosynthesis of Nicotinic Myxochelins from an Archangium sp. SDU34 Abstract: Myxobacteria are a prolific source of structurally diverse natural products, and one of the best-studied myxobacterial products is the siderophore myxochelin. Herein, we report two new compounds, myxochelins N (1) and O (2), that are nicotinic paralogs of myxochelin A, from the terrestrial myxobacterium Archangium sp. SDU34; 2 is functionalized with a rare 2-oxazolidinone. A precursor-feeding experiment implied that the biosynthesis of 1 or 2 was due to altered substrate specificity of the loading module of MxcE, which likely accepts nicotinic acid and benzoic acid instead of more conventional 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid. We also employed a phylogenomic approach to map the evolutionary relationships of the myxochelin biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) in all the available myxobacterial genomes, to pave the way for the future discovery of potentially hidden myxochelin derivatives. Although the biological function of 1 and 2 is unclear yet, this work underpins that even extensively studied BGCs in myxobacteria can still produce new chemistry.	1
Title: Genome Mining and Heterologous Expression Reveal Two Distinct Families of Lasso Peptides Highly Conserved in Endofungal Bacteria Abstract: Genome mining identified the fungal-bacterial endosymbiosis Rhizopus microsporus-Mycetohabitans (previously Burkholderia) rhizoxinica as a rich source of novel natural products. However, most of the predicted compounds have remained cryptic. In this study, we employed heterologous expression to isolate and characterize three ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides with lariat topology (lasso peptides) from the endosymbiont M. rhizoxinica: burhizin-23, mycetohabin-16, and mycetohabin-15. Through coexpression experiments, it was shown that an orphan gene product results in mature mycetohabin-15, albeit encoded remotely from the core biosynthetic gene cluster. Comparative genomics revealed that mycetohabins are highly conserved among M. rhizoxinica and related endosymbiotic bacteria. Gene knockout and reinfection experiments indicated that the lasso peptides are not crucial for establishing symbiosis; instead, the peptides are exported into the environment during endosymbiosis. This is the first report on lasso peptides from endosymbiotic bacteria.	1
Title: Food-Poisoning Bacteria Employ a Citrate Synthase and a Type II NRPS To Synthesize Bolaamphiphilic Lipopeptide Antibiotics* Abstract: Mining the genome of the food-spoiling bacterium Burkholderia gladioli pv. cocovenenans revealed five nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene clusters, including an orphan gene locus (bol). Gene inactivation and metabolic profiling linked the bol gene cluster to novel bolaamphiphilic lipopeptides with antimycobacterial activity. A combination of chemical analysis and bioinformatics elucidated the structures of bolagladin A and B, lipocyclopeptides featuring an unusual dehydro-β-alanine enamide linker fused to an unprecedented tricarboxylic fatty acid tail. Through a series of targeted gene deletions, we proved the involvement of a designated citrate synthase (CS), priming ketosynthases III (KS III), a type II NRPS, including a novel desaturase for enamide formation, and a multimodular NRPS in generating the cyclopeptide. Network analyses revealed the evolutionary origin of the CS and identified cryptic CS/NRPS gene loci in various bacterial genomes.	1
Title: Enzyme-Primed Native Chemical Ligation Produces Autoinducing Cyclopeptides in Clostridia Abstract: Clostridia coordinate many important processes such as toxin production, infection, and survival by density-dependent communication (quorum sensing) using autoinducing peptides (AIPs). Although clostridial AIPs have been proposed to be (thio)lactone-containing peptides, their true structures remain elusive. Here, we report the genome-guided discovery of an AIP that controls endospore formation in Ruminiclostridium cellulolyticum. Through a combination of chemical synthesis and chemical complementation assays with a mutant strain, we reveal that the genuine chemical mediator is a homodetic cyclopeptide (cAIP). Kinetic analyses indicate that the mature cAIP is produced via a cryptic thiolactone intermediate that undergoes a rapid S→N acyl shift, in a manner similar to intramolecular native chemical ligation (NCL). Finally, by implementing a chemical probe in a targeted screen, we show that this novel enzyme-primed, intramolecular NCL is a widespread feature of clostridial AIP biosynthesis.	1
Title: Structure elucidation and biosynthetic locus of trinickiabactin from the plant pathogenic bacterium Trinickia caryophylli Abstract: Within the framework of our effort to discover new bioactive metabolites from Gram-negative bacteria, trinickiabactin (1) was isolated from the plant pathogenic strain Trinickia caryophylli DSM 50341. Whole genome sequencing allowed the identification of its biosynthetic gene cluster. The structure of 1 bears a rare diazeniumdiolate ligand system and was elucidated by a combination of NMR- and MS-spectroscopic techniques and bioinformatics. Trinickiabactin was found to be antibacterial toward several Gram-negative bacteria (MIC values ranged from 3.5 to 34.0 µg ml-1).	1
Title: Landornamides: Antiviral Ornithine-Containing Ribosomal Peptides Discovered through Genome Mining Abstract: Proteusins are a family of bacterial ribosomal peptides that largely remain hypothetical genome-predicted metabolites. The only known members are the polytheonamide-type cytotoxins, which have complex structures due to numerous unusual posttranslational modifications (PTMs). Cyanobacteria contain large numbers of putative proteusin loci. To investigate their chemical and pharmacological potential beyond polytheonamide-type compounds, we characterized landornamide A, the product of the silent osp gene cluster from Kamptonema sp. PCC 6506. Pathway reconstruction in E. coli revealed a peptide combining lanthionines, d-residues, and, unusually, two ornithines introduced by the arginase-like enzyme OspR. Landornamide A inhibited lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus infection in mouse cells, thus making it one of the few known anti-arenaviral compounds. These data support proteusins as a rich resource of chemical scaffolds, new maturation enzymes, and bioactivities.	1
Title: A Desaturase-Like Enzyme Catalyzes Oxazole Formation in Pseudomonas Indolyloxazole Alkaloids Abstract: Indolyloxazole alkaloids occur in diverse micro- and macroorganisms and exhibit a wide range of pharmacological activities. Despite their ubiquitous occurrence and simple structures, the biosynthetic pathway remained unknown. Here, we used transposon mutagenesis in the labradorin producer Pseudomonas entomophila to identify a cryptic biosynthetic locus encoding an N-acyltransferase and a non-heme diiron desaturase-like enzyme. Heterologous expression in E. coli demonstrates that both enzymes are sufficient to produce indolyloxazoles. Probing their function in stable-isotope feeding experiments, we provide evidence for an unusual desaturase mechanism that generates the oxazole by decarboxylative cyclization.	1
Title: Characterization of an Orphan Type III Polyketide Synthase Conserved in Uncultivated "Entotheonella" Sponge Symbionts Abstract: Uncultivated bacterial symbionts from the candidate genus "Entotheonella" have been shown to produce diverse natural products previously attributed to their sponge hosts. In addition to these known compounds, "Entotheonella" genomes contain rich sets of biosynthetic gene clusters that lack identified natural products. Among these is a small type III polyketide synthase (PKS) cluster, one of only three clusters present in all known "Entotheonella" genomes. This conserved "Entotheonella" PKS (cep) cluster encodes the type III PKS CepA and the putative methyltransferase CepB. Herein, the characterization of CepA as an enzyme involved in phenolic lipid biosynthesis is reported. In vitro analysis showed a specificity for alkyl starter substrates and the production of tri- and tetraketide pyrones and tetraketide resorcinols. The conserved distribution of the cep cluster suggests an important role for the phenolic lipid polyketides produced in "Entotheonella" variants.	1
Title: Eliciting the silent lucensomycin biosynthetic pathway in Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 via manipulation of the global regulatory gene adpA Abstract: Actinobacteria are among the most prolific sources of medically and agriculturally important compounds, derived from their biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) for specialized (secondary) pathways of metabolism. Genomics witnesses that the majority of actinobacterial BGCs are silent, most likely due to their low or zero transcription. Much effort is put into the search for approaches towards activation of silent BGCs, as this is believed to revitalize the discovery of novel natural products. We hypothesized that the global transcriptional factor AdpA, due to its highly degenerate operator sequence, could be used to upregulate the expression of silent BGCs. Using Streptomyces cyanogenus S136 as a test case, we showed that plasmids expressing either full-length adpA or its DNA-binding domain led to significant changes in the metabolome. These were evident as changes in the accumulation of colored compounds, bioactivity, as well as the emergence of a new pattern of secondary metabolites as revealed by HPLC-ESI-mass spectrometry. We further focused on the most abundant secondary metabolite and identified it as the polyene antibiotic lucensomycin. Finally, we uncovered the entire gene cluster for lucensomycin biosynthesis (lcm), that remained elusive for five decades until now, and outlined an evidence-based scenario for its adpA-mediated activation.	1
Title: Co-occurrence of enzyme domains guides the discovery of an oxazolone synthetase Abstract: Multidomain enzymes orchestrate two or more catalytic activities to carry out metabolic transformations with increased control and speed. Here, we report the design and development of a genome-mining approach for targeted discovery of biochemical transformations through the analysis of co-occurring enzyme domains (CO-ED) in a single protein. CO-ED was designed to identify unannotated multifunctional enzymes for functional characterization and discovery based on the premise that linked enzyme domains have evolved to function collaboratively. Guided by CO-ED, we targeted an unannotated predicted ThiF-nitroreductase di-domain enzyme found in more than 50 proteobacteria. Through heterologous expression and biochemical reconstitution, we discovered a series of natural products containing the rare oxazolone heterocycle and characterized their biosynthesis. Notably, we identified the di-domain enzyme as an oxazolone synthetase, validating CO-ED-guided genome mining as a methodology with potential broad utility for both the discovery of unusual enzymatic transformations and the functional annotation of multidomain enzymes.	1
Title: An unusual Burkholderia gladioli double chain-initiating nonribosomal peptide synthetase assembles 'fungal' icosalide antibiotics Abstract: Burkholderia is a multi-talented genus of Gram-negative bacteria, which in recent years has become increasingly recognised as a promising source of bioactive natural products. Metabolite profiling of Burkholderia gladioli BCC0238 showed that it produces the asymmetric lipopeptidiolide antibiotic icosalide A1, originally isolated from a fungus. Comparative bioinformatics analysis of several genome-sequenced B. gladioli isolates identified a gene encoding a nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) with an unusual architecture that was predicted to be responsible for icosalide biosynthesis. Inactivation of this gene in B. gladioli BCC0238 abolished icosalide production. PCR analysis and sequencing of total DNA from the original fungal icosalide A1 producer revealed it has a B. gladioli strain associated with it that harbours an NRPS with an identical architecture to that responsible for icosalide A1 assembly in B. gladioli BCC0238. Sequence analysis of the icosalide NRPS indicated that it contains two chain-initiating condensation (CI) domains. One of these is appended to the N-terminus of module 1 - a common architecture for NRPSs involved in lipopeptide assembly. The other is embedded in module 3, immediately downstream of a putative chain-elongating condensation domain. Analysis of the reactions catalysed by a tridomain construct from module 3 of the NRPS using intact protein mass spectrometry showed that the embedded CI domain initiates assembly of a second lipopeptide chain, providing key insights into the mechanism for asymmetric diolide assembly.	1
Title: Discovery and Characterization of a Class IV Lanthipeptide with a Nonoverlapping Ring Pattern Abstract: Lanthipeptides constitute a major family of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). They are classified into four subfamilies, based on the characteristics of their lanthipeptide synthetases. While over a hundred lanthipeptides have been discovered to date, very few of them are class IV lanthipeptides and the latter are all structurally similar. Here, we identified an uncharacterized group of class IV lanthipeptides using bioinformatics analysis. One representative pathway from Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-1022 was expressed in Escherichia coli, which generated a lanthipeptide with two nonoverlapping rings that have not been reported for known class IV lanthipeptides. Further investigation into the biosynthetic mechanism revealed that multiple modification pathways are in operation in which dehydration and cyclization occur in parallel. While peptidases for maturation of class IV lanthipeptides have been elusive, two aminopeptidases encoded in the genome of Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-1022 were shown to process the modified peptide by the dual endopeptidase/aminopeptidase activity. This work opens doors to discover more class IV lanthipeptides with interesting structural features and biological activities.	1
Title: Structure and biosynthesis of sorangipyranone - a new γ-dihydropyrone from the myxobacterial strain MSr12020 Abstract: Sorangipyranone was isolated as a novel natural product featuring a unique 2,3-dihydro-γ-4H-pyrone scaffold from cultures of the myxobacterial strain MSr12020. We report here the full structure elucidation of sorangipyranone by spectroscopic techniques including 2D NMR and high-resolution mass spectrometry together with the analysis of the biosynthetic pathway. Determination of the absolute configuration was performed by time-dependent density functional theory-electronic circular dichroism calculations and determination of the applicability of the Snatzke's helicity rule, to correlate the high-wavelength n→π* electronic circular dichroism (ECD) transition and the absolute configuration of the 2,3-dihydro-4H-γ-pyrone, was done by the analysis of low-energy conformers and the Kohn-Sham orbitals. Sorangipyranone outlines a new class of a γ-dihydropyrone-containing natural product comprised of malonyl-CoA-derived building blocks and features a unique polyketide scaffold. In silico analysis of the genome sequence of the myxobacterial strain MSr12020 complemented with feeding experiments employing stable isotope-labeled precursors allowed the identification and annotation of a candidate biosynthetic gene cluster that encodes a modular polyketide synthase assembly line. A model for the biosynthetic pathway leading to the formation of the γ-dihydropyrone scaffold is presented in this study.	1
Title: 2-Hydroxysorangiadenosine: Structure and Biosynthesis of a Myxobacterial Sesquiterpene-Nucleoside Abstract: Myxobacteria represent an under-investigated source for biologically active natural products featuring intriguing structural moieties with potential applications, e.g., in the pharmaceutical industry. Sorangiadenosine and the here-discovered 2-hydroxysorangiadenosine are myxobacterial sesquiterpene-nucleosides with an unusual structural moiety, a bicyclic eudesmane-type sesquiterpene. As the biosynthesis of these rare terpene-nucleoside hybrid natural products remains elusive, we investigated secondary metabolomes and genomes of several 2-hydroxysorangiadenosine-producing myxobacteria. We report the isolation and full structure elucidation of 2-hydroxysorangiadenosine and its cytotoxic and antibiotic activities and propose a biosynthetic pathway in the myxobacterium Vitiosangium cumulatum MCy10943T.	1
Title: The Isolation of Pyrroloformamide Congeners and Characterization of Their Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Dithiolopyrrolones are microbial natural products containing a disulfide or thiosulfonate bridge embedded in a unique bicyclic structure. By interfering with zinc ion homeostasis in living cells, they show strong antibacterial activity against a variety of bacterial pathogens, as well as potent cytotoxicity against human cancer cells. In the current study, two new dithiolopyrrolones, pyrroloformamide C (3) and pyrroloformamide D (4), were isolated from Streptomyces sp. CB02980, together with the known pyrroloformamides 1 and 2. The biosynthetic gene cluster for pyrroloformamides was identified from Streptomyces sp. CB02980, which shared high sequence similarity with those of dithiolopyrrolones, including holomycin and thiolutin. Gene replacement of pyfE, which encodes a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS), abolished the production of 1-4. Overexpression of pyfN, a type II thioesterase gene, increased the production of 1 and 2. Genome neighborhood network analysis of the characterized and orphan gene clusters of dithiolopyrrolones revealed a unified mechanism for their biosynthesis, involving an iterative-acting NRPS and a set of conserved tailoring enzymes for the bicyclic core formation.	1
Title: Production of a Dibrominated Aromatic Secondary Metabolite by a Planctomycete Implies Complex Interaction with a Macroalgal Host Abstract: The roles of the majority of bacterial secondary metabolites, especially those from uncommon sources, are still elusive even though many of these compounds show striking biological activities. To further investigate the secondary metabolite repertoire of underexploited bacterial families, we chose to analyze a novel representative of the yet untapped bacterial phylum Planctomycetes for the production of secondary metabolites under laboratory culture conditions. Development of a planctomycetal high density cultivation technique in combination with high resolution mass spectrometric analysis revealed Planctomycetales strain 10988 to produce the plant toxin 3,5-dibromo-p-anisic acid. This molecule represents the first secondary metabolite reported from any planctomycete. Genome mining revealed the biosynthetic origin of this doubly brominated secondary metabolite, and a biosynthesis model for the compound was devised. Comparison of the biosynthetic route to biosynthetic gene clusters responsible for formation of polybrominated small aromatic compounds reveals evidence of an evolutionary link, while the compound's herbicidal activity points toward a complex interaction of planctomycetes with their macroalgal host.	1
Title: Structure and Biosynthesis of Myxofacyclines: Unique Myxobacterial Polyketides Featuring Varing and Rare Heterocycles[] * Abstract: A metabolome-guided screening approach in the novel myxobacterium Corallococcus sp. MCy9072 resulted in the isolation of the unprecedented natural product myxofacycline A, which features a rare isoxazole substructure. Identification and genomic investigation of additional producers alongside targeted gene inactivation experiments and heterologous expression of the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster in the host Myxococcus xanthus DK1622 confirmed a noncanonical megaenzyme complex as the biosynthetic origin of myxofacycline A. Induced expression of the respective genes led to significantly increased production titers enabling the identification of six further members of the myxofacycline natural product family. Whereas myxofacyclines A-D display an isoxazole substructure, intriguingly myxofacyclines E and F were found to contain 4-pyrimidinole, a heterocycle unprecedented in natural products. Lastly, myxofacycline G features another rare 1,2-dihydropyrol-3-one moiety. In addition to a full structure elucidation, we report the underlying biosynthetic machinery and present a rationale for the formation of all myxofacyclines. Unexpectedly, an extraordinary polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase hybrid was found to produce all three types of heterocycle in these natural products.	1
Title: Discovery of ammosesters by mining the Streptomyces uncialis DCA2648 genome revealing new insight into ammosamide biosynthesis Abstract: The ammosamides (AMMs) are a family of pyrroloquinoline alkaloids that exhibits a wide variety of bioactivities. A biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) that is highly homologous in both gene content and genetic organization to the amm BGC was identified by mining the Streptomyces uncialis DCA2648 genome, leading to the discovery of a sub-family of new AMM congeners, named ammosesters (AMEs). The AMEs feature a C-4a methyl ester, differing from the C-4a amide functional group characteristic to AMMs, and exhibit modest cytotoxicity against a broad spectrum of human cancer cell lines, expanding the structure-activity relationship for the pyrroloquinoline family of natural products. Comparative analysis of the ame and amm BGCs supports the use of a scaffold peptide as an emerging paradigm for the biosynthesis of the pyrroloquinoline family of natural products. AME and AMM biosynthesis diverges from a common intermediate by evolving the pathway-specific Ame24 O-methyltransferase and Amm20 amide synthetase, respectively. These findings will surely inspire future efforts to mimic Nature's combinatorial biosynthetic strategies for natural product structural diversity.	1
Title: Genomic-Led Discovery of a Novel Glycopeptide Antibiotic by Nonomuraea coxensis DSM 45129 Abstract: Glycopeptide antibiotics (GPAs) are last defense line drugs against multidrug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens. Natural GPAs teicoplanin and vancomycin, as well as semisynthetic oritavancin, telavancin, and dalbavancin, are currently approved for clinical use. Although these antibiotics remain efficient, emergence of novel GPA-resistant pathogens is a question of time. Therefore, it is important to investigate the natural variety of GPAs coming from so-called "rare" actinobacteria. Herein we describe a novel GPA producer-Nonomuraea coxensis DSM 45129. Its de novo sequenced and completely assembled genome harbors a biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) similar to the dbv BGC of A40926, the natural precursor to dalbavancin. The strain produces a novel GPA, which we propose is an A40926 analogue lacking the carboxyl group on the N-acylglucosamine moiety. This structural difference correlates with the absence of dbv29-coding for an enzyme responsible for the oxidation of the N-acylglucosamine moiety. Introduction of dbv29 into N. coxensis led to A40926 production in this strain. Finally, we successfully applied dbv3 and dbv4 heterologous transcriptional regulators to trigger and improve A50926 production in N. coxensis, making them prospective tools for screening other Nonomuraea spp. for GPA production. Our work highlights genus Nonomuraea as a still untapped source of novel GPAs.	1
Title: Pan-genome analysis identifies intersecting roles for Pseudomonas specialized metabolites in potato pathogen inhibition Abstract: Agricultural soil harbors a diverse microbiome that can form beneficial relationships with plants, including the inhibition of plant pathogens. Pseudomonas spp. are one of the most abundant bacterial genera in the soil and rhizosphere and play important roles in promoting plant health. However, the genetic determinants of this beneficial activity are only partially understood. Here, we genetically and phenotypically characterize the Pseudomonas fluorescens population in a commercial potato field, where we identify strong correlations between specialized metabolite biosynthesis and antagonism of the potato pathogens Streptomyces scabies and Phytophthora infestans. Genetic and chemical analyses identified hydrogen cyanide and cyclic lipopeptides as key specialized metabolites associated with S. scabies inhibition, which was supported by in planta biocontrol experiments. We show that a single potato field contains a hugely diverse and dynamic population of Pseudomonas bacteria, whose capacity to produce specialized metabolites is shaped both by plant colonization and defined environmental inputs.	1
Title: In Situ Activation and Heterologous Production of a Cryptic Lantibiotic from an African Plant Ant-Derived Saccharopolyspora Species Abstract: Most clinical antibiotics are derived from actinomycete natural products discovered at least 60 years ago. However, the repeated rediscovery of known compounds led the pharmaceutical industry to largely discard microbial natural products (NPs) as a source of new chemical diversity. Recent advances in genome sequencing have revealed that these organisms have the potential to make many more NPs than previously thought. Approaches to unlock NP biosynthesis by genetic manipulation of strains, by the application of chemical genetics, or by microbial cocultivation have resulted in the identification of new antibacterial compounds. Concomitantly, intensive exploration of coevolved ecological niches, such as insect-microbe defensive symbioses, has revealed these to be a rich source of chemical novelty. Here, we report the new lanthipeptide antibiotic kyamicin, which was generated through the activation of a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster identified by genome mining Saccharopolyspora species found in the obligate domatium-dwelling ant Tetraponera penzigi of the ant plant Vachellia drepanolobium Transcriptional activation of this silent gene cluster was achieved by ectopic expression of a pathway-specific activator under the control of a constitutive promoter. Subsequently, a heterologous production platform was developed which enabled the purification of kyamicin for structural characterization and bioactivity determination. This strategy was also successful for the production of lantibiotics from other genera, paving the way for a synthetic heterologous expression platform for the discovery of lanthipeptides that are not detected under laboratory conditions or that are new to nature.IMPORTANCE The discovery of novel antibiotics to tackle the growing threat of antimicrobial resistance is impeded by difficulties in accessing the full biosynthetic potential of microorganisms. The development of new tools to unlock the biosynthesis of cryptic bacterial natural products will greatly increase the repertoire of natural product scaffolds. Here, we report a strategy for the ectopic expression of pathway-specific positive regulators that can be rapidly applied to activate the biosynthesis of cryptic lanthipeptide biosynthetic gene clusters. This allowed the discovery of a new lanthipeptide antibiotic directly from the native host and via heterologous expression.	1
Title: Refactoring the Concise Biosynthetic Pathway of Cyanogramide Unveils Spirooxindole Formation Catalyzed by a P450 Enzyme Abstract: Cyanogramide (1) from the marine actinomycete Actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus WH1-2216-6 features a unique spirooxindole skeleton and exhibits significant bioactivity to efficiently reverse drug resistance in tumor cells. The biosynthetic gene cluster of 1 in A. cyanogriseus WH1-2216-6 was identified and refactored by promoter engineering for heterologous expression in Streptomyces coelicolor YF11, thereby enabling the production of 1 and five new derivatives. Interesting, four of them, including 1, were identified as enantiomeric mixtures in different ratios. The functions of tailoring enzymes, including two methyltransferases (CyaEF), and three cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (CyaGHI) were confirmed by gene inactivation and feeding experiments, leading to the elucidation of a concise biosynthetic pathway for 1. Notably, CyaH was biochemically verified to catalyze the formation of the spirooxindole skeleton in 1 through an unusual carbocation-mediated semipinacol-type rearrangement reaction.	1
Title: A Non-canonical Melanin Biosynthesis Pathway Protects Aspergillus terreus Conidia from Environmental Stress Abstract: Melanins are ubiquitous pigments found in all kingdoms of life. Most organisms use them for protection from environmental stress, although some fungi employ melanins as virulence determinants. The human pathogenic fungus Aspergillus fumigatus and related Ascomycetes produce dihydroxynaphthalene- (DHN) melanin in their spores, the conidia, and use it to inhibit phagolysosome acidification. However, biosynthetic origin of melanin in a related fungus, Aspergillus terreus, has remained a mystery because A. terreus lacks genes for synthesis of DHN-melanin. Here we identify genes coding for an unusual NRPS-like enzyme (MelA) and a tyrosinase (TyrP) that A. terreus expressed under conidiation conditions. We demonstrate that MelA produces aspulvinone E, which is activated for polymerization by TyrP. Functional studies reveal that this new pigment, Asp-melanin, confers resistance against UV light and hampers phagocytosis by soil amoeba. Unexpectedly, Asp-melanin does not inhibit acidification of phagolysosomes, thus likely contributing specifically to survival of A. terreus conidia in acidic environments.	1
Title: Discovery and Characterization of Epemicins A and B, New 30-Membered Macrolides from Kutzneria sp. CA-103260 Abstract: Actinobacteria have been a rich source of novel, structurally complex natural products for many decades. Although the largest genus is Streptomyces, from which the majority of antibiotics in current and past clinical use were originally isolated, other less common genera also have the potential to produce a wealth of novel secondary metabolites. One example is the Kutzneria genus, which currently contains only five reported species. One of these species is Kutzneria albida DSM 43870T, which has 46 predicted biosynthetic gene clusters and is known to produce the macrolide antibiotic aculeximycin. Here, we report the isolation and structural characterization of two novel 30-membered glycosylated macrolides, epemicins A and B, that are structurally related to aculeximycin, from a rare Kutzneria sp. The absolute configuration for all chiral centers in the two compounds is proposed based on extensive 1D and 2D NMR studies and bioinformatics analysis of the gene cluster. Through heterologous expression and genetic inactivation, we have confirmed the link between the biosynthetic gene cluster and the new molecules. These findings show the potential of rare Actinobacteria to produce new, structurally diverse metabolites. Furthermore, the gene inactivation represents the first published report to genetically manipulate a representative of the Kutzneria genus.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Streptomyces mobaraensis DSM40847 as a Bleomycin Producer Providing a Biotechnology Platform To Engineer Designer Bleomycin Analogues Abstract: Streptomyces mobaraensis DSM40847 has been identified by genome mining and confirmed to be a new bleomycin (BLM) producer. Manipulation of BLM biosynthesis in S. mobaraensis has been demonstrated, as exemplified by the engineered production of 6'-deoxy-BLM A2, providing a biotechnology platform for BLM biosynthesis and engineering. Comparison of DNA cleavage efficiency and kinetics among 6'-deoxy-BLM A2 and selected analogues supports the wisdom of altering the disaccharide moiety to fine-tune BLM activity.	1
Title: Discovery of Thanafactin A, a Linear, Proline-Containing Octalipopeptide from Pseudomonas sp. SH-C52, Motivated by Genome Mining Abstract: Genome mining of the bacterial strains Pseudomonas sp. SH-C52 and Pseudomonas fluorescens DSM 11579 showed that both strains contained a highly similar gene cluster encoding an octamodular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) system which was not associated with a known secondary metabolite. Insertional mutagenesis of an NRPS component followed by comparative profiling led to the discovery of the corresponding novel linear octalipopeptide thanafactin A, which was subsequently isolated and its structure determined by two-dimensional NMR and further spectroscopic and chromatographic methods. In bioassays, thanafactin A exhibited weak protease inhibitory activity and was found to modulate swarming motility in a strain-specific manner.	1
Title: Dissection of the Enzymatic Process for Forming a Central Imidazopiperidine Heterocycle in the Biosynthesis of a Series c Thiopeptide Antibiotic Abstract: Thiopeptide antibiotics are a family of ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptide natural products of significant interest in anti-infective agent development. These antibiotics are classified into five subfamilies according to differences in the central 6-membered heterocycle of the thiopeptide framework. The mechanism through which imidazopiperidine, the most heavily functionalized central domain characteristic of a series c thiopeptide, is formed remains unclear. Based on mining and characterization of the genes specifically involved in the biosynthesis of Sch40832, we here report an enzymatic process for transforming a series b thiopeptide into a series c product through a series a intermediate. This process starts with F420-dependent hydrogenation of the central dehydropiperidine unit to a saturated piperidine unit. With the activity of a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase, the piperidine-thiazole motif of the intermediate undergoes an unusual oxygenation-mediated rearrangement to provide an imidazopiperidine heterocycle subjected to further S-methylation and aldehyde reduction. This study represents the first biochemical reconstitution of the pathway forming a stable series c thiopeptide.	1
Title: Characterization of Giant Modular PKSs Provides Insight into Genetic Mechanism for Structural Diversification of Aminopolyol Polyketides Abstract: Polyketides form many clinically valuable compounds. However, manipulation of their biosynthesis remains highly challenging. An understanding of gene cluster evolution provides a rationale for reprogramming of the biosynthetic machinery. Herein, we report characterization of giant modular polyketide synthases (PKSs) responsible for the production of aminopolyol polyketides. Heterologous expression of over 150 kbp polyketide gene clusters successfully afforded their products, whose stereochemistry was established by taking advantage of bioinformatic analysis. Furthermore, phylogenetic analysis of highly homologous but functionally diverse domains from the giant PKSs demonstrated the evolutionary mechanism for structural diversification of polyketides. The gene clusters characterized herein, together with their evolutionary insights, are promising genetic building blocks for de novo production of unnatural polyketides.	1
Title: Cyclofaulknamycin with the Rare Amino Acid D-capreomycidine Isolated from a Well-Characterized Streptomyces albus Strain Abstract: Targeted genome mining is an efficient method of biosynthetic gene cluster prioritization within constantly growing genome databases. Using two capreomycidine biosynthesis genes, alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent arginine beta-hydroxylase and pyridoxal-phosphate-dependent aminotransferase, we identified two types of clusters: one type containing both genes involved in the biosynthesis of the abovementioned moiety, and other clusters including only arginine hydroxylase. Detailed analysis of one of the clusters, the flk cluster from Streptomyces albus, led to the identification of a cyclic peptide that contains a rare D-capreomycidine moiety for the first time. The absence of the pyridoxal-phosphate-dependent aminotransferase gene in the flk cluster is compensated by the XNR_1347 gene in the S. albus genome, whose product is responsible for biosynthesis of the abovementioned nonproteinogenic amino acid. Herein, we report the structure of cyclofaulknamycin and the characteristics of its biosynthetic gene cluster, biosynthesis and bioactivity profile.	1
Title: Dudomycins: New Secondary Metabolites Produced After Heterologous Expression of an Nrps Cluster from Streptomyces albus ssp. Chlorinus Nrrl B-24108 Abstract: Since the 1950s, natural products of bacterial origin were systematically developed to be used as drugs with a wide range of medical applications. The available treatment options for many diseases are still not satisfying, wherefore, the discovery of new structures has not lost any of its importance. Beyond the great variety of already isolated and characterized metabolites, Streptomycetes still harbor uninvestigated gene clusters whose products can be accessed using heterologous expression in host organisms. This works presents the discovery of a set of structurally novel secondary metabolites, dudomycins A to D, through the expression of a cryptic NRPS cluster from Streptomyces albus ssp. Chlorinus NRRL B-24108 in the heterologous host strain Streptomyces albus Del14. A minimal set of genes, required for the production of dudomycins, was defined through gene inactivation experiments. This paper also proposes a model for dudomycin biosynthesis.	1
Title: Discovery and Heterologous Production of New Cyclic Depsibosamycins Abstract: Streptomyces are producers of valuable secondary metabolites with unique scaffolds that perform a plethora of biological functions. Nonribosomal peptides are of special interest due to their variety and complexity. They are synthesized by nonribosomal peptide synthetases, large biosynthetic machineries that are encoded in the genome of many Streptomyces species. The identification of new peptides and the corresponding biosynthetic gene clusters is of major interest since knowledge can be used to facilitate combinatorial biosynthesis and chemical semisynthesis of natural products. The recently discovered bosamycins are linear octapeptides with an interesting 5-OMe tyrosine moiety and various modifications at the N-terminus. In this study, the new cyclic depsibosamycins B, C, and D from Streptomyces aurantiacus LU19075 were discovered. In comparison to the linear bosamycins B, C, and D, which were also produced by the strain, the cyclic depsibosamycins showed a side-chain-to-tail lactonization of serine and glycine, leading to a ring of four amino acids. In silico identification and heterologous expression of the depsibosamycin (dbm) gene cluster indicated that the cyclic peptides, rather than the linear derivatives, are the main products of the cluster.	1
Title: Baikalomycins A-C, New Aquayamycin-Type Angucyclines Isolated from Lake Baikal Derived Streptomyces sp. IB201691-2A Abstract: Natural products produced by bacteria found in unusual and poorly studied ecosystems, such as Lake Baikal, represent a promising source of new valuable drug leads. Here we report the isolation of a new Streptomyces sp. strain IB201691-2A from the Lake Baikal endemic mollusk Benedictia baicalensis. In the course of an activity guided screening three new angucyclines, named baikalomycins A-C, were isolated and characterized, highlighting the potential of poorly investigated ecological niches. Besides that, the strain was found to accumulate large quantities of rabelomycin and 5-hydroxy-rabelomycin, known shunt products in angucyclines biosynthesis. Baikalomycins A-C demonstrated varying degrees of anticancer activity. Rabelomycin and 5-hydroxy-rabelomycin further demonstrated antiproliferative activities. The structure elucidation showed that baikalomycin A is a modified aquayamycin with β-d-amicetose and two additional hydroxyl groups at unusual positions (6a and 12a) of aglycone. Baikalomycins B and C have alternating second sugars attached, α-l-amicetose and α-l-aculose, respectively. The gene cluster for baikalomycins biosynthesis was identified by genome mining, cloned using a transformation-associated recombination technique and successfully expressed in S. albus J1074. It contains a typical set of genes responsible for an angucycline core assembly, all necessary genes for the deoxy sugars biosynthesis, and three genes coding for the glycosyltransferase enzymes. Heterologous expression and deletion experiments allowed to assign the function of glycosyltransferases involved in the decoration of baikalomycins aglycone.	1
Title: Loseolamycins: A Group of New Bioactive Alkylresorcinols Produced after Heterologous Expression of a Type III PKS from Micromonospora endolithica Abstract: Natural products are a valuable source of biologically active compounds with potential applications in medicine and agriculture. Unprecedented scaffold diversity of natural products and biocatalysts from their biosynthetic pathways are of fundamental importance. Heterologous expression and refactoring of natural product biosynthetic pathways are generally regarded as a promising approach to discover new secondary metabolites of microbial origin. Here, we present the identification of a new group of alkylresorcinols after transcriptional activation and heterologous expression of the type III polyketide synthase of Micromonospora endolithica. The most abundant compounds loseolamycins A1 and A2 have been purified and their structures were elucidated by NMR. Loseolamycins contain an unusual branched hydroxylated aliphatic chain which is provided by the host metabolism and is incorporated as a starter fatty acid unit. The isolated loseolamycins show activity against gram-positive bacteria and inhibit the growth of the monocot weed Agrostis stolonifera in a germination assay. The biosynthetic pathway leading to the production of loseolamycins is proposed in this paper.	1
Title: Host-dependent heterologous expression of berninamycin gene cluster leads to linear thiopeptide antibiotics Abstract: Berninamycins are a class of thiopeptide antibiotics with potent activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Heterologous expression of the berninamycin (ber) biosynthetic gene cluster from marine-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 11878 in different terrestrial model Streptomyces hosts led to the production of berninamycins A (1) and B (2) in Streptomyces lividans SBT18 and Streptomyces coelicolor M1154, while two new linearized berninamycins J (3) and K (4) were obtained in Streptomyces albus J1074. Their structures were elucidated by detailed interpretation of NMR data and Marfey's method. Bioactivity assays showed that the linear thiopeptides 3 and 4 were less potent than 1 and 2 in antibacterial activity. This work indicates that undefined host-dependent enzymes might be responsible for generating the linear thiopeptides 3 and 4 in S. albus J1074.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of the trichostatin gene cluster and functional characterization of N-methyltransferase TsnB8 Abstract: Trichostatins are potent inhibitors of histone deacetylase (HDAC). In this work, a new trichostatin derivative isotrichostatin RK (1) and five known compounds trichostatin RK (2), JBIR-111 (3), 9179B (4), trichostatic acid (5) and trichostatin A (6) were isolated from marine-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 40028. The biosynthetic gene cluster (tsnB) for trichostatins was identified from Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 40028 and validated by heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans TK64. N-Methyltransferase TsnB8 was demonstrated to catalyze successive methyltransfer reactions by in vivo gene inactivation and in vitro enzyme assays.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Marine-Derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 40010 Leads to Cytotoxic New Polycyclic Tetramate Macrolactams Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PTMs) biosynthetic gene cluster are widely distributed in different bacterial types, especially in Streptomyces species. The mining of the genomic data of marine-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 40010 reveals the presence of a putative PTM-encoding biosynthetic gene cluster (ptm' BGC) that features a genetic organization for potentially producing 5/5/6 type of carbocyclic ring-containing PTMs. A fermentation of Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 40010 led to the isolation and characterization of six new PTMs 1-6. Comprehensive spectroscopic analysis assigned their planar structures and relative configurations, and their absolute configurations were deduced by comparing the experimental electronic circular dichroism (ECD) spectra with the reported spectra of the known PTMs. Intriguingly, compounds 1-6 were determined to have a trans-orientation of H-10/H-11 at the first 5-membered ring, being distinct from the cis-orientation in their known PTM congeners. PTMs 1-5 displayed cytotoxicity against several cancer cell lines, with IC50 values that ranged from 2.47 to 17.68 µM.	1
Title: Discovery and Biosynthesis of Neoenterocins Indicate a Skeleton Rearrangement of Enterocin Abstract: Two polyketides neoenterocins A (1) and B (2), featuring a neighboring dicarbonyl motif and a furan-containing 5/6 ring system, were isolated from the enterocin producer Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 11863. Heterologous expression, gene disruptions, and isotope feeding experiments indicated that 1 and 2 were derived from the enterocin biosynthetic gene cluster. However, 2 was demonstrated as an artifact from enterocin via a unique skeleton rearrangement.	1
Title: Identification of Novel Rotihibin Analogues in Streptomyces scabies, Including Discovery of Its Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Abstract: Streptomyces scabies is a phytopathogen associated with common scab disease. This is mainly attributed to its ability to produce the phytotoxin thaxtomin A, the biosynthesis of which is triggered by cellobiose. During a survey of other metabolites released in the presence of cellobiose, we discovered additional compounds in the thaxtomin-containing extract from Streptomyces scabies. Structural analysis by mass spectrometry (MS) and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) revealed that these compounds are amino acid sequence variants of the TOR (target of rapamycin) kinase (TORK) pathway-inhibitory lipopeptide rotihibin A, and the main compounds were named rotihibins C and D. In contrast to thaxtomin, the production of rotihibins C and D was also elicited in the presence of glucose, indicating different regulation of their biosynthesis. Through a combination of shotgun and targeted proteomics, the putative rotihibin biosynthetic gene cluster rth was identified in the publicly available genome of S. scabies 87-22. This cluster spans 33 kbp and encodes 2 different nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and 12 additional enzymes. Homologous rth biosynthetic gene clusters were found in other publicly available and complete actinomycete genomes. Rotihibins C and D display herbicidal activity against Lemna minor and Arabidopsis thaliana at low concentrations, shown by monitoring the effects on growth and the maximal photochemistry efficiency of photosystem II. IMPORTANCE Rotihibins A and B are plant growth inhibitors acting on the TORK pathway. We report the isolation and characterization of new sequence analogues of rotihibin from Streptomyces scabies, a major cause of common scab in potato and other tuber and root vegetables. By combining proteomics data with genomic analysis, we found a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster coding for enzyme machinery capable of rotihibin production. This work may lead to the biotechnological production of variants of this lipopeptide to investigate the exact mechanism by which it can target the plant TORK pathway in Arabidopsis thaliana. In addition, bioinformatics revealed the existence of other variants in plant-associated Streptomyces strains, both pathogenic and nonpathogenic species, raising new questions about the actual function of this lipopeptide. The discovery of a module in the nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) that incorporates the unusual citrulline residue may improve the prediction of peptides encoded by cryptic NRPS gene clusters.	1
Title: Isolation, Biosynthesis and Chemical Modifications of Rubterolones A-F: Rare Tropolone Alkaloids from Actinomadura sp. 5-2 Abstract: The discovery of six new, highly substituted tropolone alkaloids, rubterolones A-F, from Actinomadura sp. 5-2, isolated from the gut of the fungus-growing termite Macrotermes natalensis is reported. Rubterolones were identified by using fungus-bacteria challenge assays and a HRMS-based dereplication strategy, and characterised by NMR and HRMS analyses and by X-ray crystallography. Feeding experiments and subsequent chemical derivatisation led to a first library of rubterolone derivatives (A-L). Genome sequencing and comparative analyses revealed their putative biosynthetic pathway, which was supported by feeding experiments. This study highlights how gut microbes can present a prolific source of secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Zelkovamycins B-E, Cyclic Octapeptides Containing Rare Amino Acid Residues from an Endophytic Kitasatospora sp Abstract: Four unusual cyclopeptides, zelkovamycins B-E (1-4), were isolated from an endophytic Kitasatospora sp. Zelkovamycin B was featured by an unprecedented 3-methyl-5-hydroxypyrrolidine-2,4-dione ring system linked to the cyclopeptide skeleton. Their structures and full configurations were established by spectroscopic analysis, Marfey's method, and NMR calculations. A plausible biosynthetic pathway for zelkovamycins was proposed based on gene cluster analysis. Zelkovamycin E displayed potent inhibitory activity against H1N1 influenza A virus.	1
Title: Marinoterpins A-C: Rare Linear Merosesterterpenoids from Marine-Derived Actinomycete Bacteria of the Family Streptomycetaceae Abstract: The chemical examination of two undescribed marine actinobacteria has yielded three rare merosesterterpenoids, marinoterpins A-C (1-3, respectively). These compounds were isolated from the culture broth extracts of two marine-derived actinomycetes associated with the family Streptomycetaceae, (our strains were CNQ-253 and AJS-327). The structures of the new compounds were determined by extensive interpretation of 1D and 2D NMR, MS, and combined spectroscopic data. These compounds represent new chemical motifs, combining quinoline-N-oxides with a linear sesterterpenoid side chain. Additionally, consistent in all three metabolites is the rare occurrence of two five-ring ethers, which were derived from an apparent cyclization of methyl group carbons to adjacent hydroxy-bearing methylene groups in the sesterterpenoid side chain. Genome scanning of AJS-327 allowed for the identification of the marinoterpin (mrt) biosynthetic cluster, which consists of 16 open-reading frames that code for a sesterterpene pyrophosphate synthase, prenyltransferase, type II polyketide synthase, anthranilate:CoA-ligase, and several tailoring enzymes apparently responsible for installing the N-oxide and bis-tetrahydrofuran ring motifs.	1
Title: Azetidine-Bearing Non-Ribosomal Peptides, Bonnevillamides D and E, Isolated from a Carrion Beetle-Associated Actinomycete Abstract: Two new nonribosomal peptides, bonnevillamides D and E (1 and 2), have been discovered in Streptomyces sp. UTZ13 isolated from the carrion beetle, Nicrophorus concolor. Combinational analysis of the UV, MS, and NMR spectroscopic data revealed that their planar structures were comprised of dichlorinated linear peptides containing nonproteinogenic amino acid residues, such as 4-methylazetidinecarboxylic acid and 4-O-acetyl-5-methylproline. The configurations of bonnevillamides D and E (1 and 2) were determined based on ROESY correlations, the advanced Marfey's method, phenylglycine methyl ester derivatization, molecular modeling, and circular dichroism spectroscopy. The nonribosomal peptide synthetase biosynthetic pathway of bonnevillamides D and E has been proposed using bioinformatic analysis of the whole-genome sequence data of Streptomyces sp. UTZ13. Their biological activity toward the aggregation of amyloid-β, which is one of the key pathogenic proteins in Alzheimer's disease, was evaluated using a thioflavin T assay and gel electrophoresis. Bonnevillamides D and E reversed the fibril formation by inducing the monomerization of amyloid-β aggregates.	1
Title: Structures and Biosynthetic Pathway of Pulvomycins B-D: 22-Membered Macrolides from an Estuarine Streptomyces sp Abstract: Pulvomycins B-D (1-3) were discovered from an estuarine Streptomyces strain along with the known pulvomycin (4). The 22-membered macrocyclic lactone structures of 1-3 were determined based on the interpretation of NMR, UV, and MS data, the modified Mosher's method, and Kishi's bidentate chiral solvent NMR spectroscopy. Genomic analysis of the bacterial strain revealed the biosynthetic gene cluster of pulvomycin and enabled us to propose the trans-acyltransferase polyketide biosynthetic pathway. Pulvomycin D displayed potent cytotoxic activity against various cancer cell lines.	1
Title: Bombyxamycins A and B, Cytotoxic Macrocyclic Lactams from an Intestinal Bacterium of the Silkworm Bombyx mori Abstract: Bombyxamycins A and B (1 and 2) were discovered from a silkworm gut Streptomyces bacterium. Spectroscopic analysis and multiple-step chemical derivatization identified them as 26-membered cyclic lactams with polyene features. Bombyxamycin A showed significant antibacterial and antiproliferative effects. The bombyxamycin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified by genetic analysis. Gene deletion experiments confirmed that the cytochrome P450 BomK is responsible for the generation of 2, which unprecedentedly bears tetrahydrofuran in its macrocyclic ring.	1
Title: Unprecedented Noncanonical Features of the Nonlinear Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase Assembly Line for WS9326A Biosynthesis Abstract: Systematic inactivation of nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) domains and translocation of the thioesterase (TE) domain revealed several unprecedented nonlinear NRPS assembly processes during the biosynthesis of the cyclodepsipeptide WS9326A in Streptomyces sp. SNM55. First, two sets of type ΙΙ TE (TEΙΙ)-like enzymes mediate the shuttling of activated amino acids between two sets of stand-alone adenylation (A)-thiolation (T) didomain modules and an "A-less" condensation (C)-T module with distinctive specificities and flexibilities. This was confirmed by the elucidation of the affinities of the A-T didomains for the TEΙΙs and its structure. Second, the C-T didomain module operates iteratively and independently from other modules in the same protein to catalyze two chain elongation cycles. Third, this biosynthetic pathway includes the first example of module skipping, where the interpolated C and T domains are required for chain transfer.	1
Title: Structures and Biosynthetic Pathway of Coprisamides C and D, 2-Alkenylcinnamic Acid-Containing Peptides from the Gut Bacterium of the Carrion Beetle Silpha perforata Abstract: Coprisamides C and D (1 and 2) were isolated from a gut bacterium, Micromonospora sp. UTJ3, of the carrion beetle Silpha perforata. Based on the combined analysis of UV, MS, and NMR spectral data, the planar structures of 1 and 2 were elucidated to be unreported derivatives of coprisamides A and B, cyclic depsipeptides bearing a 2-alkenylcinnamic acid unit and the unusual amino acids β-methylaspartic acid and 2,3-diaminopropanoic acid. The absolute configuration of 1 was determined using the advanced Marfey's method, phenylglycine methyl ester derivatization, and J-based configuration analysis. The biosynthetic gene clusters for the coprisamides were investigated based on genomic data from coprisamide-producing strains Micromonospora sp. UTJ3 and Streptomyces sp. SNU533. Coprisamide C (1) was active against the Mycobacterium tuberculosis mc2 6230 strain.	1
Title: Structural Revision of Natural Cyclic Depsipeptide MA026 Established by Total Synthesis and Biosynthetic Gene Cluster Analysis Abstract: A revised structure of natural 14-mer cyclic depsipeptide MA026, isolated from Pseudomonas sp. RtlB026 in 2002 was established by physicochemical analysis with HPLC, MS/MS, and NMR and confirmed by total solid-phase synthesis. The revised structure differs from that previously reported in that two amino acid residues, assigned in error, have been replaced. Synthesized MA026 with the revised structure showed a tight junction (TJ) opening activity like that of the natural one in a cell-based TJ opening assay. Bioinformatic analysis of the putative MA026 biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) of RtIB026 demonstrated that the stereochemistry of each amino acid residue in the revised structure can be reasonably explained. Phylogenetic analysis with xantholysin BGC indicates an exceptionally high homology (ca. 90 %) between xantholysin and MA026. The TJ opening activity of MA026 when binding to claudin-1 is a key to new avenues for transdermal administration of large hydrophilic biologics.	1
Title: Microviridin 1777: A Toxic Chymotrypsin Inhibitor Discovered by a Metabologenomic Approach Abstract: The toxicity of the cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa EAWAG 127a was evaluated against the sensitive grazer Thamnocephalus platyurus, and the extract possessed strong activity. To investigate the compounds responsible for cytotoxicity, a series of peptides from this cyanobacterium were studied using a combined genomic and molecular networking approach. The results led to the isolation, structure elucidation, and biological evaluation of microviridin 1777, which represents the most potent chymotrypsin inhibitor characterized from this family of peptides to date. Furthermore, the biosynthetic gene clusters of microviridin, anabaenopeptin, aeruginosin, and piricyclamide were located in the producing organism, and six additional natural products were identified by tandem mass spectrometry analyses. These results highlight the potential of modern techniques for the identification of natural products, demonstrate the ecological role of protease inhibitors produced by cyanobacteria, and raise ramifications concerning the presence of novel, yet uncharacterized, toxin families in cyanobacteria beyond microcystin.	1
Title: Heterologous expression of a cryptic gene cluster from Grimontia marina affords a novel tricyclic peptide grimoviridin Abstract: Microviridins are a class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) that have been isolated from a wide variety of cyanobacterial strains. There are similar gene clusters of RiPPs distributed in the genomes of bacteria belonging to the phyla Proteobacteria and Bacteroidetes. A cryptic gene cluster for the production of microviridin-type peptide was found in the genome of the marine γ-Proteobacterium Grimontia marina. Heterologous production of new microviridin-type peptide named grimoviridin was accomplished in Escherichia coli using the biosynthetic gene cluster of G. marina. The structure of grimoviridin was determined by analysis of MS and NMR data. Grimoviridin contained one isopeptide and two ester bonds, which had exactly the same bridging pattern as other microviridin-type peptides. The absolute stereochemistries of constituent amino acids were determined to be all L-forms by modified Marfey's method. Grimoviridin showed potent inhibitory activity against trypsin with an IC50 value of 238 nM. This is the first report of heterologous production of microviridin-type peptide using a biosynthetic gene cluster from a Proteobacterium. Key points • Heterologous production afforded new microviridin-type peptide named grimoviridin. • This is the first report of microviridin-type peptide from proteobacterial origin. • Grimoviridin showed potent inhibitory activity against trypsin.	1
Title: Identification of the kinanthraquinone biosynthetic gene cluster by expression of an atypical response regulator Abstract: Recent advances in genome sequencing have revealed a variety of secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters in actinomycetes. Understanding the biosynthetic mechanism controlling secondary metabolite production is important for utilizing these gene clusters. In this study, we focused on the kinanthraquinone biosynthetic gene cluster, which has not been identified yet in Streptomyces sp. SN-593. Based on chemical structure, 5 type II polyketide synthase gene clusters were listed from the genome sequence of Streptomyces sp. SN-593. Among them, a candidate gene cluster was selected by comparing the gene organization with grincamycin, which is synthesized through an intermediate similar to kinanthraquinone. We initially utilized a BAC library for subcloning the kiq gene cluster, performed heterologous expression in Streptomyces lividans TK23, and identified the production of kinanthraquinone and kinanthraquinone B. We also found that heterologous expression of kiqA, which belongs to the DNA-binding response regulator OmpR family, dramatically enhanced the production of kinanthraquinones.	1
Title: Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for the anti-MRSA Lysocins through Gene Cluster Activation Using Strong Promoters of Housekeeping Genes and Production of New Analogs in Lysobacter sp. 3655 Abstract: The Gram-negative gliding bacteria Lysobacter represent a new and rich source for bioactive natural products. In an effort to discover new antibiotics, we found a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) in Lysobacter sp. 3655 that shared a high similarity with the putative lysocin BGC identified in silico previously from Lysobacter sp. RH2180-5. Lysocins are cyclic lipodepsipeptides with potent activity against MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) using a novel mode of action, but the lysocin BGC had not been experimentally verified so far. Using an activity-guided screening, we isolated the main antibiotic compound and confirmed it to be lysocin E. However, the putative lysocin BGC was barely transcribed in the wild type, in which lysocins were produced only in specific conditions and in a negligible amount. To activate the putative lysocin BGC, we screened for strongly transcribed housekeeping genes in strain 3655 and found several powerful promoters. Upon engineering the promoters into the BGC, the lysocin gene transcription was significantly enhanced and the lysocin yield was markedly increased. With readily detectable lysocins production in the engineered strains, we showed that lysocin production was abolished in the gene deletion mutant and then restored in the complementary strain, even when grown in conditions that did not support the wild type for lysocin production. Moreover, the engineered strain produced multiple new lysocin congeners. The determination of the lysocin BGC and the Lysobacter promoters will facilitate the ongoing efforts for yield improvement and new antibiotic biosynthesis using synthetic biology strategies.	1
Title: Discovery of Polycyclic Macrolide Shuangdaolides by Heterologous Expression of a Cryptic trans-AT PKS Gene Cluster Abstract: A cryptic trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthase biosynthetic gene cluster sdl (80 kb) from Streptomyces sp. B59 was cloned and transferred into a heterologous host Streptomyces albus J1074, resulting in a class of polycyclic macrolide shuangdaolides A-D (1-4) and dumulmycin (5). Heterologous expression and gene inactivation experiments allowed the identification of two biosynthetic intermediates, 6 and 7, suggesting an unusual multidomain SDR oxidoreductase SdlR in charge of the formation of a rare 2-hydroxycyclopentenone moiety in this class of compounds.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Micromonospora yangpuensis DSM 45577 as a Producer of an Anthraquinone-Fused Enediyne Abstract: A new anthraquinone-fused enediyne, yangpumicin A (YPM A, 1), along with four Bergman cyclization congeners (YPM B-E, 2-5), was isolated from Micromonospora yangpuensis DSM 45577 after mining enediyne biosynthetic gene clusters from public actinobacterial genome databases and prioritizing the hits by an enediyne genome neighborhood network analysis for discovery. YPM A is potent against a broad spectrum of human cancer cell lines. The discovery of 1 provides new opportunities for the functionalization of enediynes to develop new conjugation chemistries for antibody-drug conjugates.	1
Title: Genetic elucidation of interconnected antibiotic pathways mediating maize innate immunity Abstract: Specialized metabolites constitute key layers of immunity that underlie disease resistance in crops; however, challenges in resolving pathways limit our understanding of the functions and applications of these metabolites. In maize (Zea mays), the inducible accumulation of acidic terpenoids is increasingly considered to be a defence mechanism that contributes to disease resistance. Here, to understand maize antibiotic biosynthesis, we integrated association mapping, pan-genome multi-omic correlations, enzyme structure-function studies and targeted mutagenesis. We define ten genes in three zealexin (Zx) gene clusters that encode four sesquiterpene synthases and six cytochrome P450 proteins that collectively drive the production of diverse antibiotic cocktails. Quadruple mutants in which the ability to produce zealexins (ZXs) is blocked exhibit a broad-spectrum loss of disease resistance. Genetic redundancies ensuring pathway resiliency to single null mutations are combined with enzyme substrate promiscuity, creating a biosynthetic hourglass pathway that uses diverse substrates and in vivo combinatorial chemistry to yield complex antibiotic blends. The elucidated genetic basis of biochemical phenotypes that underlie disease resistance demonstrates a predominant maize defence pathway and informs innovative strategies for transferring chemical immunity between crops.	1
Title: Production of bioactive diterpenoids in the euphorbiaceae depends on evolutionarily conserved gene clusters Abstract: The Euphorbiaceae produce a diverse range of diterpenoids, many of which have pharmacological activities. These diterpenoids include ingenol mebutate, which is licensed for the treatment of a precancerous skin condition (actinic keratosis), and phorbol derivatives such as resiniferatoxin and prostratin, which are undergoing investigation for the treatment of severe pain and HIV, respectively. Despite the interest in these diterpenoids, their biosynthesis is poorly understood at present, with the only characterized step being the conversion of geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate into casbene. Here, we report a physical cluster of diterpenoid biosynthetic genes from castor (Ricinus communis), including casbene synthases and cytochrome P450s from the CYP726A subfamily. CYP726A14, CYP726A17, and CYP726A18 were able to catalyze 5-oxidation of casbene, a conserved oxidation step in the biosynthesis of this family of medicinally important diterpenoids. CYP726A16 catalyzed 7,8-epoxidation of 5-keto-casbene and CYP726A15 catalyzed 5-oxidation of neocembrene. Evidence of similar gene clustering was also found in two other Euphorbiaceae, including Euphorbia peplus, the source organism of ingenol mebutate. These results demonstrate conservation of gene clusters at the higher taxonomic level of the plant family and that this phenomenon could prove useful in further elucidating diterpenoid biosynthetic pathways.	1
Title: The Taxus genome provides insights into paclitaxel biosynthesis Abstract: The ancient gymnosperm genus Taxus is the exclusive source of the anticancer drug paclitaxel, yet no reference genome sequences are available for comprehensively elucidating the paclitaxel biosynthesis pathway. We have completed a chromosome-level genome of Taxus chinensis var. mairei with a total length of 10.23 gigabases. Taxus shared an ancestral whole-genome duplication with the coniferophyte lineage and underwent distinct transposon evolution. We discovered a unique physical and functional grouping of CYP725As (cytochrome P450) in the Taxus genome for paclitaxel biosynthesis. We also identified a gene cluster for taxadiene biosynthesis, which was formed mainly by gene duplications. This study will facilitate the elucidation of paclitaxel biosynthesis and unleash the biotechnological potential of Taxus.	1
Title: Expansion within the CYP71D subfamily drives the heterocyclization of tanshinones synthesis in Salvia miltiorrhiza Abstract: Tanshinones are the bioactive nor-diterpenoid constituents of the Chinese medicinal herb Danshen (Salvia miltiorrhiza). These groups of chemicals have the characteristic furan D-ring, which differentiates them from the phenolic abietane-type diterpenoids frequently found in the Lamiaceae family. However, how the 14,16-epoxy is formed has not been elucidated. Here, we report an improved genome assembly of Danshen using a highly homozygous genotype. We identify a cytochrome P450 (CYP71D) tandem gene array through gene expansion analysis. We show that CYP71D373 and CYP71D375 catalyze hydroxylation at carbon-16 (C16) and 14,16-ether (hetero)cyclization to form the D-ring, whereas CYP71D411 catalyzes upstream hydroxylation at C20. In addition, we discover a large biosynthetic gene cluster associated with tanshinone production. Collinearity analysis indicates a more specific origin of tanshinones in Salvia genus. It illustrates the evolutionary origin of abietane-type diterpenoids and those with a furan D-ring in Lamiaceae.	1
Title: Drivers of metabolic diversification: how dynamic genomic neighbourhoods generate new biosynthetic pathways in the Brassicaceae Abstract: Plants produce an array of specialized metabolites with important ecological functions. The mechanisms underpinning the evolution of new biosynthetic pathways are not well-understood. Here, we exploit available genome sequence resources to investigate triterpene biosynthesis across the Brassicaceae. Oxidosqualene cyclases (OSCs) catalyze the first committed step in triterpene biosynthesis. Systematic analysis of 13 sequenced Brassicaceae genomes was performed to identify all OSC genes. The genome neighbourhoods (GNs) around a total of 163 OSC genes were investigated to identify Pfam domains significantly enriched in these regions. All-vs-all comparisons of OSC neighbourhoods and phylogenomic analysis were used to investigate the sequence similarity and evolutionary relationships of the numerous candidate triterpene biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) observed. Functional analysis of three representative BGCs was carried out and their triterpene pathway products were elucidated. Our results indicate that plant genomes are remarkably plastic, and that dynamic GNs generate new biosynthetic pathways in different Brassicaceae lineages by shuffling the genes encoding a core palette of triterpene-diversifying enzymes, presumably in response to strong environmental selection pressure. These results illuminate a genomic basis for diversification of plant-specialized metabolism through natural combinatorics of enzyme families, which can be mimicked using synthetic biology to engineer diverse bioactive molecules.	1
Title: Plant terpenoid metabolism co-opts a component of the cell wall biosynthesis machinery Abstract: Glycosylation is one of the most prevalent molecular modifications in nature. Single or multiple sugars can decorate a wide range of acceptors from proteins to lipids, cell wall glycans and small molecules, dramatically affecting their activity. Here, we discovered that by 'hijacking' an enzyme of the cellulose synthesis machinery involved in cell wall assembly, plants evolved cellulose synthase-like enzymes (Csls) and acquired the capacity to glucuronidate specialized metabolites, that is, triterpenoid saponins. Apparently, endoplasmic reticulum-membrane localization of Csls and of other pathway proteins was part of evolving a new glycosyltransferase function, as plant metabolite glycosyltransferases typically act in the cytosol. Discovery of glucuronic acid transferases across several plant orders uncovered the long-pursued enzymatic reaction in the production of a low-calorie sweetener from licorice roots. Our work opens the way for engineering potent saponins through microbial fermentation and plant-based systems.	1
Title: A Pathogen-Responsive Gene Cluster for Highly Modified Fatty Acids in Tomato Abstract: In response to biotic stress, plants produce suites of highly modified fatty acids that bear unusual chemical functionalities. Despite their chemical complexity and proposed roles in pathogen defense, little is known about the biosynthesis of decorated fatty acids in plants. Falcarindiol is a prototypical acetylenic lipid present in carrot, tomato, and celery that inhibits growth of fungi and human cancer cell lines. Using a combination of untargeted metabolomics and RNA sequencing, we discovered a biosynthetic gene cluster in tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) required for falcarindiol production. By reconstituting initial biosynthetic steps in a heterologous host and generating transgenic pathway mutants in tomato, we demonstrate a direct role of the cluster in falcarindiol biosynthesis and resistance to fungal and bacterial pathogens in tomato leaves. This work reveals a mechanism by which plants sculpt their lipid pool in response to pathogens and provides critical insight into the complex biochemistry of alkynyl lipid production.	1
Title: Evolution of a plant gene cluster in Solanaceae and emergence of metabolic diversity Abstract: Plants produce phylogenetically and spatially restricted, as well as structurally diverse specialized metabolites via multistep metabolic pathways. Hallmarks of specialized metabolic evolution include enzymatic promiscuity and recruitment of primary metabolic enzymes and examples of genomic clustering of pathway genes. Solanaceae glandular trichomes produce defensive acylsugars, with sidechains that vary in length across the family. We describe a tomato gene cluster on chromosome 7 involved in medium chain acylsugar accumulation due to trichome specific acyl-CoA synthetase and enoyl-CoA hydratase genes. This cluster co-localizes with a tomato steroidal alkaloid gene cluster and is syntenic to a chromosome 12 region containing another acylsugar pathway gene. We reconstructed the evolutionary events leading to this gene cluster and found that its phylogenetic distribution correlates with medium chain acylsugar accumulation across the Solanaceae. This work reveals insights into the dynamics behind gene cluster evolution and cell-type specific metabolite diversity.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the nucleoside antibiotic angustmycins: identification and characterization of the biosynthetic gene cluster reveal unprecedented dehydratase required for exo-glycal formation Abstract: The nucleoside antibiotic angustmycin, produced by some Streptomyces strains, is composed of adenine and C6 sugar and shows antibiotic and antitumor activities. In this study, we propose a biosynthetic pathway for angustmycin using a heterologous expression experiment coupled with in silico analysis of the angustmycin biosynthetic gene (agm) cluster. The biochemical characterization of Agm6 demonstrated its role in angustmycin biosynthesis as an unprecedented dehydratase.	1
Title: The mineral weathering ability of Collimonas pratensis PMB3(1) involves a Malleobactin-mediated iron acquisition system Abstract: Mineral weathering by microorganisms is considered to occur through a succession of mechanisms based on acidification and chelation. While the role of acidification is established, the role of siderophores is difficult to disentangle from the effect of the acidification. We took advantage of the ability of strain Collimonas pratensis PMB3(1) to weather minerals but not to acidify depending on the carbon source to address the role of siderophores in mineral weathering. We identified a single non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) responsible for siderophore biosynthesis in the PMB3(1) genome. By combining iron-chelating assays, targeted mutagenesis and chemical analyses (HPLC and LC-ESI-HRMS), we identified the siderophore produced as malleobactin X and how its production depends on the concentration of available iron. Comparison with the genome sequences of other collimonads evidenced that malleobactin production seems to be a relatively conserved functional trait, though some collimonads harboured other siderophore synthesis systems. We also revealed by comparing the wild-type strain and its mutant impaired in the production of malleobactin that the ability to produce this siderophore is essential to allow the dissolution of hematite under non-acidifying conditions. This study represents the first characterization of the siderophore produced by collimonads and its role in mineral weathering.	1
Title: Frankobactin Metallophores Produced by Nitrogen-Fixing Frankia Actinobacteria Function in Toxic Metal Sequestration Abstract: A series of new metallophores, referred to as frankobactins, were extracted from cultures of the symbiotic and nitrogen-fixing actinobacterium Frankia sp. CH37. Structure elucidation revealed a 2-hydroxyphenyl-substituted oxazoline core and a chain composed of five proteinogenic and nonproteinogenic amino acids, suggesting nonribosomal peptide synthesis as the biosynthetic origin. By whole-genome sequencing, bioinformatic analysis, and comparison with other Frankia strains, the genetic locus responsible for the biosynthesis was detected. Spectrophotometric titration of frankobactin with Fe(III) and Cu(II) and mass spectrometry established the 1:1 (metal:frankobactin) coordination. Uptake experiments suggested that frankobactin A1 (1) did not serve to recruit iron, but to detoxify Cu(II). As frankobactin A1 prevents the cellular entry of Cu(II), it could play a crucial role in the symbiosis of Frankia sp. and its host in the reclamation of copper-contaminated soil.	1
Title: Cyanochelins, an Overlooked Class of Widely Distributed Cyanobacterial Siderophores, Discovered by Silent Gene Cluster Awakening Abstract: Cyanobacteria require iron for growth and often inhabit iron-limited habitats, yet only a few siderophores are known to be produced by them. We report that cyanobacterial genomes frequently encode polyketide synthase (PKS)/nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) biosynthetic pathways for synthesis of lipopeptides featuring β-hydroxyaspartate (β-OH-Asp), a residue known to be involved in iron chelation. Iron starvation triggered the synthesis of β-OH-Asp lipopeptides in the cyanobacteria Rivularia sp. strain PCC 7116, Leptolyngbya sp. strain NIES-3755, and Rubidibacter lacunae strain KORDI 51-2. The induced compounds were confirmed to bind iron by mass spectrometry (MS) and were capable of Fe3+ to Fe2+ photoreduction, accompanied by their cleavage, when exposed to sunlight. The siderophore from Rivularia, named cyanochelin A, was structurally characterized by MS and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and found to contain a hydrophobic tail bound to phenolate and oxazole moieties followed by five amino acids, including two modified aspartate residues for iron chelation. Phylogenomic analysis revealed 26 additional cyanochelin-like gene clusters across a broad range of cyanobacterial lineages. Our data suggest that cyanochelins and related compounds are widespread β-OH-Asp-featuring cyanobacterial siderophores produced by phylogenetically distant species upon iron starvation. Production of photolabile siderophores by phototrophic cyanobacteria raises questions about whether the compounds facilitate iron monopolization by the producer or, rather, provide Fe2+ for the whole microbial community via photoreduction. IMPORTANCE All living organisms depend on iron as an essential cofactor for indispensable enzymes. However, the sources of bioavailable iron are often limited. To face this problem, microorganisms synthesize low-molecular-weight metabolites capable of iron scavenging, i.e., the siderophores. Although cyanobacteria inhabit the majority of the Earth's ecosystems, their repertoire of known siderophores is remarkably poor. Their genomes are known to harbor a rich variety of gene clusters with unknown function. Here, we report the awakening of a widely distributed class of silent gene clusters by iron starvation to yield cyanochelins, β-hydroxy aspartate lipopeptides involved in iron acquisition. Our results expand the limited arsenal of known cyanobacterial siderophores and propose products with ecological function for a number of previously orphan gene clusters.	1
Title: Holomycin, an Antibiotic Secondary Metabolite, Is Required for Biofilm Formation by the Native Producer Photobacterium galatheae S2753 Abstract: While the effects of antibiotics on microorganisms are widely studied, it remains less well understood how antibiotics affect the physiology of the native producing organisms. Here, using a marine bacterium, Photobacterium galatheae S2753, that produces the antibiotic holomycin, we generated a holomycin-deficient strain by in-frame deletion of hlmE, the core gene responsible for holomycin production. Mass spectrometry analysis of cell extracts confirmed that the ΔhlmE strain did not produce holomycin and that the mutant was devoid of antibacterial activity. Biofilm formation of the ΔhlmE strain was significantly reduced compared to that of wild-type S2753 and was restored in an hlmE complementary mutant. Consistent with this, exogenous holomycin, but not its dimethylated and less antibacterial derivative, S,S'-dimethyl holomycin, restored the biofilm formation of the ΔhlmE strain. Furthermore, zinc starvation was found to be essential for both holomycin production and biofilm formation of S2753, although the molecular mechanism remains elusive. Collectively, these data suggest that holomycin promotes biofilm formation of S2753 via its ene-disulfide group. Lastly, the addition of holomycin at subinhibitory concentrations also enhanced the biofilms of four other Vibrionaceae strains. P. galatheae likely gains an ecological advantage from producing holomycin as both an antibiotic and a biofilm stimulator, which facilitates nutrition acquisition and protects P. galatheae from environmental stresses. Studying the function of antibiotic compounds in the native producer will shed light on their roles in nature and could point to novel bioprospecting strategies.IMPORTANCE Despite the societal impact of antibiotics, their ecological functions remain elusive and have mostly been studied by exposing nonproducing bacteria to subinhibitory concentrations. Here, we studied the effects of the antibiotic holomycin on its native producer, Photobacterium galatheae S2753, a Vibrionaceae bacterium. Holomycin provides a distinct advantage to S2753 both as an antibiotic and by enhancing biofilm formation in the producer. Vibrionaceae species successfully thrive in global marine ecosystems, where they play critical ecological roles as free-living, symbiotic, or pathogenic bacteria. Genome mining has demonstrated that many have the potential to produce several bioactive compounds, including P. galatheae To unravel the contribution of the microbial metabolites to the development of marine microbial ecosystems, better insight into the function of these compounds in the producing organisms is needed. Our finding provides a model to pursue this and highlights the ecological importance of antibiotics to the fitness of the producing organisms.	1
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of chiral triscatechol siderophores with enantiomeric Fe(iii) coordination Abstract: Ferric complexes of triscatechol siderophores may assume one of two enantiomeric configurations at the iron site. Chirality is known to be important in the iron uptake process, however an understanding of the molecular features directing stereospecific coordination remains ambiguous. Synthesis of the full suite of (DHBL/DLysL/DSer)3 macrolactone diastereomers, which includes the siderophore cyclic trichrysobactin (CTC), enables the effects that the chirality of Lys and Ser residues exert on the configuration of the Fe(iii) complex to be defined. Computationally optimized geometries indicate that the Λ/Δ configurational preferences are set by steric interactions between the Lys sidechains and the peptide backbone. The ability of each (DHBL/DLysL/DSer)3 diastereomer to form a stable Fe(iii) complex prompted a genomic search for biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) encoding the synthesis of these diastereomers in microbes. The genome of the plant pathogen Dickeya chrysanthemi EC16 was sequenced and the genes responsible for the biosynthesis of CTC were identified. A related but distinct BGC was identified in the genome of the opportunistic pathogen Yersinia frederiksenii ATCC 33641; isolation of the siderophore from Y. frederiksenii ATCC 33641, named frederiksenibactin (FSB), revealed the triscatechol oligoester, linear-(DHBLLysLSer)3. Circular dichroism (CD) spectroscopy establishes that Fe(iii)-CTC and Fe(iii)-FSB are formed in opposite enantiomeric configuration, consistent with the results of the ferric complexes of the cyclic (DHBL/DLysL/DSer)3 diastereomers.	1
Title: Genome sequence of the marine bacterium Vibrio campbellii DS40M4, isolated from open ocean water Abstract: Vibrio sp. strain DS40M4 is a marine bacterium that was isolated from open ocean water. In this work, using genomic taxonomy, we were able to classify this bacterium as V. campbellii. Our genomic analysis revealed that V. campbellii DS40M4 harbors genes related to iron transport, virulence, and environmental fitness, such as those encoding anguibactin and vanchrobactin biosynthesis proteins, type II, III, IV, and VI secretion systems, and proteorhodopsin.	1
Title: Variochelins, Lipopeptide Siderophores from Variovorax boronicumulans Discovered by Genome Mining Abstract: Photoreactive siderophores have a major impact on the growth of planktonic organisms. To date, these molecules have mainly been reported from marine bacteria, although evidence is now accumulating that some terrestrial bacteria also harbor the biosynthetic potential for their production. In this paper, we describe the genomics-driven discovery and characterization of variochelins, lipopeptide siderophores from the bacterium Variovorax boronicumulans, which thrives in soil and freshwater habitats. Variochelins are different from most other lipopeptide siderophores in that their biosynthesis involves a polyketide synthase. We demonstrate that the ferric iron complex of variochelin A possesses photoreactive properties and present the MS-derived structures of two degradation products that emerge upon light exposure.	1
Title: Genetic and Functional Analysis of the Biosynthesis of a Non-Ribosomal Peptide Siderophore in Burkholderia xenovorans LB400 Abstract: B. xenovorans LB400 is a model bacterium for the study of the metabolism of aromatic compounds. The aim of this study was the genomic and functional characterization of a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase containing gene cluster that encodes a siderophore in B. xenovorans LB400. The mba gene cluster from strain LB400 encodes proteins involved in the biosynthesis and transport of a hydroxamate-type siderophore. Strain LB400 has a unique mba gene organization, although mba gene clusters have been observed in diverse Burkholderiales. Bioinformatic analysis revealed the presence of promoters in the mba gene cluster that strongly suggest regulation by the ferric uptake regulator protein (Fur) and by the alternative RNA polymerase extracytoplasmic function sigma factor MbaF. Reverse transcriptase PCR analyses showed the expression of iron-regulated transcriptional units mbaFGHIJKL, mbaN, mbaABCE, mbaO, mbaP and mbaD genes under iron limitation. Chrome azurol S (CAS) assay strongly suggests that strain LB400 synthesized a siderophore under iron limitation. Mass spectrometry ESI-MS and MALDI-TOF-MS analyses revealed that the siderophore is a non-ribosomal peptide, and forms an iron complex with a molecular mass of 676 Da. Based on bioinformatic prediction, CAS assay and MS analyses, we propose that the siderophore is L-Nδ-hydroxy-Nδ-formylOrn-D-β-hydroxyAsp-L-Ser-L-Nδ-hydroxy-Nδ-formylOrn-1,4-diaminobutane that is closely related to malleobactin-type siderophores reported in B. thailandensis.	1
Title: Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for the Organoarsenical Antibiotic Arsinothricin Abstract: The soil bacterium Burkholderia gladioli GSRB05 produces the natural compound arsinothricin [2-amino-4-(hydroxymethylarsinoyl) butanoate] (AST), which has been demonstrated to be a broad-spectrum antibiotic. To identify the genes responsible for AST biosynthesis, a draft genome sequence of B. gladioli GSRB05 was constructed. Three genes, arsQML, in an arsenic resistance operon were found to be a biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for synthesis of AST and its precursor, hydroxyarsinothricin [2-amino-4-(dihydroxyarsinoyl) butanoate] (AST-OH). The arsL gene product is a noncanonical radical S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) enzyme that is predicted to transfer the 3-amino-3-carboxypropyl (ACP) group from SAM to the arsenic atom in inorganic arsenite, forming AST-OH, which is methylated by the arsM gene product, a SAM methyltransferase, to produce AST. Finally, the arsQ gene product is an efflux permease that extrudes AST from the cells, a common final step in antibiotic-producing bacteria. Elucidation of the biosynthetic gene cluster for this novel arsenic-containing antibiotic adds an important new tool for continuation of the antibiotic era. IMPORTANCE Antimicrobial resistance is an emerging global public health crisis, calling for urgent development of novel potent antibiotics. We propose that arsinothricin and related arsenic-containing compounds may be the progenitors of a new class of antibiotics to extend our antibiotic era. Here, we report identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster for arsinothricin and demonstrate that only three genes, two of which are novel, are required for the biosynthesis and transport of arsinothricin, in contrast to the phosphonate counterpart, phosphinothricin, which requires over 20 genes. Our discoveries will provide insight for the development of more effective organoarsenical antibiotics and illustrate the previously unknown complexity of the arsenic biogeochemical cycle, as well as bring new perspective to environmental arsenic biochemistry.	1
Title: Saccharochelins A-H, Cytotoxic Amphiphilic Siderophores from the Rare Marine Actinomycete Saccharothrix sp. D09 Abstract: Siderophores are secreted by microorganisms to survive in iron-depleted conditions, and they also possess tremendous therapeutic potential. Genomic-inspired isolation facilitated the identification of eight amphiphilic siderophores, saccharochelins A-H (1-8), from a rare marine-derived Saccharothrix species. Saccharochelins feature a series of fatty acyl groups appended to the same tetrapeptide skeleton. With the help of gene disruption and heterologous expression, we identified the saccharochelin biosynthetic pathway. The diversity of saccharochelins originates from the flexible specificity of the starter condensation (CS) domain at the beginning of the nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) toward various fatty acyl substrates. Saccharochelins showed cytotoxicity against several human tumor cell lines, with IC50 values ranging from 2.3 to 17 μM. Additionally, the fatty acid side chains of the saccharochelins remarkably affected the cytotoxicity, suggesting changing the N-terminal acyl groups of lipopeptides may be a promising approach to produce more potent derivatives.	1
Title: Rational generation of lasso peptides based on biosynthetic gene mutations and site-selective chemical modifications Abstract: Lasso peptides are a unique family of natural products whose structures feature a specific threaded fold, which confers these peptides the resistance to thermal and proteolytic degradation. This stability gives lasso peptides excellent pharmacokinetic properties, which together with their diverse reported bioactivities have garnered extensive attention because of their drug development potential. Notably, the threaded fold has proven quite inaccessible by chemical synthesis, which has hindered efficient generation of structurally diverse lasso peptides. We herein report the discovery of a new lasso peptide stlassin (1) by gene activation based on a Streptomyces heterologous expression system. Site-directed mutagenesis on the precursor peptide-encoding gene is carried out systematically, generating 17 stlassin derivatives (2-17 and 21) with residue-replacements at specific positions of 1. The solution NMR structures of 1, 3, 4, 14 and 16 are determined, supporting structural comparisons that ultimately enabled the rational production of disulfide bond-containing derivatives 18 and 19, whose structures do not belong to any of the four classes currently used to classify lasso peptides. Several site-selective chemical modifications are first applied on 16 and 21, efficiently generating new derivatives (20, 22-27) whose structures bear various decorations beyond the peptidyl monotonicity. The high production yields of these stlassin derivatives facilitate biological assays, which show that 1, 4, 16, 20, 21 and 24 possess antagonistic activities against the binding of lipopolysaccharides to toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4). These results demonstrate proof-of-concept for the combined mutational/chemical generation of lasso peptide libraries to support drug lead development.	1
Title: Chlorinated metabolites from Streptomyces sp. highlight the role of biosynthetic mosaics and superclusters in the evolution of chemical diversity Abstract: LCMS-guided screening of a library of biosynthetically talented bacteria and fungi identified Streptomyces sp. MST- as a prolific producer of chlorinated metabolites. We isolated and characterised six new and nine reported compounds from MST-, belonging to three discrete classes - the depsipeptide svetamycins, the indolocarbazole borregomycins and the aromatic polyketide anthrabenzoxocinones. Following genome sequencing of MST-, we describe, for the first time, the svetamycin biosynthetic gene cluster (sve), its mosaic structure and its relationship to several distantly related gene clusters. Our analysis of the sve cluster suggested that the reported stereostructures of the svetamycins may be incorrect. This was confirmed by single-crystal X-ray diffraction analysis, allowing us to formally revise the absolute configurations of svetamycins A-G. We also show that the borregomycins and anthrabenzoxocinones are encoded by a single supercluster (bab) implicating superclusters as potential nucleation points for the evolution of biosynthetic gene clusters. These clusters highlight how individual enzymes and functional subclusters can be co-opted during the formation of biosynthetic gene clusters, providing a rare insight into the poorly understood mechanisms underpinning the evolution of chemical diversity.	1
Title: Synthetic biology based construction of biological activity-related library of fungal decalin-containing diterpenoid pyrones Abstract: A synthetic biology method based on heterologous biosynthesis coupled with genome mining is a promising approach for increasing the opportunities to rationally access natural product with novel structures and biological activities through total biosynthesis and combinatorial biosynthesis. Here, we demonstrate the advantage of the synthetic biology method to explore biological activity-related chemical space through the comprehensive heterologous biosynthesis of fungal decalin-containing diterpenoid pyrones (DDPs). Genome mining reveals putative DDP biosynthetic gene clusters distributed in five fungal genera. In addition, we design extended DDP pathways by combinatorial biosynthesis. In total, ten DDP pathways, including five native pathways, four extended pathways and one shunt pathway, are heterologously reconstituted in a genetically tractable heterologous host, Aspergillus oryzae, resulting in the production of 22 DDPs, including 15 new analogues. We also demonstrate the advantage of expanding the diversity of DDPs to probe various bioactive molecules through a wide range of biological evaluations.	1
Title: Gausemycins A,B: Cyclic Lipoglycopeptides from Streptomyces sp.* Abstract: We report a novel family of natural lipoglycopeptides produced by Streptomyces sp. INA-Ac-5812. Two major components of the mixture, named gausemycins A and B, were isolated, and their structures were elucidated. The compounds are cyclic peptides with a unique peptide core and several remarkable structural features, including unusual positions of d-amino acids, lack of the Ca2+ -binding Asp-X-Asp-Gly (DXDG) motif, tyrosine glycosylation with arabinose, presence of 2-amino-4-hydroxy-4-phenylbutyric acid (Ahpb) and chlorinated kynurenine (ClKyn), and N-acylation of the ornithine side chain. Gausemycins have pronounced activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Mechanistic studies highlight significant differences compared to known glyco- and lipopeptides. Gausemycins exhibit only slight Ca2+ -dependence of activity and induce no pore formation at low concentrations. Moreover, there is no detectable accumulation of cell wall biosynthesis precursors under treatment with gausemycins.	1
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of the biosynthetic gene cluster of maduramicin and its overproduction in Actinomadura sp. J1-007 Abstract: Maduramicin is the most efficient and possesses the largest market share of all anti-coccidiosis polyether antibiotics (ionophore); however, its biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) has yet to been identified, and the associated strains have not been genetically engineered. Herein, we performed whole-genome sequencing of a maduramicin-producing industrial strain of Actinomadura sp. J1-007 and identified its BGC. Additionally, we analyzed the identified BGCs in silico to predict the biosynthetic pathway of maduramicin. We then developed a conjugation method for the non-spore-forming Actinomadura sp. J1-007, consisting of a site-specific integration method for gene overexpression. The maduramicin titer increased by 30% to 7.16 g/L in shake-flask fermentation following overexpression of type II thioesterase MadTE that is the highest titer at present. Our findings provide insights into the biosynthetic mechanism of polyethers and provide a platform for the metabolic engineering of maduramicin-producing microorganisms for overproduction and development of maduramicin analogs in the future.	1
Title: Azotobacter vinelandii gene clusters for two types of peptidic and catechol siderophores produced in response to molybdenum Abstract: Aim:                       To characterize the complementary production of two types of siderophores in Azotobacter vinelandii.                  Methods and results:                       In an iron-insufficient environment, nitrogen-fixing A. vinelandii produces peptidic (azotobactin) and catechol siderophores for iron uptake to be used as a nitrogenase cofactor. Molybdenum, another nitrogenase cofactor, was also found to affect the production level of siderophores. Wild-type cells excreted azotobactin into molybdenum-supplemented and iron-insufficient medium, although catechol siderophores predominate in molybdenum-free environments. Two gene clusters were identified to be involved in the production of azotobactin and catechol siderophores through gene annotation and disruption. Azotobactin-deficient mutant cells produced catechol siderophores under the molybdenum-supplemented and iron-insufficient conditions, whereas catechol siderophore-deficient mutant cells extracellularly secreted excess azotobactin under iron-deficient condition independent of the concentration of molybdenum. This evidence suggests that a complementary siderophore production system exists in A. vinelandii.                  Conclusions:                       Molybdenum was found to regulate the production level of two types of siderophores. Azotobacter vinelandii cells are equipped with a complementary production system for nitrogen fixation in response to a limited quantity of metals.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       This is the first study identifying A. vinelandii gene clusters for the biosynthesis of two types of siderophores and clarifying the relationship between them.	1
Title: Expression of the Clifednamide Biosynthetic Pathway in Streptomyces Generates 27,28- seco-Derivatives Abstract: Polycyclic tetramate macrolactams (PoTeMs) are a group of hybrid PK-NRP natural products having a variable set of carbocyclic rings, a conserved assembly pathway, and diverse bioactivities. We report here the identification of seven new PoTeMs, clifednamides D-J (3-9), along with the known clifednamides A (1) and B (2) through rational pathway refactoring and heterologous expression. Remarkably, clifednamides D (3), G (6), and H (7) feature an unprecedented 27,28-seco skeleton. The cytotoxic activities of compounds 1-9 indicated that the hydroxy group of C-25, the methyl group of C-30, the inner five-membered ring, and the intact macrocycle are all critical for the activities. Meanwhile, the cytochrome P450 enzyme CftS023A and the hydroxylase CftS023E involved in oxidative tailoring of clifednamides were found to decorate the fused 5-6 bicyclic intermediates. Accordingly, the biosynthetic pathway for clifednamides was proposed.	1
Title: Coordinated Biosynthesis of the Purine Nucleoside Antibiotics Aristeromycin and Coformycin in Actinomycetes Abstract: Purine nucleoside antibiotic pairs, concomitantly produced by a single strain, are an important group of microbial natural products. Here, we report a target-directed genome mining approach to elucidate the biosynthesis of the purine nucleoside antibiotic pair aristeromycin (ARM) and coformycin (COF) in Micromonospora haikouensis DSM 45626 (a new producer for ARM and COF) and Streptomyces citricolor NBRC 13005 (a new COF producer). We also provide biochemical data that MacI and MacT function as unusual phosphorylases, catalyzing an irreversible reaction for the tailoring assembly of neplanocin A (NEP-A) and ARM. Moreover, we demonstrate that MacQ is shown to be an adenosine-specific deaminase, likely relieving the potential "excess adenosine" for producing cells. Finally, we report that MacR, an annotated IMP dehydrogenase, is actually an NADPH-dependent GMP reductase, which potentially plays a salvage role for the efficient supply of the precursor pool. Hence, these findings illustrate a fine-tuned pathway for the biosynthesis of ARM and also open the way for the rational search for purine antibiotic pairs.IMPORTANCE ARM and COF are well known for their prominent biological activities and unusual chemical structures; however, the logic of their biosynthesis has long been poorly understood. Actually, the new insights into the ARM and COF pathway will not only enrich the biochemical repertoire for interesting enzymatic reactions but may also lay a solid foundation for the combinatorial biosynthesis of this group of antibiotics via a target-directed genome mining strategy.	1
Title: Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster of Thermoactinoamides and Discovery of New Congeners by Integrated Genome Mining and MS-Based Molecular Networking Abstract: The putative non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene cluster encoding the biosynthesis of the bioactive cyclohexapeptide thermoactinoamide A (1) was identified in Thermoactinomyces vulgaris DSM 43016. Based on an in silico prediction, the biosynthetic operon was shown to contain two trimodular NRPSs, designated as ThdA and ThdB, respectively. Chemical analysis of a bacterial crude extract showed the presence of thermoactinoamide A (1), thereby supporting this biosynthetic hypothesis. Notably, integrating genome mining with a LC-HRMS/MS molecular networking-based investigation of the microbial metabolome, we succeeded in the identification of 10 structural variants (2-11) of thermoactinoamide A (1), five of them being new compounds (thermoactinoamides G-K, 7-11). As only one thermoactinoamide operon was found in T. vulgaris, it can be assumed that all thermoactinoamide congeners are assembled by the same multimodular NRPS system. In light of these findings, we suggest that the thermoactinoamide synthetase is able to create chemical diversity, combining the relaxed substrate selectivity of some adenylation domains with the iterative and/or alternative use of specific modules. In the frame of our screening program to discover antitumor natural products, thermoactinoamide A (1) was shown to exert a moderate growth-inhibitory effect in BxPC-3 cancer cells in the low micromolar range, while being inactive in PANC-1 and 3AB-OS solid tumor models.	1
Title: Characterization of the diastaphenazine/izumiphenazine C biosynthetic gene cluster from plant endophyte Streptomyces diastaticus W2 Abstract: Two phenazine compounds, diastaphenazine and izumiphenazine C, with complex structures and promising antitumour activity have been isolated from the plant endophytic actinomycete Streptomyces diastaticus W2. Their putative biosynthetic gene cluster (dap) was identified by heterologous expression and gene knockout. There are twenty genes in the dap cluster. dap14-19 related to shikimic pathway were potentially involved in the precursor chorismic acid biosynthesis, and dapBCDEFG were confirmed to be responsible for the biosynthesis of the dibenzopyrazine ring, the nuclear structure of phenazines. Two transcriptional regulatory genes dapR and dap4 played the positive regulatory roles on the phenazine biosynthetic pathway. Most notably, the dimerization of the dibenzopyrazine ring in diastaphenazine and the loading of the complex side chain in izumiphenazine C could be catalysed by the cyclase homologous gene dap5, suggesting an unusual modification strategy tailoring complex phenazine biosynthesis. Moreover, metabolite analysis of the gene deletion mutant strain S. albus::23C5Δdap2 and substrate assay of the methyltransferase Dap2 clearly revealed the biosynthetic route of the complex side chain in izumiphenazine C.	1
Title: An Atypical Arginine Dihydrolase Involved in the Biosynthesis of Cyclic Hexapeptide Longicatenamides Abstract: The incorporation of non-proteinogenic amino acids (NPAAs) enriches the structural diversity of nonribosomal peptides. Recently, four NPAA-containing cyclic hexapeptides, longicatenamides A-D, were isolated using a combined-culture strategy. Based on in silico analysis, we discovered their putative biosynthetic gene cluster (lon) and proposed a possible biosynthetic mechanism. Surprisingly, the lon22 gene encodes an atypical arginine dihydrolase, which can also catalyze the hydrolysis of citrulline to ornithine. Phylogenetic analysis showed that Lon22-like proteins form a novel clade that is separated from other guanidine-modifying enzymes. After rational design, the catalytic efficiencies of a Lon22 Y80F mutant for arginine and citrulline substrates were 2.31- and 4.70-fold that of the wild-type (WT), respectively. In addition, characterization of the Lon20-A4 adenylation domain suggested that it can incorporate both ornithine and lysine into the final products.	1
Title: Reconstitution of a Highly Reducing Type II PKS System Reveals 6π-Electrocyclization Is Required for o-Dialkylbenzene Biosynthesis Abstract: Natural products containing an o-dialkylbenzene moiety exhibit a wide variety of bioactivities, including antibacterial, antifungal, antitumor, and antiangiogenic activities. However, the biosynthetic scheme of the o-dialkylbenzene moiety remains unclear. In this study, we identified the biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) of compounds 1 and 2 in Streptomyces sp. SANK 60404, which contains a rare o-dialkylbenzene moiety, and successfully reconstituted the biosynthesis of 1 using 22 recombinant enzymes in vitro. Our study established a biosynthetic route for the o-tolyl group within the o-dialkylbenzene moiety, where the triene intermediate 3 loaded onto a unique acyl carrier protein (ACP) is elongated by a specific ketosynthase-chain length factor pair of a type II polyketide synthase system with the aid of a putative isomerase to be termed "electrocyclase" and a thioesterase-like enzyme in the BGC. The C2-elongated all-trans diketo-triene intermediate is subsequently isomerized to the 6Z configuration by the electrocyclase to allow intramolecular 6π-electrocyclization, followed by coenzyme FAD/FMN-dependent dehydrogenation. Bioinformatics analysis showed that the key genes are all conserved in BGCs of natural products containing an o-dialkylbenzene moiety, suggesting that the proposed biosynthetic scheme is a common strategy to form o-dialkylbenzenes in nature.	1
Title: Identification and Characterization of Mycemycin Biosynthetic Gene Clusters in Streptomyces olivaceus FXJ8.012 and Streptomyces sp. FXJ1.235 Abstract: Mycemycins A-E are new members of the dibenzoxazepinone (DBP) family, derived from the gntR gene-disrupted deep sea strain Streptomyces olivaceus FXJ8.012Δ1741 and the soil strain Streptomyces sp. FXJ1.235. In this paper, we report the identification of the gene clusters and pathways' inference for mycemycin biosynthesis in the two strains. Bioinformatics analyses of the genome sequences of S. olivaceus FXJ8.012Δ1741 and S. sp. FXJ1.235 predicted two divergent mycemycin gene clusters, mym and mye, respectively. Heterologous expression of the key enzyme genes of mym and genetic manipulation of mye as well as a feeding study in S. sp. FXJ1.235 confirmed the gene clusters and led to the proposed biosynthetic pathways for mycemycins. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on DBP biosynthetic gene clusters and pathways.	1
Title: Analysis of the Indole Diterpene Gene Cluster for Biosynthesis of the Epoxy-Janthitrems in Epichloë Endophytes Abstract: Epoxy-janthitrems are a class of indole diterpenes with structural similarity to lolitrem B. Two taxa of asexual Epichloë endophytes have been reported to produce epoxy-janthitrems, LpTG-3 (Lolium perenne Taxonomic Group 3; e.g., NEA12) and LpTG-4 (e.g., E1). Epichloë epoxy-janthitrems are not well understood, the biosynthetic pathway and associated gene complement have not been described and while the literature suggests they are associated with superior protection against pasture insect pests and are tremorgenic in grazing mammals, these properties have not been confirmed using isolated and purified compounds. Whole genome sequence analysis was used to identify candidate genes for epoxy-janthitrem biosynthesis that are unique to epoxy-janthitrem producing strains of Epichloë. A gene, jtmD, was identified with homology to aromatic prenyl transferases involved in synthesis of indole diterpenes. The location of the epoxy-janthitrem biosynthesis gene cluster (JTM locus) was determined in the assembled nuclear genomes of NEA12 and E1. The JTM locus contains cluster 1 and cluster 2 of the lolitrem B biosynthesis gene cluster (LTM locus), as well as four genes jtmD, jtmO, jtm01, and jtm02 that are unique to Epichloë spp. that produce epoxy-janthitrems. Expression of each of the genes identified was confirmed using transcriptome analysis of perennial ryegrass-NEA12 and perennial ryegrass-E1 symbiota. Sequence analysis confirmed the genes are functionally similar to those involved in biosynthesis of related indole diterpene compounds. RNAi silencing of jtmD and in planta assessment in host-endophyte associations confirms the role of jtmD in epoxy-janthitrem production. Using LCMS/MS technologies, a biosynthetic pathway for the production of epoxy-janthitrems I-IV in Epichloë endophytes is proposed.	1
Title: Isolation of a gene cluster from Armillaria gallica for the synthesis of armillyl orsellinate-type sesquiterpenoids Abstract: Melleolides and armillyl orsellinates are protoilludene-type aryl esters that are synthesized exclusively by parasitic fungi of the globally distributed genus Armillaria (Agaricomycetes, Physalacriaceae). Several of these compounds show potent antimicrobial and cytotoxic activities, making them promising leads for the development of new antibiotics or drugs for the treatment of cancer. We recently cloned and characterized the Armillaria gallica gene Pro1 encoding protoilludene synthase, a sesquiterpene cyclase catalyzing the pathway-committing step to all protoilludene-type aryl esters. Fungal enzymes representing secondary metabolic pathways are sometimes encoded by gene clusters, so we hypothesized that the missing steps in the pathway to melleolides and armillyl orsellinates might be identified by cloning the genes surrounding Pro1. Here we report the isolation of an A. gallica gene cluster encoding protoilludene synthase and four cytochrome P450 monooxygenases. Heterologous expression and functional analysis resulted in the identification of protoilludene-8α-hydroxylase, which catalyzes the first committed step in the armillyl orsellinate pathway. This confirms that ∆-6-protoilludene is a precursor for the synthesis of both melleolides and armillyl orsellinates, but the two pathways already branch at the level of the first oxygenation step. Our results provide insight into the synthesis of these valuable natural products and pave the way for their production by metabolic engineering. KEY POINTS: • Protoilludene-type aryl esters are bioactive metabolites produced by Armillaria spp. • The pathway-committing step to these compounds is catalyzed by protoilludene synthase. • We characterized CYP-type enzymes in the cluster and identified novel intermediates.	1
Title: Complementary Genomic, Bioinformatics, and Chemical Approaches Facilitate the Absolute Structure Assignment of Ionostatin, a Linear Polyketide from a Rare Marine-Derived Actinomycete Abstract: A new linear type-1 polyketide, ionostatin (1), has been fully defined using a combined genomic and bioinformatics approach coupled with confirmatory chemical analyses. The 41 carbon-containing polyether is the product of the 101 kbp ion biosynthetic cluster containing seven modular type-1 polyketide synthases. Ionostatin is composed of 15 chiral centers that were proposed using the stereospecificities installed by the different classes of ketoreductases and enoylreductases and confirmed by rigorous NMR analyses. Incorporated into the structure are two tetrahydrofuran rings that appear to be the product of stereospecific epoxidation, followed by stereospecific ring opening and cyclization. These transformations are proposed to be catalyzed by conserved enzymes analogous to those found in other bacterial-derived polyether biosynthetic clusters. Ionostatin shows moderate cancer cell cytotoxicity against U87 glioblastoma and SKOV3 ovarian carcinoma at 7.4 μg/mL.	1
Title: C-Methylation of S-adenosyl-L-Methionine Occurs Prior to Cyclopropanation in the Biosynthesis of 1-Amino-2-Methylcyclopropanecarboxylic Acid (Norcoronamic Acid) in a Bacterium Abstract: Many pharmacologically important peptides are bacterial or fungal in origin and contain nonproteinogenic amino acid (NPA) building blocks. Recently, it was reported that, in bacteria, a cyclopropane-containing NPA 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid (ACC) is produced from the L-methionine moiety of S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) by non-canonical ACC-forming enzymes. On the other hand, it has been suggested that a monomethylated ACC analogue, 2-methyl-ACC (MeACC), is derived from L-valine. Therefore, we have investigated the MeACC biosynthesis by identifying a gene cluster containing bacterial MeACC synthase genes. In this gene cluster, we identified two genes, orf29 and orf30, which encode a cobalamin (B12)-dependent radical SAM methyltransferase and a bacterial ACC synthase, respectively, and were found to be involved in the MeACC biosynthesis. In vitro analysis using their recombinant enzymes (rOrf29 and rOrf30) further revealed that the ACC structure of MeACC was derived from the L-methionine moiety of SAM, rather than L-valine. In addition, rOrf29 was found to catalyze the C-methylation of the L-methionine moiety of SAM. The resulting methylated derivative of SAM was then converted into MeACC by rOrf30. Thus, we demonstrate that C-methylation of SAM occurs prior to cyclopropanation in the biosynthesis of a bacterial MeACC (norcoronamic acid).	1
Title: Characterization of inthomycin biosynthetic gene cluster revealing new insights into carboxamide formation Abstract: Inthomycins are polyketide antibiotics which contain a terminal carboxamide group and a triene chain. Inthomycin B (1) and its two new analogues 2 and 3 were isolated from the crude extract of Streptomyces pactum L8. Identification of the gene cluster for inthomycin biosynthesis as well as the 15N-labeled glycine incorporation into inthomycins are described. Combined with the gene deletion of the rare P450 domain in the NRPS module, a formation mechanism of carboxamide moiety in inthomycins was proposed via an oxidative release of the assembly chain assisted by the P450 domain.	1
Title: In vitro Cas9-assisted editing of modular polyketide synthase genes to produce desired natural product derivatives Abstract: One major bottleneck in natural product drug development is derivatization, which is pivotal for fine tuning lead compounds. A promising solution is modifying the biosynthetic machineries of middle molecules such as macrolides. Although intense studies have established various methodologies for protein engineering of type I modular polyketide synthase(s) (PKSs), the accurate targeting of desired regions in the PKS gene is still challenging due to the high sequence similarity between its modules. Here, we report an innovative technique that adapts in vitro Cas9 reaction and Gibson assembly to edit a target region of the type I modular PKS gene. Proof-of-concept experiments using rapamycin PKS as a template show that heterologous expression of edited biosynthetic gene clusters produced almost all the desired derivatives. Our results are consistent with the promiscuity of modular PKS and thus, our technique will provide a platform to generate rationally designed natural product derivatives for future drug development.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression of a Cryptic Giant Type I PKS Gene Cluster Leads to the Production of Ansaseomycin Abstract: Genome mining of the marine Streptomyces seoulensis A01 enabled the identification of a giant type I polyketide synthase gene cluster ( asm). Heterologous expression of the cryptic asm cluster using a bacterial artificial chromosome vector in heterologous host led to the production of ansaseomycins A (1) and B (2). A plausible biosynthetic pathway was also proposed. Additionally, compounds 1 and 2 are active against K562 cell lines with IC50 values of 13.3 and 18.1 μM, respectively.	1
Title: Discovery of Venturicidin Congeners and Identification of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster from Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-4 Abstract: Chemical screening of Streptomyces sp. NRRL S-4 with liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) and the following chromatographic isolation led to the discovery of four 20-membered macrolides, venturicidin A (4) and three new congeners venturicidins D-F (1-3). Genome sequencing of strain S-4 revealed the presence of a biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) encoding glycosylated type I polyketides (PKS). The BGC designated to venturicidin biosynthesis (ven) was supported by the proposed biosynthetic pathway and confirmed by inactivation of the core PKS gene of venK. Bioinformatic analyses on the conserved motifs and known stereospecificities in PKS modules are consistent with the structure and absolute configuration. This is the first report of venturicidin BGC since the discovery of the macrolide in 1961. In the biological assays, venturicidin A (4) and E (2) displayed a high selective cytotoxicity against acute monocytic leukemia MV-4-11 cells with IC50 values of 0.09 and 0.94 μM, respectively. Venturicidin A (4) also showed a weak inhibitory activity on FMS-like-tyrosine kinase.	1
Title: Antibiotic-producing symbionts dynamically transition between plant pathogenicity and insect-defensive mutualism Abstract: Pathogenic and mutualistic bacteria associated with eukaryotic hosts often lack distinctive genomic features, suggesting regular transitions between these lifestyles. Here we present evidence supporting a dynamic transition from plant pathogenicity to insect-defensive mutualism in symbiotic Burkholderia gladioli bacteria. In a group of herbivorous beetles, these symbionts protect the vulnerable egg stage against detrimental microbes. The production of a blend of antibiotics by B. gladioli, including toxoflavin, caryoynencin and two new antimicrobial compounds, the macrolide lagriene and the isothiocyanate sinapigladioside, likely mediate this defensive role. In addition to vertical transmission, these insect symbionts can be exchanged via the host plant and retain the ability to initiate systemic plant infection at the expense of the plant's fitness. Our findings provide a paradigm for the transition between pathogenic and mutualistic lifestyles and shed light on the evolution and chemical ecology of this defensive mutualism.	1
Title: Redox Modifications in the Biosynthesis of Alchivemycin A Enable the Formation of Its Key Pharmacophore Abstract: Redox enzymes play a critical role in transforming nascent scaffolds into structurally complex and biologically active natural products. Alchivemycin A (AVM, 1) is a highly oxidized polycyclic compound with potent antimicrobial activity and features a rare 2H-tetrahydro-4,6-dioxo-1,2-oxazine (TDO) ring system. The scaffold of AVM has previously been shown to be biosynthesized by a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) pathway. In this study, we present a postassembly secondary metabolic network involving six redox enzymes that leads to AVM formation. We characterize this complex redox network using in vivo gene deletions, in vitro biochemical assays, and one-pot enzymatic total synthesis. Importantly, we show that an FAD-dependent monooxygenase catalyzes oxygen insertion into an amide bond to form the key TDO ring in AVM, an unprecedented function of flavoenzymes. We also show that the TDO ring is essential to the antimicrobial activity of AVM, likely through targeting the β-subunit of RNA polymerase. As further evidence, we show that AvmK, a β-subunit of RNA synthase, can confer self-resistance to AVM via target modification. Our findings expand the repertoire of functions of flavoenzymes and provide insight into antimicrobial and biocatalyst development based on AVM.	1
Title: Complete Biosynthetic Pathway of Alazopeptin, a Tripeptide Consisting of Two Molecules of 6-Diazo-5-oxo-l-norleucine and One Molecule of Alanine Abstract: DON (6-diazo-5-oxo-l-norleucine), a diazo-containing amino acid, has been studied for more than 60 years as a potent antitumor agent, but its biosynthesis has not been elucidated. Here we reveal the complete biosynthetic pathway of alazopeptin, the tripeptide Ala-DON-DON, which has antitumor activity, by gene inactivation and in vitro analysis of recombinant enzymes. We also established heterologous production of N-acetyl-DON in Streptomyces albus. DON is synthesized from lysine by three enzymes and converted to alazopeptin by five enzymes and one carrier protein. Most interestingly, transmembrane protein AzpL was indicated to catalyze diazotization using 5-oxolysine and nitrous acid as substrates. Site-directed mutagenesis of AzpL indicated that the hydroxy group of Tyr-93 is important for the diazotization. These findings expand our knowledge of the enzymology of N-N bond formation.	1
Title: Discovery, Biosynthesis, and Heterologous Production of Loonamycin, a Potent Anticancer Indolocarbazole Alkaloid Abstract: Genome mining of an indolocarbazole-type gene cluster from a marine-derived Nocardiopsis flavescens NA01583 strain led to the discovery of three new indolocarbazole alkaloids (1-3). Heterologous expression of the intact loo gene cluster in a surrogate host Streptomyces lividans K4-114 led to the successful production of 3. Notably, compound 1 showed potent cytotoxic activities toward eight cancer cell lines with IC50 values ranging from 41 to 283 nM.	1
Title: Activation and Characterization of Cryptic Gene Cluster: Two Series of Aromatic Polyketides Biosynthesized by Divergent Pathways Abstract: One biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) usually governs the biosynthesis of a series of compounds exhibiting either the same or similar molecular scaffolds. Reported here is a multiplex activation strategy to awaken a cryptic BGC associated with tetracycline polyketides, resulting in the discovery of compounds having different core structures. By constitutively expressing a positive regulator gene in tandem mode, a single BGC directed the biosynthesis of eight aromatic polyketides with two types of frameworks, two pentacyclic isomers and six glycosylated tetracyclines. The proposed biosynthetic pathway, based on systematic gene inactivation and identification of intermediates, employs two sets of tailoring enzymes with a branching point from the same intermediate. These findings not only provide new insights into the role of tailoring enzymes in the diversification of polyketides, but also highlight a reliable strategy for genome mining of natural products.	1
Title: Characterization of the coformycin biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces kaniharaensis Abstract: Coformycin and pentostatin are structurally related N-nucleoside inhibitors of adenosine deaminase characterized by an unusual 1,3-diazepine nucleobase. Herein, the cof gene cluster responsible for coformycin biosynthesis is identified. Reconstitution of the coformycin biosynthetic pathway in vitro demonstrates that it overlaps significantly with the early stages of l-histidine biosynthesis. Committed entry into the coformycin pathway takes place via conversion of a shared branch point intermediate to 8-ketocoformycin-[Formula: see text]-monophosphate catalyzed by CofB, which is a homolog of succinylaminoimidazolecarboxamide ribotide (SAICAR) synthetase. This reaction appears to proceed via a Dieckmann cyclization and a retro-aldol elimination, releasing ammonia and D-erythronate-4-phosphate as coproducts. Completion of coformycin biosynthesis involves reduction and dephosphorylation of the CofB product, with the former reaction being catalyzed by the NADPH-dependent dehydrogenase CofA. CofB also shows activation by adenosine triphosphate (ATP) despite the reaction requiring neither a phosphorylated nor an adenylated intermediate. This may serve to help regulate metabolic partitioning between the l-histidine and coformycin pathways.	1
Title: Essential role of the iron-regulated outer membrane receptor FauA in alcaligin siderophore-mediated iron uptake in Bordetella species Abstract: Phenotypic analysis using heterologous host systems localized putative Bordetella pertussis ferric alcaligin transport genes and Fur-binding sequences to a 3.8-kb genetic region downstream from the alcR regulator gene. Nucleotide sequencing identified a TonB-dependent receptor family homolog gene, fauA, predicted to encode a polypeptide with high amino acid sequence similarity with known bacterial ferric siderophore receptors. In Escherichia coli, the fauA genes of both B. pertussis and Bordetella bronchiseptica directed the production of a 79-kDa polypeptide, approximating the predicted size of the mature FauA protein. B. bronchiseptica fauA insertion mutant BRM17 was unable to utilize ferric alcaligin, and in complementation analyses ferric alcaligin utilization was restored to this mutant by supplying the wild-type fauA gene in trans. Mutant BRM18, carrying a nonpolar in-frame fauA deletion mutation, was defective in ferric alcaligin utilization and (55)Fe-ferric alcaligin uptake and no longer produced a 79-kDa iron-regulated outer membrane protein. In complementation analyses, BRM18 merodiploids bearing the wild-type fauA gene in trans regained ferric alcaligin siderophore transport and utilization functions and produced the 79-kDa protein. Analysis of a plasmid-borne fauA-lacZ operon fusion confirmed that fauA is subject to iron regulation at the transcriptional level and that cis-acting transcriptional control elements mediating fauA iron repressibility reside within the 3.8-kb PstI fauA DNA region. Moreover, expression of the fauA-lacZ fusion gene under iron starvation conditions was shown to be alcR dependent. FauA is a 79-kDa iron-regulated outer membrane receptor protein required for transport and utilization of ferric alcaligin siderophore complexes by Bordetella species.	1
Title: Structure determination of a siderophore peucechelin from Streptomyces peucetius Abstract: Previously, Park et al. isolated a new siderophore from Streptomyces peucetius ATCC 27952 based on information of the genome sequence and the structure of the siderophore was deduced to be a cyclic peptide based on MS/MS analysis. To clarify the structure of the siderophore, we cultured S. peucetius with iron deficient medium. Through several chromatographic procedures, the siderophore named peucechelin was isolated with the yield enough to perform NMR experiments. The planar structure of peucechelin was elucidated by the combination of ESI-MS experiment and NMR spectroscopic analyses of the gallium (III) complex. Unlike the previously deduced cyclic structure, the structure was determined to be a linear peptide which was similar to a known siderophore foroxymithine. The stereochemistries of amino acids constituting peucechelin were determined by applying modified Marfey method to the hydrolysate. Since the biosynthetic gene of peucechelin was formerly determined by Park et al. the similar genes were searched using genome data of other streptomycetes. As a result, the similar genes were found in the genome data of S. venezuelae and S. purpureus. Isolation and identification of siderophore was performed from the iron deficient culture of S. venezuelae. The siderophore of S. venezuelae was identified to be known compound foroxymithine by analysis ESI-MS and NMR spectra in the similar manner with peucechelin. Production of foroxymithine was also observed in the iron deficient culture of S. purpureus. Based on the genome data, comparison of the biosynthetic genes of structurally related siderophores peucechelin and foroxymithine was accomplished in discussion.	1
Title: The anguibactin biosynthesis and transport genes are encoded in the chromosome of Vibrio harveyi: a possible evolutionary origin for the pJM1 plasmid-encoded system of Vibrio anguillarum? Abstract: Many Vibrio anguillarum serotype O1 strains carry 65-kb pJM1-type plasmids harboring genes involved in siderophore anguibactin biosynthesis and transport. The anguibactin system is an essential factor for V. anguillarum to survive under iron-limiting conditions, and as a consequence, it is a very important virulence factor of this bacterium. Our comparative analysis of genomic data identified a cluster harboring homologs of anguibactin biosynthesis and transport genes in the chromosome of Vibrio harveyi. We have purified the putative anguibactin siderophore and demonstrated that it is indeed anguibactin by mass spectrometry and specific bioassays. Furthermore, we characterized two genes, angR and fatA, in this chromosome cluster that, respectively, participate in anguibactin biosynthesis and transport as determined by mutagenesis analysis. Furthermore, we found that the V. harveyi FatA protein is located in the outer membrane fractions as previously demonstrated in V. anguillarum. Based on our data, we propose that the anguibactin biosynthesis and transport cluster in the V. anguillarum pJM1 plasmid have likely evolved from the chromosome cluster of V. harveyi or vice versa.	1
Title: A suite of asymmetric citrate siderophores isolated from a marine Shewanella species Abstract: Woodybactins A-D are a suite of new fatty acyl siderophores produced by the luminous marine bacterium Shewanella woodyi MS32. While this bacterium has a set of genes homologous to the biosynthetic gene cluster for aerobactin, aerobactin is not produced. The arrangement of these genes within the genome differs in S. woodyi MS32 when compared to E. coli and other species producing siderophores similar to aerobactin, and one synthetase gene which would append a second acyl-hydroxylysine to the terminal carboxylate of citrate is not functional. Within the suite of woodybactins A-D, which differ by the fatty acid appendage, one contains an unusual C9 (9:0) fatty acid and one contains a unique branched C9 iso (9:0 iso) fatty acid, as well as a C8 (8:0) and C10 (10:0) fatty acid.	1
Title: Discovery and Characterization of New Hydroxamate Siderophores, Baumannoferrin A and B, produced by Acinetobacter baumannii Abstract: Acinetobacter baumannii AYE does not produce acinetobactin but grows under iron limitation. Accordingly, analyses of AYE iron-restricted culture supernatants resulted in the isolation of two fractions, which contained only hydroxamates and showed siderophore activity. Structural analyses identified baumannoferrin A and baumannoferrin B, which differ only by a double bond. These siderophores are composed of citrate, 1,3-diaminopropane, 2,4-diaminobutyrate, decenoic acid, and α-ketoglutarate. Analysis of the AYE genome showed the presence of a 12-gene cluster coding for proteins similar to those involved in the production and utilization of the hydroxamate siderophores acinetoferrin and achromobactin. As A. baumannii AYE does not produce acinetobactin and harbors only one gene cluster encoding the production and utilization of a siderophore, this strain's growth under iron limitation depends on baumannoferrin, a novel hydroxamate that could play a role in its virulence.	1
Title: Precursor-directed biosynthesis of catechol compounds in Acinetobacter bouvetii DSM 14964 Abstract: Genome mining for VibH homologs reveals several species of Acinetobacter with a gene cluster that putatively encodes the biosynthesis of catechol siderophores with an amine core. A. bouvetii DSM 14964 produces three novel biscatechol siderophores: propanochelin (1), butanochelin (2), and pentanochelin (3). This strain has a relaxed specificity for the amine substrate, allowing for the biosynthesis of a variety of non-natural siderophore analogs by precursor directed biosynthesis. Of potential synthetic utility, A. bouvetii DSM 14964 condenses 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid (2,3-DHB) to allylamine and propargylamine, producing catecholic compounds which bind iron(iii) and may be further modified via thiol-ene or azide-alkyne click chemistry.	1
Title: Gene cluster for ferric iron uptake in Agrobacterium tumefaciens MAFF301001 Abstract: Agrobacterium tumefaciens harboring a Ti plasmid causes crown gall disease in dicot plants by transferring its T-DNA into plant chromosomes. Iron acquisition plays an important role for pathogenicity in animal pathogens and several phytopathogens and for growth in the rhizosphere and on plant surfaces. Under iron-limiting condition, bacteria produce various iron-chelating agents called siderophores. Agrobacterium strains have the diversity in producing siderophores and a certain strain produces a typical catechol-type siderophore, called agrobactin, although its biosynthesis genes have not been analyzed yet. Here we describe the cloning and characterization of a functional gene cluster involved in ferric iron uptake in A. tumefaciens strain MAFF301001. Four complete open reading frames (ORFs) were found in 5-kb region of a genomic library clone 1A3. We named these genes agb, after agrobactin. agbC, agbE, agbB and agbA genes were identified in this order, and narrow intergenic spaces suggested that these genes constitute an operon. Predicted agb gene products and their phylogenetic analysis showed sequence similarity with enzymes which are involved in ferric iron uptake in other bacteria. Southern hybridization analysis clearly indicated the location of agb genes on the linear chromosome in strain MAFF301001 but the complete lack in another A. tumefaciens strain C58. Mutation analysis of agbB revealed that it is essential for growth and production of catechol compounds in iron-limiting medium.	1
Title: Pseudomonas fluorescens CHA0 produces enantio-pyochelin, the optical antipode of the Pseudomonas aeruginosa siderophore pyochelin Abstract: The siderophore pyochelin is made by a thiotemplate mechanism from salicylate and two molecules of cysteine. In Pseudomonas aeruginosa, the first cysteine residue is converted to its D-isoform during thiazoline ring formation whereas the second cysteine remains in its L-configuration, thus determining the stereochemistry of the two interconvertible pyochelin diastereoisomers as 4'R, 2''R, 4''R (pyochelin I) and 4'R, 2''S, 4''R (pyochelin II). Pseudomonas fluorescens CHA0 was found to make a different stereoisomeric mixture, which promoted growth under iron limitation in strain CHA0 and induced the expression of its biosynthetic genes, but was not recognized as a siderophore and signaling molecule by P. aeruginosa. Reciprocally, pyochelin promoted growth and induced pyochelin gene expression in P. aeruginosa, but was not functional in P. fluorescens. The structure of the CHA0 siderophore was determined by mass spectrometry, thin-layer chromatography, NMR, polarimetry, and chiral HPLC as enantio-pyochelin, the optical antipode of the P. aeruginosa siderophore pyochelin. Enantio-pyochelin was chemically synthesized and confirmed to be active in CHA0. Its potential biosynthetic pathway in CHA0 is discussed.	1
Title: Enterobactin: an archetype for microbial iron transport Abstract: Bacteria have aggressive acquisition processes for iron, an essential nutrient. Siderophores are small iron chelators that facilitate cellular iron transport. The siderophore enterobactin is a triscatechol derivative of a cyclic triserine lactone. Studies of the chemistry, regulation, synthesis, recognition, and transport of enterobactin make it perhaps the best understood of the siderophore-mediated iron uptake systems, displaying a lot of function packed into this small molecule. However, recent surprises include the isolation of corynebactin, a closely related trithreonine triscatechol derivative lactone first found in Gram-positive bacteria, and the crystal structure of a ferric enterobactin complex of a protein identified as an antibacterial component of the human innate immune system.	1
Title: Cryptic Sulfur Incorporation in Thioangucycline Biosynthesis Abstract: Sulfur incorporation into natural products is a critical area of biosynthetic studies. Recently, a subset of sulfur-containing angucyclines has been discovered, and yet, the sulfur incorporation step is poorly understood. In this work, a series of thioether-bridged angucyclines were discovered, and a cryptic epoxide Michael acceptor intermediate was revealed en route to thioangucyclines (TACs) A and B. However, systematic gene deletion of the biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) by CRISPR/Cas9 could not identify any gene responsible for the conversion of the epoxide intermediate to TACs. Instead, a series of in vitro and in vivo experiments conclusively showed that the conversion is the result of two non-enzymatic steps, possibly mediated by endogenous hydrogen sulfide. Therefore, the TACs are proposed to derive from a detoxification process. These results are expected to contribute to the study of both angucyclines and the utilization of inorganic sulfur in natural product biosynthesis.	1
Title: Genome mining of novel rubiginones from Streptomyces sp. CB02414 and characterization of the post-PKS modification steps in rubiginone biosynthesis Abstract: Background:                       Rubiginones belong to the angucycline family of aromatic polyketides, and they have been shown to potentiate the vincristine (VCR)-induced cytotoxicity against VCR-resistant cancer cell lines. However, the biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) and biosynthetic pathways for rubiginones have not been reported yet.                  Results:                       In this study, based on bioinformatics analysis of the genome of Streptomyces sp. CB02414, we predicted the functions of the two type II polyketide synthases (PKSs) BGCs. The rub gene cluster was predicted to encode metabolites of the angucycline family. Scale-up fermentation of the CB02414 wild-type strain led to the discovery of eight rubiginones, including five new ones (rubiginones J, K, L, M, and N). Rubiginone J was proposed to be the final product of the rub gene cluster, which features extensive oxidation on the A-ring of the angucycline skeleton. Based on the production profiles of the CB02414 wild-type and the mutant strains, we proposed a biosynthetic pathway for the rubiginones in CB02414.                  Conclusions:                       A genome mining strategy enabled the efficient discovery of new rubiginones from Streptomyces sp. CB02414. Based on the isolated biosynthetic intermediates, a plausible biosynthetic pathway for the rubiginones was proposed. Our research lays the foundation for further studies on the mechanism of the cytochrome P450-catalyzed oxidation of angucyclines and for the generation of novel angucyclines using combinatorial biosynthesis strategies.	1
Title: Characterization of Miharamycin Biosynthesis Reveals a Hybrid NRPS-PKS to Synthesize High-Carbon Sugar from a Complex Nucleoside Abstract: Miharamycins are peptidyl nucleoside antibiotics with a unique branched C9 pyranosyl amino acid core and a rare 2-aminopurine moiety. Inactivation of 19 genes in the biosynthetic gene cluster and identification of several unexpected intermediates suggest an alternative biosynthetic pathway, which is further supported by feeding experiments and in vitro characterization of an unusual adenylation domain recognizing a complex nucleoside derivative as the substrate. These results thereby provide an unprecedented biosynthetic route of high-carbon sugar catalyzed by atypical hybrid nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Chlorinated Lactylates in Sphaerospermopsis sp. LEGE 00249 Abstract: Lactylates are an important group of molecules in the food and cosmetic industries. A series of natural halogenated 1-lactylates, chlorosphaerolactylates (1-4), were recently reported from Sphaerospermopsis sp. LEGE 00249. Here, we identify the cly biosynthetic gene cluster, containing all the necessary functionalities for the biosynthesis of the natural lactylates, based on in silico analyses. Using a combination of stable isotope incorporation experiments and bioinformatic analysis, we propose that dodecanoic acid and pyruvate are the key building blocks in the biosynthesis of 1-4. We additionally report minor analogues of these molecules with varying alkyl chains. This work paves the way to accessing industrially relevant lactylates through pathway engineering.	1
Title: Halogenation-Guided Chemical Screening Provides Insight into Tjipanazole Biosynthesis by the Cyanobacterium Fischerella ambigua Abstract: Halogenated natural products (HNPs) show a wide range of interesting biological activities. Chemistry-guided screening with a software tool dedicated to identifying halogenated compounds in HPLC-MS data indicated the presence of several uncharacterised HNPs in an extract of the cyanobacterium Fischerella ambigua (Näg.) Gomont 108b. Three new natural products, tjipanazoles K, L, and M, were isolated from this strain together with the known tjipanazoles D and I. Taking into account the structures of all tjipanazole derivatives detected in this strain, reanalysis of the tjipanazole biosynthetic gene cluster allowed us to propose a biosynthetic pathway for the tjipanazoles. As the isolated tjipanazoles show structural similarity to arcyriaflavin A, an inhibitor of the clinically relevant multidrug-transporter ABCG2 overexpressed by different cancer cell lines, the isolated compounds were tested for ABCG2 inhibitory activity. Only tjipanazole K showed appreciable transporter inhibition, whereas the compounds lacking the pyrrolo[3,4-c] ring or featuring additional chloro substituents were found to be much less active.	1
Title: Putative identification of the usnic acid biosynthetic gene cluster by de novo whole-genome sequencing of a lichen-forming fungus Abstract: To identify the biosynthetic gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of the polyketide usnic acid we carried out the de novo genome sequencing of the fungal partner of Cladonia uncialis. This was followed by comprehensive in silico annotation of polyketide synthase (PKS) genes. The biosynthesis of usnic acid requires a non-reducing PKS possessing a carbon methylation (CMeT) domain, a terminal Claisen cyclase (CLC) domain, and an accompanying oxidative enzyme that dimerizes methylphloracetophenone to usnic acid. Of the 32 candidate PKS genes identified in the mycobiont genome, only one was identified as consistent with these biosynthetic requirements. This gene cluster contains two genes encoding a non-reducing PKS and a cytochrome p450, which have been respectively named methylphloracetophenone synthase (MPAS) and methylphloracetophenone oxidase (MPAO). Both mpas and mpao were demonstrated to be transcriptionally active by reverse transcriptase-PCR of the mRNA in a lichen sample that was observed by HPLC to produce usnic acid. Phylogenetic analysis of the bioinformatically identified ketosynthase (KS) and CLC domains of MPAS demonstrated that mpas grouped within a unique clade and that mpas could be used as a phylogenetic probe to identify other MPAS genes.	1
Title: Shared PKS Module in Biosynthesis of Synergistic Laxaphycins Abstract: Cyanobacteria produce a wide range of lipopeptides that exhibit potent membrane-disrupting activities. Laxaphycins consist of two families of structurally distinct macrocyclic lipopeptides that act in a synergistic manner to produce antifungal and antiproliferative activities. Laxaphycins are produced by range of cyanobacteria but their biosynthetic origins remain unclear. Here, we identified the biosynthetic pathways responsible for the biosynthesis of the laxaphycins produced by Scytonema hofmannii PCC 7110. We show that these laxaphycins, called scytocyclamides, are produced by this cyanobacterium and are encoded in a single biosynthetic gene cluster with shared polyketide synthase enzymes initiating two distinct non-ribosomal peptide synthetase pathways. The unusual mechanism of shared enzymes synthesizing two distinct types of products may aid future research in identifying and expressing natural product biosynthetic pathways and in expanding the known biosynthetic logic of this important family of natural products.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Bis-Prenylated Alkaloids Muscoride A and B Abstract: Prenylation is a common step in the biosynthesis of many natural products and plays an important role in increasing their structural diversity and enhancing biological activity. Muscoride A is a linear peptide alkaloid that contain two contiguous oxazoles and unusual prenyl groups that protect the amino- and carboxy-termini. Here we identified the 12.7 kb muscoride (mus) biosynthetic gene clusters from Nostoc spp. PCC 7906 and UHCC 0398. The mus biosynthetic gene clusters encode enzymes for the heterocyclization, oxidation, and prenylation of the MusE precursor protein. The mus biosynthetic gene clusters encode two copies of the cyanobactin prenyltransferase, MusF1 and MusF2. The predicted tetrapeptide substrate of MusF1 and MusF2 was synthesized through a novel tandem cyclization route in only eight steps. Biochemical assays demonstrated that MusF1 acts on the carboxy-terminus while MusF2 acts on the amino-terminus of the tetrapeptide substrate. We show that the MusF2 enzyme catalyzes the reverse or forward prenylation of amino-termini from Nostoc spp. PCC 7906 and UHCC 0398, respectively. This finding expands the regiospecific chemical functionality of cyanobactin prenyltransferases and the chemical diversity of the cyanobactin family of natural products to include bis-prenylated polyoxazole linear peptides.	1
Title: Genome-Mining-Based Discovery of the Cyclic Peptide Tolypamide and TolF, a Ser/Thr Forward O-Prenyltransferase Abstract: Cyanobactins comprise a widespread group of peptide metabolites produced by cyanobacteria that are often diversified by post-translational prenylation. Several enzymes have been identified in cyanobactin biosynthetic pathways that carry out chemically diverse prenylation reactions, representing a resource for the discovery of post-translational alkylating agents. Here, genome mining was used to identify orphan cyanobactin prenyltransferases, leading to the isolation of tolypamide from the freshwater cyanobacterium Tolypothrix sp. The structure of tolypamide was confirmed by spectroscopic methods, degradation, and enzymatic total synthesis. Tolypamide is forward-prenylated on a threonine residue, representing an unprecedented post-translational modification. Biochemical characterization of the cognate enzyme TolF revealed a prenyltransferase with strict selectivity for forward O-prenylation of serine or threonine but with relaxed substrate selectivity for flanking peptide sequences. Since cyanobactin pathways often exhibit exceptionally broad substrate tolerance, these enzymes represent robust tools for synthetic biology.	1
Title: Bioinformatic Mapping of Opine-Like Zincophore Biosynthesis in Bacteria Abstract: Zinc is an essential nutrient in biological systems due to its structural or catalytic requirement in proteins involved in diverse cellular processes. To meet this cellular demand, microbes must acquire sufficient zinc from their environment. However, many environments have low zinc availability. One of the mechanisms used by bacteria to acquire zinc is through the production of small molecules known as zincophores. Similar to bacterial siderophores used for iron uptake, zincophores are synthesized by the bacterium and exported and then reimported as zincophore-zinc complexes. Thus far, only four zincophores have been described, including two from the human pathogens Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, in which they play a critical role in zinc acquisition during infection, and one in a soil bacterium. To determine what other microbes may produce zincophores, we used bioinformatic analyses to identify new zincophore biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) and predict the diversity of molecules synthesized. Genome neighborhood network analysis identified approximately 250 unique zincophore-producing species from actinobacteria, firmicutes, proteobacteria, and fusobacteria. This indicates that zincophores are produced by diverse bacteria that inhabit a broad range of ecological niches. Many of the BGCs likely produce characterized zincophores, based on similarity to the characterized systems. However, this analysis also identified numerous BGCs that, based on the colocalization of additional modifying enzymes and sequence divergence of the biosynthetic enzymes, are likely to produce unique zincophores. Collectively, these findings provide a comprehensive understanding of the zincophore biosynthetic landscape that will be invaluable for future research on these important small molecules.IMPORTANCE Bacteria must acquire essential nutrients, including zinc, from their environment. For bacterial pathogens, this necessitates overcoming the host metal-withholding response known as nutritional immunity. A novel type of zinc uptake mechanism that involves the bacterial production of a small zinc-scavenging molecule was recently described in the human pathogens Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Yersinia pestis, as well as the soil-associated bacterium Paenibacillus mucilaginosus This suggests that zincophores may be important for zinc acquisition in diverse environments. In this study, we sought to identify other zincophore-producing bacteria using bioinformatics. We identified almost 250 unique zincophore-producing species, including human and animal pathogens, as well as isolates from soil, rhizosphere, plant, and marine habitats. Crucially, we observed diversity at the amino acid and gene organization levels, suggesting that many of these species are producing unique zincophores. Together, our findings highlight the importance of zincophores for a broad array of bacteria living in diverse environments.	1
Title: Engineering Pseudochelin Production in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: Myxobacteria utilize the catechol natural products myxochelin A and B in order to maintain their iron homeostasis. Recently, the production of these siderophores, along with a new myxochelin derivative named pseudochelin A, was reported for the marine bacterium Pseudoalteromonas piscicida S2040. The latter derivative features a characteristic imidazoline moiety, which was proposed to originate from an intramolecular condensation reaction of the β-aminoethyl amide group in myxochelin B. To identify the enzyme catalyzing this conversion, we compared the myxochelin regulons of two myxobacterial strains that produce solely myxochelin A and B with those of P. piscicida S2040. This approach revealed a gene exclusive to the myxochelin regulon in P. piscicida S2040, coding for an enzyme of the amidohydrolase superfamily. To prove that this enzyme is indeed responsible for the postulated conversion, the reaction was reconstituted in vitro using a hexahistidine-tagged recombinant protein made in Escherichia coli, with myxochelin B as the substrate. To test the production of pseudochelin A under in vivo conditions, the amidohydrolase gene was cloned into the myxobacterial plasmid pZJY156 and placed under the control of a copper-inducible promoter. The resulting vector was introduced into the myxobacterium Myxococcus xanthus DSM 16526, a native producer of myxochelin A and B. Following induction with copper, the myxobacterial expression strain was found to synthesize small quantities of pseudochelin A. Replacement of the copper-inducible promoter with the constitutive pilA promoter led to increased production levels in M. xanthus, which facilitated the isolation and subsequent structural verification of the heterologously produced compound.IMPORTANCE In this study, an enzyme for imidazoline formation in pseudochelin biosynthesis was identified. Evidence for the involvement of this enzyme in the postulated reaction was obtained after in vitro reconstitution. Furthermore, the function of this enzyme was demonstrated in vivo by transferring the corresponding gene into the bacterium Myxococcus xanthus, which thereby became a producer of pseudochelin A. In addition to clarifying the molecular basis of imidazoline formation in siderophore biosynthesis, we describe the heterologous expression of a gene in a myxobacterium without chromosomal integration. Due to its metabolic proficiency, M. xanthus represents an interesting alternative to established host systems for the reconstitution and manipulation of biosynthetic pathways. Since the plasmid used in this study is easily adaptable for the expression of other enzymes as well, we expand the conventional expression strategy for myxobacteria, which is based on the integration of biosynthetic genes into the host genome.	1
Title: Atlas of nonribosomal peptide and polyketide biosynthetic pathways reveals common occurrence of nonmodular enzymes Abstract: Nonribosomal peptides and polyketides are a diverse group of natural products with complex chemical structures and enormous pharmaceutical potential. They are synthesized on modular nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) and polyketide synthase (PKS) enzyme complexes by a conserved thiotemplate mechanism. Here, we report the widespread occurrence of NRPS and PKS genetic machinery across the three domains of life with the discovery of 3,339 gene clusters from 991 organisms, by examining a total of 2,699 genomes. These gene clusters display extraordinarily diverse organizations, and a total of 1,147 hybrid NRPS/PKS clusters were found. Surprisingly, 10% of bacterial gene clusters lacked modular organization, and instead catalytic domains were mostly encoded as separate proteins. The finding of common occurrence of nonmodular NRPS differs substantially from the current classification. Sequence analysis indicates that the evolution of NRPS machineries was driven by a combination of common descent and horizontal gene transfer. We identified related siderophore NRPS gene clusters that encoded modular and nonmodular NRPS enzymes organized in a gradient. A higher frequency of the NRPS and PKS gene clusters was detected from bacteria compared with archaea or eukarya. They commonly occurred in the phyla of Proteobacteria, Actinobacteria, Firmicutes, and Cyanobacteria in bacteria and the phylum of Ascomycota in fungi. The majority of these NRPS and PKS gene clusters have unknown end products highlighting the power of genome mining in identifying novel genetic machinery for the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites.	1
Title: A multifunctional ATP-binding cassette transporter system from Vibrio cholerae transports vibriobactin and enterobactin Abstract: Vibrio cholerae uses the catechol siderophore vibriobactin for iron transport under iron-limiting conditions. We have identified genes for vibriobactin transport and mapped them within the vibriobactin biosynthetic gene cluster. Within this genetic region we have identified four genes, viuP, viuD, viuG and viuC, whose protein products have homology to the periplasmic binding protein, the two integral cytoplasmic membrane proteins, and the ATPase component, respectively, of other iron transport systems. The amino-terminal region of ViuP has homology to a lipoprotein signal sequence, and ViuP could be labeled with [(3)H]palmitic acid. This suggests that ViuP is a membrane lipoprotein. The ViuPDGC system transports both vibriobactin and enterobactin in Escherichia coli. In the same assay, the E. coli enterobactin transport system, FepBDGC, allowed the utilization of enterobactin but not vibriobactin. Although the entire viuPDGC system could complement mutations in fepB, fepD, fepG, or fepC, only viuC was able to independently complement the corresponding fep mutation. This indicates that these proteins usually function as a complex. V. cholerae strains carrying a mutation in viuP or in viuG were constructed by marker exchange. These mutations reduced, but did not completely eliminate, vibriobactin utilization. This suggests that V. cholerae contains genes in addition to viuPDGC that function in the transport of catechol siderophores.	1
Title: Photobactin: a catechol siderophore produced by Photorhabdus luminescens, an entomopathogen mutually associated with Heterorhabditis bacteriophora NC1 nematodes Abstract: The nematode Heterorhabditis bacteriophora transmits a monoculture of Photorhabdus luminescens bacteria to insect hosts, where it requires the bacteria for efficient insect pathogenicity and as a substrate for growth and reproduction. Siderophore production was implicated as being involved in the symbiosis because an ngrA mutant inadequate for supporting nematode growth and reproduction was also deficient in producing siderophore activity and ngrA is homologous to a siderophore biosynthetic gene, entD. The role of the siderophore in the symbiosis with the nematode was determined by isolating and characterizing a mini-Tn5-induced mutant, NS414, producing no detectable siderophore activity. This mutant, being defective for growth in iron-depleted medium, was normal in supporting nematode growth and reproduction, in transmission by the dauer juvenile nematode, and in insect pathogenicity. The mini-Tn5 transposon was inserted into phbH; whose protein product is a putative peptidyl carrier protein homologous to the nonribosomal peptide synthetase VibF of Vibrio cholerae. Other putative siderophore biosynthetic and transport genes flanking phbH were characterized. The catecholate siderophore was purified, its structure was determined to be 2-(2,3-dihydroxyphenyl)-5-methyl-4,5-dihydro-oxazole-4-carboxylic acid [4-(2,3-dihydroxybenzoylamino)-butyl]-amide, and it was given the generic name photobactin. Antibiotic activity was detected with purified photobactin, indicating that the siderophore may contribute to antibiosis of the insect cadaver. These results eliminate the lack of siderophore activity as the cause for the inadequacy of the ngrA mutant in supporting nematode growth and reproduction.	1
Title: Mixing and matching siderophore clusters: structure and biosynthesis of serratiochelins from Serratia sp. V4 Abstract: Interrogation of the evolutionary history underlying the remarkable structures and biological activities of natural products has been complicated by not knowing the functions they have evolved to fulfill. Siderophores-soluble, low molecular weight compounds-have an easily understood and measured function: acquiring iron from the environment. Bacteria engage in a fierce competition to acquire iron, which rewards the production of siderophores that bind iron tightly and cannot be used or pirated by competitors. The structures and biosyntheses of "odd" siderophores can reveal the evolutionary strategy that led to their creation. We report a new Serratia strain that produces serratiochelin and an analog of serratiochelin. A genetic approach located the serratiochelin gene cluster, and targeted mutations in several genes implicated in serratiochelin biosynthesis were generated. Bioinformatic analyses and mutagenesis results demonstrate that genes from two well-known siderophore clusters, the Escherichia coli enterobactin cluster and the Vibrio cholera vibriobactin cluster, were shuffled to produce a new siderophore biosynthetic pathway. These results highlight how modular siderophore gene clusters can be mixed and matched during evolution to generate structural diversity in siderophores.	1
Title: Targeted Discovery of the Polyene Macrolide Hexacosalactone A from Streptomyces by Reporter-Guided Selection of Fermentation Media Abstract: New approaches are still needed to fully explore the biosynthetic potential of microbes. We recently devised a melC reporter-guided fermentation media screening approach for targeted activation of cryptic gene clusters. Using this approach, we successfully activated the expression of the hcl gene cluster in Streptomyces sp. LZ35 and discovered a novel polyene macrolide hexacosalactone A (1).	1
Title: Glycine-derived nitronates bifurcate to O-methylation or denitrification in bacteria Abstract: Natural products with rare functional groups are likely to be constructed by unique biosynthetic enzymes. One such rare functional group is the O-methyl nitronate, which can undergo [3 + 2] cycloaddition reactions with olefins in mild conditions. O-methyl nitronates are found in some natural products; however, how such O-methyl nitronates are assembled biosynthetically is unknown. Here we show that the assembly of the O-methyl nitronate in the natural product enteromycin carboxamide occurs via activation of glycine on a peptidyl carrier protein, followed by reaction with a diiron oxygenase to give a nitronate intermediate and then with a methyltransferase to give an O-methyl nitronate. Guided by the discovery of this pathway, we then identify related cryptic biosynthetic gene cassettes in other bacteria and show that these alternative gene cassettes can, instead, facilitate oxidative denitrification of glycine-derived nitronates. Altogether, our work reveals bifurcating pathways from a central glycine-derived nitronate intermediate in bacteria.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Nuclear Factor of Activated T Cells Inhibitor NFAT-133 in Streptomyces pactum Abstract: NFAT-133 is a Streptomyces-derived aromatic polyketide compound with immunosuppressive, antidiabetic, and antitrypanosomal activities. It inhibits transcription mediated by nuclear factor of activated T cells (NFAT), leading to the suppression of interleukin-2 expression and T cell proliferation. It also activates the AMPK pathway in L6 myotubes and increases glucose uptake. In addition to NFAT-133, a number of its congeners, e.g., panowamycins and benwamycins, have been identified. However, little is known about their modes of formation in the producing organisms. Through genome sequencing of Streptomyces pactum ATCC 27456, gene inactivation, and genetic complementation experiments, the biosynthetic gene cluster of NFAT-133 and its congeners has been identified. The cluster contains a highly disordered genetic organization of type I modular polyketide synthase genes with several genes that are necessary for the formation of the aromatic core unit and tailoring processes. In addition, a number of new analogs of NFAT-133 were isolated and their chemical structures elucidated. It is suggested that the heptaketide NFAT-133 is derived from an octaketide intermediate, TM-123. The current study shows yet another unusual biosynthetic pathway involving a noncanonical polyketide synthase assembly line to produce a group of small molecules with valuable bioactivities.	1
Title: Fungal Epithiodiketopiperazines Carrying α,β-Polysulfide Bridges from Penicillium steckii YE, and Their Chemical Interconversion Abstract: Some fungal epithiodiketopiperazine alkaloids display α,β-polysulfide bridges alongside diverse structural variations. However, the logic of their chemical diversity has rarely been explored. Here, we report the identification of three new (2, 3, 8) and five known (1, 4-7) epithiodiketopiperazines of this subtype from a marine-derived Penicillium sp. The structure elucidation was supported by multiple spectroscopic analyses. Importantly, we observed multiple nonenzymatic interconversions of these analogues in aqueous solutions and organic solvents. Furthermore, the same biosynthetic origin of these compounds was supported by one mined gene cluster. The dominant analogue (1) demonstrated selective cytotoxicity to androgen-sensitive prostate cancer cells and HIF-depleted colorectal cells and mild antiaging activities, linking the bioactivity to oxidative stress. These results provide crucial insight into the formation of fungal epithiodiketopiperazines through chemical interconversions.	1
Title: A Natural Variation of Fumonisin Gene Cluster Associated with Fumonisin Production Difference in Fusarium fujikuroi Abstract: Fusarium fujikuroi, a member of the Fusarium fujikuroi species complex, stands out as a rice bakanae disease pathogen with a high production of gibberellic acid. Not all, but some F. fujikuroi strains are known to produce a carcinogenic mycotoxin fumonisin. Fumonisin biosynthesis is dependent on the FUM cluster composed of 16 FUM genes. The FUM cluster was detected not only from a fumonisin producing strain, but also from a fumonisin nonproducing strain that does not produce a detectable level of fumonisin. Genetic mapping indicated the causative mutation(s) of fumonisin nonproduction is present in the FUM cluster of the fumonisin nonproducing strain. Comparative analyses of FUM genes between the fumonisin producing and the nonproducing strains and gene complementation indicated that causative mutation of fumonisin nonproduction is not a single occurrence and the mutations are distributed in FUM21 and FUM7. Our research revealed a natural variation in the FUM cluster involving fumonisin production difference in F. fujikuroi.	1
Title: Rational construction of genome-reduced Burkholderiales chassis facilitates efficient heterologous production of natural products from proteobacteria Abstract: Heterologous expression of biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) avails yield improvements and mining of natural products, but it is limited by lacking of more efficient Gram-negative chassis. The proteobacterium Schlegelella brevitalea DSM 7029 exhibits potential for heterologous BGC expression, but its cells undergo early autolysis, hindering further applications. Herein, we rationally construct DC and DT series genome-reduced S. brevitalea mutants by sequential deletions of endogenous BGCs and the nonessential genomic regions, respectively. The DC5 to DC7 mutants affect growth, while the DT series mutants show improved growth characteristics with alleviated cell autolysis. The yield improvements of six proteobacterial natural products and successful identification of chitinimides from Chitinimonas koreensis via heterologous expression in DT mutants demonstrate their superiority to wild-type DSM 7029 and two commonly used Gram-negative chassis Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas putida. Our study expands the panel of Gram-negative chassis and facilitates the discovery of natural products by heterologous expression.	1
Title: Nocardiopsistins A-C: New angucyclines with anti-MRSA activity isolated from a marine sponge-derived Nocardiopsis sp. HB-J378 Abstract: Marine natural products have become an increasingly important source of new drug leads during recent years. In an attempt to identify novel anti-microbial natural products by bioprospecting deep-sea Actinobacteria, three new angucyclines, nocardiopsistins A-C, were isolated from Nocardiopsis sp. strain HB-J378. Notably, the supplementation of the rare earth salt Lanthanum chloride (LaCl3) during fermentation of HB-J378 significantly increased the yield of these angucyclines. The structures of nocardiopsistins A-C were identified by 1D and 2D NMR and HR-MS data. Nocardiopsistins A-C have activity against MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) with MICs of 3.12-12.5 μg/mL; the potency of nocardiopsistin B is similar to that of the positive control, chloramphenicol. Bioinformatic analysis of the draft genome of HB-J378 identified a set of three core genes in a biosynthetic gene cluster that encode a typical aromatic or type II polyketide synthase (PKS) system, including ketoacyl:ACP synthase α-subunit (KSα), β-subunit (KSβ) and acyl carrier protein (ACP). The production of nocardiopsistins A-C was abolished when the three genes were knocked out, indicating their indispensable role in the production of nocardiopsistins.	1
Title: Tricarbocyclic core formation of tyrosine-decahydrofluorenes implies a three-enzyme cascade with XenF-mediated sigmatropic rearrangement as a prerequisite Abstract: Tyrosine-decahydrofluorene derivatives feature a fused [6.5.6] tricarbocyclic core and a 13-membered para-cyclophane ether. Herein, we identified new xenoacremones A, B, and C (1-3) from the fungal strain Xenoacremonium sinensis ML-31 and elucidated their biosynthetic pathway using gene deletion in the native strain and heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans. The hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase (PKS-NRPS) XenE together with enoyl reductase XenG were confirmed to be responsible for the formation of the tyrosine-nonaketide skeleton. This skeleton was subsequently dehydrated by XenA to afford a pyrrolidinone moiety. XenF catalyzed a novel sigmatropic rearrangement to yield a key cyclohexane intermediate as a prerequisite for the formation of the multi-ring system. Subsequent oxidation catalyzed by XenD supplied the substrate for XenC to link the para-cyclophane ether, which underwent subsequent spontaneous Diels-Alder reaction to give the end products. Thus, the results indicated that three novel enzymes XenF, XenD, and XenC coordinate to assemble the [6.5.6] tricarbocyclic ring and para-cyclophane ether during biosynthesis of complex tyrosine-decahydrofluorene derivatives.	1
Title: A Versatile Transcription-Translation in One Approach for Activation of Cryptic Biosynthetic Gene Clusters Abstract: The ever-growing drug resistance problem worldwide highlights the urgency to discover and develop new drugs. Microbial natural products are a prolific source of drugs. Genome sequencing has revealed a tremendous amount of uncharacterized natural product biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) encoded within microbial genomes, most of which are cryptic or express at very low levels under standard culture conditions. Therefore, developing effective strategies to awaken these cryptic BGCs is of great interest for natural product discovery. In this study, we designed and validated a Transcription-Translation in One (TTO) approach for activation of cryptic BGCs. This approach aims to alter the metabolite profiles of target strains by directly overexpressing exogenous rpsL (encoding ribosomal protein S12) and rpoB (encoding RNA polymerase β subunit) genes containing beneficial mutations for natural product production using a plug-and-play plasmid system. As a result, this approach bypasses the tedious screening work and overcomes the false positive problem in the traditional ribosome engineering approach. In this work, the TTO approach was successfully applied to activating cryptic BGCs in three Streptomyces strains, leading to the discovery of two aromatic polyketide antibiotics, piloquinone and homopiloquinone. We further identified a single BGC responsible for the biosynthesis of both piloquinone and homopiloquinone, which features an unusual starter unit incorporation step. This powerful strategy can be further exploited for BGC activation in strains even beyond streptomycetes, thus facilitating natural product discovery research in the future.	1
Title: A Fasciclin Protein Is Essential for Laccase-Mediated Selective Phenol Coupling in Sporandol Biosynthesis Abstract: The biaryl scaffold, often showing axial chirality, is a common feature of various fungal natural products. Their biosynthesis requires an oxidative phenol-coupling reaction usually catalyzed by laccases, cytochrome P450 enzymes, or peroxidases. The combination of a laccase and a fasciclin domain-containing (fas) protein is encoded in many biosynthetic gene clusters of biaryls from ascomycetes. However, such phenol-coupling systems including their regio- and stereoselectivity have not been characterized so far. Elucidating the biosynthesis of the antiparasitic binaphthalene sporandol from Chrysosporium merdarium, we demonstrate the combination of a laccase and a fas protein to be crucial for the dimerization reaction. Only the heterologous coproduction of the laccase and the fas protein led to a functional phenol-coupling system, whereas the laccase alone showed no coupling activity. Thus, the laccase/fas protein combination forms an independent group of phenol-coupling enzymes that determines the coupling activity and selectivity of the reaction concurrently and applies to the biosynthesis of many fungal natural products with a biaryl scaffold.	1
Title: Nitric oxide as a source for bacterial triazole biosynthesis Abstract: The heterocycle 1,2,3-triazole is among the most versatile chemical scaffolds and has been widely used in diverse fields. However, how nature creates this nitrogen-rich ring system remains unknown. Here, we report the biosynthetic route to the triazole-bearing antimetabolite 8-azaguanine. We reveal that its triazole moiety can be assembled through an enzymatic and non-enzymatic cascade, in which nitric oxide is used as a building block. These results expand our knowledge of the physiological role of nitric oxide synthase in building natural products with a nitrogen-nitrogen bond, and should also inspire the development of synthetic biology approaches for triazole production.	1
Title: An Unusual Type II Polyketide Synthase System Involved in Cinnamoyl Lipid Biosynthesis Abstract: As a unique structural moiety in natural products, cinnamoyl lipids (CLs), are proposed to be assembled by unusual type II polyketide synthases (PKSs). Herein, we demonstrate that the assembly of the CL compounds youssoufenes is accomplished by a PKS system that uniquely harbors three phylogenetically different ketosynthase/chain length factor (KS/CLF) complexes (YsfB/C, YsfD/E, and YsfJ/K). Through in vivo gene inactivation and in vitro reconstitution, as well as an intracellular tagged carrier-protein tracking (ITCT) strategy developed in this study, we successfully elucidated the isomerase-dependent ACP-tethered polyunsaturated chain elongation process. The three KS/CLFs were revealed to modularly assemble different parts of the youssoufene skeleton, during which benzene ring closure happens right after the formation of an ACP-tethered C18 polyene. Of note, the ITCT strategy could significantly contribute to the elucidation of other carrier-protein-dependent biosynthetic machineries.	1
Title: Discovery of Unusual Cyanobacterial Tryptophan-Containing Anabaenopeptins by MS/MS-Based Molecular Networking Abstract: Heterocytous cyanobacteria are among the most prolific sources of bioactive secondary metabolites, including anabaenopeptins (APTs). A terrestrial filamentous Brasilonema sp. CT11 collected in Costa Rica bamboo forest as a black mat, was studied using a multidisciplinary approach: genome mining and HPLC-HRMS/MS coupled with bioinformatic analyses. Herein, we report the nearly complete genome consisting of 8.79 Mbp with a GC content of 42.4%. Moreover, we report on three novel tryptophan-containing APTs; anabaenopeptin 788 (1), anabaenopeptin 802 (2), and anabaenopeptin 816 (3). Furthermore, the structure of two homologues, i.e., anabaenopeptin 802 (2a) and anabaenopeptin 802 (2b), was determined by spectroscopic analysis (NMR and MS). Both compounds were shown to exert weak to moderate antiproliferative activity against HeLa cell lines. This study also provides the unique and diverse potential of biosynthetic gene clusters and an assessment of the predicted chemical space yet to be discovered from this genus.	1
Title: Elucidation of the Tailoring Steps in Julichrome Biosynthesis by Marine Gastropod Mollusk-Associated Streptomyces sampsonii SCSIO 054 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster governing the production of antibacterial julichromes was identified from marine gastropod mollusk-associated Streptomyces sampsonii SCSIO 054. Post-PKS assembly/tailoring enzymes JuiL, JuiM, JuiI, and JuiN represent key assembly enzymes. JuiL serves as a ketoreductase. JuiM is an acetyltransferase. JuiI carries out an intriguing biaryl coupling of two julichrome Q6 units (immediate JuiL, JuiM product) to afford julichrome Q6-6. JuiN carries out tailoring steps on julichrome Q6-6, transforming Q6-6 into Q3-3.	1
Title: Structure Revision and the Biosynthetic Pathway of Tripartilactam Abstract: Tripartilactam (1) is a natural macrocyclic lactam originally reported to have a unique [18,8,4]-tricyclic framework. However, the validity of this structure has been contested since niizalactam C (2), bearing a [18,6,6]-tricyclic skeleton, was proposed as an alternative structure in 2015. In the present study, a comprehensive reinvestigation of NMR spectroscopic data and a 13C-13C COSY NMR experiment identified direct 13C-13C coupling, thus leading to the unequivocal revision of the structure of tripartilactam as niizalactam C (2). In addition, whole-genome sequencing analysis of the tripartilactam-producing bacterial strain and subsequent bioinformatics and mutagenesis analyses identified its biosynthetic pathway, which probably utilizes one of the type I polyketide synthase (PKS) modules iteratively during its biosynthesis and exhibits spontaneous [4+2] cycloaddition from the precursor compound, sceliphrolactam, in the post-PKS process.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Quinolidomicin, the Largest Known Macrolide of Terrestrial Origin: Identification and Heterologous Expression of a Biosynthetic Gene Cluster over 200 kb Abstract: Quinolidomicin A1 is the largest macrolide compound from terrestrial sources, consisting of a 60-membered ring, and its biosynthetic gene cluster was revealed to be over 200 kb. The gene cluster for quinolidomicin was cloned and heterologously expressed. Confirmation of the product led to a structural revision, in which the hydroxy group in the chromophore moiety of the reported structure was replaced by an amine group.	1
Title: Cyclic lipopeptide-producing Pseudomonas koreensis group strains dominate the cocoyam rhizosphere of a Pythium root rot suppressive soil contrasting with P. putida prominence in conducive soils Abstract: Pseudomonas isolates from tropical environments have been underexplored and may form an untapped reservoir of interesting secondary metabolites. In this study, we compared Pseudomonas and cyclic lipopeptide (CLP) diversity in the rhizosphere of a cocoyam root rot disease (CRRD) suppressive soil in Boteva, Cameroon with those from four conducive soils in Cameroon and Nigeria. Compared with other soils, Boteva andosols were characterized by high silt, organic matter, nitrogen and calcium. Besides, the cocoyam rhizosphere at Boteva was characterized by strains belonging mainly to the P. koreensis and P. putida (sub)groups, with representations in the P. fluorescens, P. chlororaphis, P. jessenii and P. asplenii (sub)groups. In contrast, P. putida isolates were prominent in conducive soils. Regarding CLP diversity, Boteva was characterized by strains producing 11 different CLP types with cocoyamide A producers, belonging to the P. koreensis group, being the most abundant. However, putisolvin III-V producers were the most dominant in the rhizosphere of conducive soils in both Cameroon and Nigeria. Furthermore, we elucidated the chemical structure of putisolvin derivatives-putisolvin III-V, and described its biosynthetic gene cluster. We show that high Pseudomonas and metabolic diversity may be driven by microbial competition, which likely contributes to soil suppressiveness to CRRD.	1
Title: Biosynthesis and Antimicrobial Activity of Pseudodesmin and Viscosinamide Cyclic Lipopeptides Produced by Pseudomonads Associated with the Cocoyam Rhizosphere Abstract: Pseudomonas cyclic lipopeptides (CLPs) are encoded non-ribosomally by biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) and possess diverse biological activities. In this study, we conducted chemical structure and BGC analyses with antimicrobial activity assays for two CLPs produced by Pseudomonas strains isolated from the cocoyam rhizosphere in Cameroon and Nigeria. LC-MS and NMR analyses showed that the Pseudomonas sp. COR52 and A2W4.9 produce pseudodesmin and viscosinamide, respectively. These CLPs belong to the Viscosin group characterized by a nonapeptidic moiety with a 7-membered macrocycle. Similar to other Viscosin-group CLPs, the initiatory non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) gene of the viscosinamide BGC is situated remotely from the other two NRPS genes. In contrast, the pseudodesmin genes are all clustered in a single genomic locus. Nano- to micromolar levels of pseudodesmin and viscosinamide led to the hyphal distortion and/or disintegration of Rhizoctonia solani AG2-2 and Pythium myriotylum CMR1, whereas similar levels of White Line-Inducing Principle (WLIP), another member of the Viscosin group, resulted in complete lysis of both soil-borne phytopathogens. In addition to the identification of the biosynthetic genes of these two CLPs and the demonstration of their interaction with soil-borne pathogens, this study provides further insights regarding evolutionary divergence within the Viscosin group.	1
Title: Identification, cloning and heterologous expression of biosynthetic gene cluster for desertomycin Abstract: From our in-house microbial genome database of secondary metabolite producers, we identified a candidate biosynthetic gene cluster for desertomycin from Streptomyces nobilis JCM4274. We report herein the cloning of the 127-kb entire gene cluster for desertomycin biosynthesis using bacterial artificial chromosome vector. The entire biosynthetic gene cluster for desertomycin was introduced in the heterologous host, Streptomyces lividans TK23, with an average yield of more than 130 mg l-1.	1
Title: Induction of secondary metabolite production by hygromycin B and identification of the 1233A biosynthetic gene cluster with a self-resistance gene Abstract: We found that the protein synthesis inhibitor hygromycin B induced the production of secondary metabolites, including lucilactaene, NG-391, fusarubin, 1233A, and 1233B, in the filamentous fungus, Fusarium sp. RK97-94. We identified the biosynthetic gene cluster for 1233A, an HMG-CoA synthase inhibitor. The biosynthetic gene cluster consisted of four genes, one of which was involved in conferring self-resistance to 1233A.	1
Title: Characterization of Tailoring Methyltransferases Involved in K-41A Biosynthesis: Modulating Methylation to Improve K-41A Anti-infective Activity Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) for polyether antibiotic K-41A was identified from marine-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 01680 and subjected to combinatorial biosynthetic study. Bioinformatics analyses, gene disruption, and metabolomics analyses afforded eight new derivatives and one known polyether, showcasing five region-specific methyltransferases Pak13, Pak15, Pak20, Pak31, and Pak38 and their respective modification loci. Moreover, bioassays revealed that two disaccharide-bearing polyethers, K-41B and K-41Bm, display enhanced anti-HIV and potent antibacterial activities.	1
Title: The Siderophore Metabolome of Azotobacter vinelandii Abstract: In this study, we performed a detailed characterization of the siderophore metabolome, or "chelome," of the agriculturally important and widely studied model organism Azotobacter vinelandii. Using a new high-resolution liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) approach, we found over 35 metal-binding secondary metabolites, indicative of a vast chelome in A. vinelandii. These include vibrioferrin, a siderophore previously observed only in marine bacteria. Quantitative analyses of siderophore production during diazotrophic growth with different sources and availabilities of Fe showed that, under all tested conditions, vibrioferrin was present at the highest concentration of all siderophores and suggested new roles for vibrioferrin in the soil environment. Bioinformatic searches confirmed the capacity for vibrioferrin production in Azotobacter spp. and other bacteria spanning multiple phyla, habitats, and lifestyles. Moreover, our studies revealed a large number of previously unreported derivatives of all known A. vinelandii siderophores and rationalized their origins based on genomic analyses, with implications for siderophore diversity and evolution. Together, these insights provide clues as to why A. vinelandii harbors multiple siderophore biosynthesis gene clusters. Coupled with the growing evidence for alternative functions of siderophores, the vast chelome in A. vinelandii may be explained by multiple, disparate evolutionary pressures that act on siderophore production.	1
Title: Brucella abortus strain 2308 produces brucebactin, a highly efficient catecholic siderophore Abstract: Brucella abortus is known to produce 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate (2,3-DHBA) and to use this catechol as a siderophore to grow under iron-limited conditions. In this study a mutant (BAM41) is described that is deficient in siderophore production by insertion of Tn5 in the virulent B. abortus strain 2308. This mutant was unable to grow on iron-deprived medium and its growth could not be restored by addition of 2,3-DHBA. Production of catecholic compounds by both the Brucella mutant and parental strains under iron-deprivation conditions was assayed by TLC. Two catecholic substances were identified in the supernatant of the parental strain 2308. The faster migrating spot showed the same retention factor (R(f)) as that of purified 2,3-DHBA. The mutant BAM41 overproduced 2,3-DHBA, but failed to form the slower migrating catechol. This defect could only be complemented by the addition of the slow-migrating catechol from strain 2308. The genomic region containing Tn5 in BAM41 was cloned and the position of the transposon was determined by nucleotide sequencing. The sequence revealed that the insertion had occurred at a gene with homology to Escherichia coli entF, a locus involved in the late steps of the biosynthesis of the complex catecholic siderophore enterobactin. Intracellular survival and growth rates of the B. abortus wild-type and entF mutant strains in mouse-derived J774 macrophages were similar, indicating that production of this siderophore was not essential in this model of infection. It is concluded that B. abortus synthesizes a previously unknown and highly efficient catecholic siderophore, different from 2,3-DHBA, for which the name brucebactin is proposed.	1
Title: Phylum-wide comparative genomics unravel the diversity of secondary metabolism in Cyanobacteria Abstract: Background:                       Cyanobacteria are an ancient lineage of photosynthetic bacteria from which hundreds of natural products have been described, including many notorious toxins but also potent natural products of interest to the pharmaceutical and biotechnological industries. Many of these compounds are the products of non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) or polyketide synthase (PKS) pathways. However, current understanding of the diversification of these pathways is largely based on the chemical structure of the bioactive compounds, while the evolutionary forces driving their remarkable chemical diversity are poorly understood.                  Results:                       We carried out a phylum-wide investigation of genetic diversification of the cyanobacterial NRPS and PKS pathways for the production of bioactive compounds. 452 NRPS and PKS gene clusters were identified from 89 cyanobacterial genomes, revealing a clear burst in late-branching lineages. Our genomic analysis further grouped the clusters into 286 highly diversified cluster families (CF) of pathways. Some CFs appeared vertically inherited, while others presented a more complex evolutionary history. Only a few horizontal gene transfers were evidenced amongst strongly conserved CFs in the phylum, while several others have undergone drastic gene shuffling events, which could result in the observed diversification of the pathways.                  Conclusions:                       Therefore, in addition to toxin production, several NRPS and PKS gene clusters are devoted to important cellular processes of these bacteria such as nitrogen fixation and iron uptake. The majority of the biosynthetic clusters identified here have unknown end products, highlighting the power of genome mining for the discovery of new natural products.	1
Title: A Transmissible Plasmid-Borne Pathogenicity Island Confers Piscibactin Biosynthesis in the Fish Pathogen Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida Abstract: The fish pathogen Photobacterium damselae subsp. piscicida produces the siderophore piscibactin. A gene cluster that resembles the Yersinia high-pathogenicity island (HPI) encodes piscibactin biosynthesis. Here, we report that this HPI-like cluster is part of a hitherto-uncharacterized 68-kb plasmid dubbed pPHDP70. This plasmid lacks homologs of genes that mediate conjugation, but we found that it could be transferred at low frequencies from P. damselae subsp. piscicida to a mollusk pathogenic Vibrio alginolyticus strain and to other Gram-negative bacteria, likely dependent on the conjugative functions of the coresident plasmid pPHDP60. Following its conjugative transfer, pPHDP70 restored the capacity of a vibrioferrin mutant of V. alginolyticus to grow under low-iron conditions, and piscibactin became detectable in its supernatant. Thus, pPHDP70 appears to harbor all the genes required for piscibactin biosynthesis and transport. P. damselae subsp. piscicida strains cured of pPHDP70 no longer produced piscibactin, had impaired growth under iron-limited conditions, and exhibited markedly decreased virulence in fish. Collectively, our findings highlight the importance of pPHDP70, with its capacity for piscibactin-mediated iron acquisition, in the virulence of P. damselae subsp. piscicida. Horizontal transmission of this plasmid-borne piscibactin synthesis gene cluster in the marine environment may facilitate the emergence of new pathogens.	1
Title: The Stereocontrolled Biosynthesis of Mirror-Symmetric 2,4-Diaminobutyric Acid Homopolymers Is Critically Governed by Adenylation Activations Abstract: Among the four bioactive cationic homo-poly(amino acids) discovered in nature, two are mirror-image isomers of poly(2,4-diaminobutyric acid) (poly-Dab) whose biosynthesis has long been unexplained. Their structural analogy plausibly suggested that they could share a common biosynthetic pathway utilizing ε-poly(l-lysine) synthetase-like enzymology but with an unprecedented process for enantiomeric inversion of polymer building blocks. To investigate this possibility, we comparatively explored the biosynthesis of poly-l-Dab and its mirror-image isomer poly-d-Dab in Streptomyces celluloflavus USE31 and Streptoalloteichus hindustanus NBRC15115, respectively, through genome mining, genetic inactivation, and heterologous expression combined with biochemical assays. While they shared the same biosynthetic pathway, the poly-d-Dab biosynthetic gene cluster additionally harbored the racemase gene. The critical finding that poly-d-Dab synthetase, in contrast to the synthetase generating the l-isomer, selectively activated d-Dab through adenylation conclusively demonstrated that free diffusible d-Dab preactivationally generated by the racemase is directly activated to be incorporated into the polymer. Our study thus represents the first demonstration of the stereoselective biosynthesis of a nonribosomal peptide governed by adenylation activity for a d-amino acid other than alanine. In silico sequence comparison between poly-Dab synthetases allowed us to identify amino acid residues potentially responsible for the discrimination of Dab enantiomers. Our results will provide significant insight not only for the future discovery of novel bioactive cationic poly(amino acids) but also for the creation of designer nonribosomal peptides with d-configuration.	1
Title: Structural Diversification of Andiconin-Derived Natural Products by α-Ketoglutarate-Dependent Dioxygenases Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster of the fungal meroterpenoid emeridone F (8) was discovered in the genome of Aspergillus sp. TJ23, and its late-stage biosynthesis was elucidated by characterizing two α-ketoglutarate (αKG)-dependent dioxygenases, SptF and SptN. SptF catalyzes oxidative rearrangement followed by epoxidation, whereas SptN serves as the C-9 hydroxylase. Our study provides insight into the biosynthetic mechanisms of other andiconin (1)-derived natural products, exemplifying the important roles of αKG-dependent enzymes in the structural complexifications.	1
Title: New Tetramic Acids Comprising of Decalin and Pyridones From Chaetomium olivaceum SD-80A With Antimicrobial Activity Abstract: Cycloaddition reactions such as intramolecular Diels-Alder (IMDA) are extremely important in constructing multicyclic scaffolds with diverse bioactivities. Using MycB as a biomarker, three new polyketides - Chaetolivacines A (1), B (3), and C (4) - with one known compound Myceliothermophin E (2) comprising of decalin and 4-hydroxy-2-pyridones were obtained from the culture of Chaetomium olivaceum SD-80A under the guidance of gene mining. The structures of these compounds were established using detailed 1D, 2D NMR, and high-resolution electron spray ionization mass spectroscopy (HRESIMS) analysis. The relative and absolute configurations of the compounds 1, 3, and 4 were elucidated by NOESY and ECD. The biosynthesis pathways of these compounds were proposed, which involves in three key genes ChaA [polyketide synthase-non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (PKS-NRPS)], ChaB, and ChaC. Compounds 1-4 were tested for their antimicrobial activities, and compounds 2 and 3 showed moderate bioactivity against Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) with MIC values of 15.8 and 27.1 μM. The results showed that configuration of C-21 in 3 and 4 is important for anti-SA and anti-MRSA activities. This study reveals the significant potential of the genus Chaetomium in producing new PKS-NRPS, therefore increasing the speed in the mining for new sources of antimicrobial agents.	1
Title: Identification of the Antifungal Metabolite Chaetoglobosin P From Discosia rubi Using a Cryptococcus neoformans Inhibition Assay: Insights Into Mode of Action and Biosynthesis Abstract: Cryptococcus neoformans is an important human pathogen with limited options for treatments. We have interrogated extracts from fungal fermentations to find Cryptococcus-inhibiting natural products using assays for growth inhibition, differential thermosensitivity, and synergy with existing antifungal drugs. Extracts from fermentations of strains of Discosia rubi from eastern Texas showed anticryptococcal bioactivity with preferential activity in agar zone of inhibition assays against C. neoformans at 37°C versus 25°C. Assay-guided fractionation led to the purification and identification of chaetoglobosin P as the active component of these extracts. Genome sequencing of these strains revealed a biosynthetic gene cluster consistent with chaetoglobosin biosynthesis and β-methylation of the tryptophan residue. Proximity of genes of the actin-binding protein twinfilin-1 to the chaetoglobosin P and K gene clusters suggested a possible self-resistance mechanism involving twinfilin-1 which is consistent with the predicted mechanism of action involving interference with the polymerization of the capping process of filamentous actin. A C. neoformans mutant lacking twinfilin-1 was hypersensitive to chaetoglobosin P. Chaetoglobosins also potentiated the effects of amphotericin B and caspofungin on C. neoformans.	1
Title: Generation of tetramycin B derivative with improved pharmacological property based on pathway engineering Abstract: Polyene antibiotics, including amphotericin, nystatin, pimaricin, and tetramycin, are important antifungal agents. Increasing the production of polyenes and generation of their improved analogues based on the biosynthetic pathway engineering has aroused wide concern in application researches. Herein, tetramycin and nystatin, both of which share most of acyl-CoA precursors, are produced by Streptomyces hygrospinosus var. beijingensis CGMCC 4.1123. Thus, the intracellular malonyl-CoA is found to be insufficient for PKSs (polyketide synthases) extension of tetramycin by quantitative analysis in this wild-type strain. To circumvent this problem and increase tetramycin titer, the acyl-CoA competing biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) of nystatin was disrupted, and the biosynthetic genes of malonyl-CoA from S. coelicolor M145 were integrated and overexpressed in nys-disruption mutant strain (SY02). Moreover, in order to specifically accumulate tetramycin B from A, two copies of tetrK and a copy of tetrF were introduced, resulting in elevating tetramycin B fermentration titer by 122% to 865 ± 8 mg/L than the wild type. In this optimized strain, a new tetramycin derivative, 12-decarboxy-12-methyl tetramycin B, was generated with a titer of 371 ± 26 mg/L through inactivation of a P450 monooxygenase gene tetrG. Compared with tetramycin B, the new compound exhibited higher antifungal activity against Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Rhodotorula glutinis, but lower hemolytic toxicity to erythrocyte. This research provided a good example of employing biosynthetic engineering strategies for fermentation titer improvement of polyene and development of the derivatives for medicinal applications.	1
Title: Identification and engineering of 32 membered antifungal macrolactone notonesomycins Abstract: Notonesomycin A is a 32-membered bioactive glycosylated macrolactone known to be produced by Streptomyces aminophilus subsp. notonesogenes 647-AV1 and S. aminophilus DSM 40186. In a high throughput antifungal screening campaign, we identified an alternative notonesomycin A producing strain, Streptomyces sp. A793, and its biosynthetic gene cluster. From this strain, we further characterized a new more potent antifungal non-sulfated analogue, named notonesomycin B. Through CRISPR-Cas9 engineering of the biosynthetic gene cluster, we were able to increase the production yield of notonesomycin B by up to 18-fold as well as generate a strain that exclusively produces this analogue.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of t-Butyl in Apratoxin A: Functional Analysis and Architecture of a PKS Loading Module Abstract: The unusual feature of a t-butyl group is found in several marine-derived natural products including apratoxin A, a Sec61 inhibitor produced by the cyanobacterium Moorea bouillonii PNG 5-198. Here, we determine that the apratoxin A t-butyl group is formed as a pivaloyl acyl carrier protein (ACP) by AprA, the polyketide synthase (PKS) loading module of the apratoxin A biosynthetic pathway. AprA contains an inactive "pseudo" GCN5-related N-acetyltransferase domain (ΨGNAT) flanked by two methyltransferase domains (MT1 and MT2) that differ distinctly in sequence. Structural, biochemical, and precursor incorporation studies reveal that MT2 catalyzes unusually coupled decarboxylation and methylation reactions to transform dimethylmalonyl-ACP, the product of MT1, to pivaloyl-ACP. Further, pivaloyl-ACP synthesis is primed by the fatty acid synthase malonyl acyltransferase (FabD), which compensates for the ΨGNAT and provides the initial acyl-transfer step to form AprA malonyl-ACP. Additionally, images of AprA from negative stain electron microscopy reveal multiple conformations that may facilitate the individual catalytic steps of the multienzyme module.	1
Title: Acrophiarin (antibiotic S31794/F-1) from Penicillium arenicola shares biosynthetic features with both Aspergillus- and Leotiomycete-type echinocandins Abstract: The antifungal echinocandin lipopeptide, acrophiarin, was circumscribed in a patent in 1979. We confirmed that the producing strain NRRL 8095 is Penicillium arenicola and other strains of P. arenicola produced acrophiarin and acrophiarin analogues. Genome sequencing of NRRL 8095 identified the acrophiarin gene cluster. Penicillium arenicola and echinocandin-producing Aspergillus species belong to the family Aspergillaceae of the Eurotiomycetes, but several features of acrophiarin and its gene cluster suggest a closer relationship with echinocandins from Leotiomycete fungi. These features include hydroxy-glutamine in the peptide core instead of a serine or threonine residue, the inclusion of a non-heme iron, α-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenase for hydroxylation of the C3 of the glutamine, and a thioesterase. In addition, P. arenicola bears similarity to Leotiomycete echinocandin-producing species because it exhibits self-resistance to exogenous echinocandins. Phylogenetic analysis of the genes of the echinocandin biosynthetic family indicated that most of the predicted proteins of acrophiarin gene cluster exhibited higher similarity to the predicted proteins of the pneumocandin gene cluster of the Leotiomycete Glarea lozoyensis than to those of the echinocandin B gene cluster from A. pachycristatus. The fellutamide gene cluster and related gene clusters are recognized as relatives of the echinocandins. Inclusion of the acrophiarin gene cluster into a comprehensive phylogenetic analysis of echinocandin gene clusters indicated the divergent evolutionary lineages of echinocandin gene clusters are descendants from a common ancestral progenitor. The minimal 10-gene cluster may have undergone multiple gene acquisitions or losses and possibly horizontal gene transfer after the ancestral separation of the two lineages.	1
Title: Generation of Fluorinated Amychelin Siderophores against Pseudomonas aeruginosa Infections by a Combination of Genome Mining and Mutasynthesis Abstract: Pioneering microbial genomic surveys have revealed numerous untapped biosynthetic gene clusters, unveiling the great potential of new natural products. Here, using a combination of genome mining, mutasynthesis, and activity screening in an infection model comprising Caenorhabditis elegans and Pseudomonas aeruginosa, we identified candidate virulence-blocking amychelin siderophore compounds from actinomycetes. Subsequently, we developed unreported analogs of these virulence-blocking siderophores with improved potency by exploiting an Amycolatopsis methanolica strain 239T chorismate to salicylate a biosynthetic subpathway for mutasynthesis. This allowed us to generate the fluorinated amychelin, fluoroamychelin I, which rescued C. elegans from P. aeruginosa-mediated killing with an EC50 value of 1.4 μM, outperforming traditional antibiotics including ceftazidime and meropenem. In general, this paper describes an efficient platform for the identification and production of classes of anti-microbial compounds with potential unique modes of action.	1
Title: Sungeidines from a Non-canonical Enediyne Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: We report the genome-guided discovery of sungeidines, a class of microbial secondary metabolites with unique structural features. Despite evolutionary relationships with dynemicin-type enediynes, the sungeidines are produced by a biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) that exhibits distinct differences from known enediyne BGCs. Our studies suggest that the sungeidines are assembled from two octaketide chains that are processed differently than those of the dynemicin-type enediynes. The biosynthesis also involves a unique activating sulfotransferase that promotes a dehydration reaction. The loss of genes, including a putative epoxidase gene, is likely to be the main cause of the divergence of the sungeidine pathway from other canonical enediyne pathways. The findings disclose the surprising evolvability of enediyne pathways and set the stage for characterizing the intriguing enzymatic steps in sungeidine biosynthesis.	1
Title: Chaetoglobosins and azaphilones from Chaetomium globosum associated with Apostichopus japonicus Abstract: Increasing attention has recently been focused on complex symbiotic associations, for instance coral and its symbionts. Sea cucumber, harboring diverse fungi, has also attracted more and more attention for their functional diversity. Here, secondary metabolites produced by Chaetomium globosum associated with sea cucumber, Apostichopus japonicus, were investigated using gene mining with third-generation sequencing technology (PacBio SMRT). Nine compounds, including one new compound cytoglobosin X (1), were isolated from cultures of Chaetomium globosum. Compound 1 was identified based on NMR data, HRESIMS, and ECD, and the absolute configurations were identified as 3S, 4R, 7S, 8R, 9R, 16S, 19S, 20S, and 23S. In an antimicrobial assay, compound 4 showed moderate activity against Staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with MICs of 47.3 and 94.6 μM, respectively. Our results suggest that the microbiomes associated with sea cucumber could be an important resource for biodiversity and structural novelty, and the bioactive compounds may protect the host from pathogen microbial.	1
Title: Genetic Manipulation of an Aminotransferase Family Gene dtlA Activates Youssoufenes in Marine-Derived Streptomyces youssoufiensis Abstract: Disruption of an aminotransferase family gene dtlA activated the production of a novel dimeric benzoic polyene acids (BPAs), named youssoufene A1 (1), along with four new (2-5, youssoufenes B1-B4) and a known (6) monomeric BPA in the marine-derived Streptomyces youssoufiensis OUC6819. The structures of 1-5 were elucidated by extensive spectroscopic and computational approaches. Youssoufene A1 (1) exhibited notably increased growth inhibition (MIC = 12.5 μg/mL) against multidrug resistant Enterococcus faecalis compared to monomeric structures (2-6).	1
Title: Pseudomonas sp. COW3 Produces New Bananamide-Type Cyclic Lipopeptides with Antimicrobial Activity against Pythium myriotylum and Pyricularia oryzae Abstract: Pseudomonas species are metabolically robust, with capacity to produce secondary metabolites including cyclic lipopeptides (CLPs). Herein we conducted a chemical analysis of a crude CLP extract from the cocoyam rhizosphere-derived biocontrol strain Pseudomonas sp. COW3. We performed in silico analyses on its whole genome, and conducted in vitro antagonistic assay using the strain and purified CLPs. Via LC-MS and NMR, we elucidated the structures of four novel members of the bananamide group, named bananamides D-G. Besides variability in fatty acid length, bananamides D-G differ from previously described bananamides A-C and MD-0066 by the presence of a serine and aspartic acid at position 6 and 2, respectively. In addition, bananamide G has valine instead of isoleucine at position 8. Kendrick mass defect (KMD) allowed the assignment of molecular formulae to bananamides D and E. We unraveled a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase cluster banA, banB and banC which encodes the novel bananamide derivatives. Furthermore, COW3 displayed antagonistic activity and mycophagy against Pythium myriotylum, while it mainly showed mycophagy on Pyricularia oryzae. Purified bananamides D-G inhibited the growth of P. myriotylum and P. oryzae and caused hyphal distortion. Our study shows the complementarity of chemical analyses and genome mining in the discovery and elucidation of novel CLPs. In addition, structurally diverse bananamides differ in their antimicrobial activity.	1
Title: Genome Sequencing of Streptomyces olivaceus SCSIO T05 and Activated Production of Lobophorin CR4 via Metabolic Engineering and Genome Mining Abstract: Marine-sourced actinomycete genus Streptomyces continues to be an important source of new natural products. Here we report the complete genome sequence of deep-sea-derived Streptomyces olivaceus SCSIO T05, harboring 37 putative biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). A cryptic BGC for type I polyketides was activated by metabolic engineering methods, enabling the discovery of a known compound, lobophorin CR4 (1). Genome mining yielded a putative lobophorin BGC (lbp) that missed the functional FAD-dependent oxidoreductase to generate the d-kijanose, leading to the production of lobophorin CR4 without the attachment of d-kijanose to C17-OH. Using the gene-disruption method, we confirmed that the lbp BGC accounts for lobophorin biosynthesis. We conclude that metabolic engineering and genome mining provide an effective approach to activate cryptic BGCs.	1
Title: Identification of the Bacterial Maytansinoid Gene Cluster asc Provides Insights into the Post-PKS Modifications of Ansacarbamitocin Biosynthesis Abstract: A new biosynthetic gene cluster for the bacterial maytansinoids, ansacarbamitocins (ASCs), was identified in Amycolatopsis alba DSM 44262. The post-PKS modifications of ASCs were elucidated on the basis of bioinformatics analysis. Specific gene disruption and heterologous expression led to the isolation of seven new bacterial maytansinoids. The 3'-O-methyltransferase and 3-O-carbamyltransferase involved in bacterial maytansinoid biosynthesis were identified for the first time. The new bacterial maytansinoids 7 and 13 showed strong antitumor activities against four human cancer cell lines.	1
Title: The Identification and Conservation of Tunicaminyluracil-Related Biosynthetic Gene Clusters in Several Rathayibacter Species Collected From Australia, Africa, Eurasia, and North America Abstract: Tunicaminyluracil antibiotics are a novel class of toxigenic glycolipids that are synthesized by several soil-associated Actinomycetes. The acquisition of a tunicaminyluracil biosynthetic gene cluster (TGC) in Rathayibacter toxicus has led to the emergence of the only described, naturally occurring tunicaminyluracil-associated mammalian disease, annual ryegrass toxicity of livestock. Endemic to Australia, R. toxicus is obligately vectored by Anguinid seed gall nematodes to the developing seedheads of forage grasses, in which the bacteria synthesize tunicaminyluracils that may subsequently be consumed by livestock and result in high rates of mortality and morbidity. The potential impact of R. toxicus on U.S. agriculture has led the U.S. Department of Agriculture - Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to list R. toxicus as a Plant Pathogen Select Agent. R. toxicus is the only characterized phytopathogenic bacterium to produce tunicaminyluracils, but numerous R. toxicus-like livestock poisonings outside Australia suggest additional bacterial sources of tunicaminyluracils may exist. To investigate the conservation of the TGC in R. toxicus and whether the TGC is present in other Rathayibacter species, we analyzed genome sequences of members of the Rathayibacter genus. Putative TGCs were identified in genome sequences of R. toxicus, R. iranicus, R. agropyri, and an undescribed South African Rathayibacter species. In the latter three species, the putative TGCs have homologs of tunicaminyluracil-related genes essential for toxin production, but the TGCs differ in gene number and order. The TGCs appear at least partially functional because in contrast to atoxigenic species, TGC-containing Rathayibacter species were each able to tolerate exogenous applications of tunicamycin from Streptomyces chartreusis. The North American R. agropyri TGC shows extensive diversity among the sequenced isolates, with presense/absense polymorphisms in multiple genes or even the whole TGC. R. agropyri TGC structure does not appear to correlate with date or location of isolate collection. The conservation and identification of tunicaminyluracil-related gene clusters in three additional Rathayibacter species isolated from South Africa, the Middle East, and the United States, suggests a wider global distribution of potentially neurotoxigenic plant-associated bacteria. This potential for additional endemic and exotic toxigenic Rathayibacter species could have widespread and severe implications for agriculture.	1
Title: An Unprecedented Cyclization Mechanism in the Biosynthesis of Carbazole Alkaloids in Streptomyces Abstract: Carquinostatin A (CQS), a potent neuroprotective substance, is a unique carbazole alkaloid with both an ortho-quinone function and an isoprenoid moiety. We identified the entire gene cluster responsible for CQS biosynthesis in Streptomyces exfoliatus through heterologous production of CQS and gene deletion. Biochemical characterization of seven CQS biosynthetic gene products (CqsB1-7) established the total biosynthetic pathway of CQS. Reconstitution of CqsB1 and CqsB2 showed that the synthesis of the carbazole skeleton involves CqsB1-catalyzed decarboxylative condensation of an α-hydroxyl-β-keto acid intermediate with 3-hydroxybutyryl-ACP followed by CqsB2-catalyzed oxidative cyclization. Based on crystal structures and mutagenesis-based biochemical assays, a detailed mechanism for the unique deprotonation-initiated cyclization catalyzed by CqsB2 is proposed. Finally, analysis of the substrate specificity of the biosynthetic enzymes led to the production of novel carbazoles.	1
Title: Emerimicins V-X, 15-Residue Peptaibols Discovered from an Acremonium sp. through Integrated Genomic and Chemical Approaches Abstract: Fermentation of Acremonium tubakii W. Gams isolated from a soil sample collected from the University of Utah led to the isolation and characterization of six new linear pentadecapeptides, emerimicins V-X (1-6). Peptaibols containing 15-residues are quite rare, with only 22 reported. Genome mining and bioinformatic analysis were used to identify the emerimicin 60 kbp eme biosynthetic cluster harboring a single 16-module hybrid polyketide-nonribosomal peptide synthetase. A detailed bioinformatic investigation of the corresponding 15 adenylation domains, combined with 1D and 2D NMR experiments, LC-MS/MS data, and advanced Marfey's method, allowed for the elucidation and absolute configuration of all proteinogenic and nonproteinogenic amino acid residues in 1-6. As some peptaibols possess cytotoxic activity, a zebrafish embryotoxicity assay was used to evaluate the toxicity of the six emerimicins and showed that emerimicin V (1) and VI (2) exhibit the most potent activity. Additionally, out of the six emerimicins, 1 displayed modest activity against Enterococcus faecalis, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, and vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium with MIC values of 64, 32, and 64 μg/mL, respectively.	1
Title: Unprecedented [5.5.5.6]Dioxafenestrane Ring Construction in Fungal Insecticidal Sesquiterpene Biosynthesis Abstract: Fenestranes, a specific class of natural products, contain four fused rings that share a central quaternary carbon atom. The fungal natural product penifulvin A (1) is a potent insecticidal sesquiterpene that features the [5.5.5.6]dioxafenestrane ring. Although the chemical synthesis of 1 has been achieved recently, the enzymes catalysing the cyclization and oxidation of FPP to 1 remain unknown. In this work, we identified a concise pathway that uses only three enzymes to produce 1. A new sesquiterpene cyclase (PeniA) generates the angular triquinane scaffold silphinene (6). A cytochrome P450 (PeniB) and a flavin-dependent monooxygenase (PeniC) catalyse a series of oxidation reactions to transform 6 into 1, including oxidation of the C15 methyl group to a carboxylate moiety, oxidative coupling of the C15 carboxylate and the C1-C2 olefin to form a γ-lactone, and Baeyer-Villiger oxidation to form a δ-lactone. Our results demonstrate the highly concise and efficient ways in which fungal biosynthetic pathways can generate complex sesquiterpene scaffolds.	1
Title: An Unusual Extender Unit Is Incorporated into the Modular Polyketide Synthase of Scopranones Biosynthesis Abstract: Scopranones, produced by Streptomyces sp. BYK-11038, are the novel bone morphogenetic protein inhibitors characterized by atypical two scoop-like moieties and a 3-furanone moiety. Two scoop-like moieties connected to a 3-furanone have not previously been reported in natural products, and their biosynthesis must occur via a unique pathway. Feeding experiments using 13C-labeled precursors indicated that scopranones were synthesized from three acetates and three butyrates in polyketide-type biosynthesis. Genome mining of Streptomyces sp. BYK-11038 revealed that the candidate biosynthetic gene cluster contains 21 open reading frames (ORFs), including three modular polyketide synthases (PKSs; SprA, SprB, and SprC), which were composed of 4 modules with one loading module and 18 additional ORFs (SprD to SprU) spanning a distance of 55 kbp. The characterization of in-frame deletion mutants and feeding experiments with the predicted extender units indicated that two genes, sprP and sprR, encoding discrete 3-oxoacyl-ACP synthases, and a gene, sprO, encoding crotonyl-CoA reductase, were involved in assembling an unusual C8 branched extender unit, 2-(2-ethylbutyl)malonyl-CoA. Additionally, three ORFs, sprM, sprN, and sprT, encoding cytochrome P450s and a monooxygenase, are important tailoring enzymes in post-PKS modification. SprT is an essential enzyme for decarboxylative ring contraction via oxidation, which converts the 2-pyranone to a 3-furanone.	1
Title: Understanding thioamitide biosynthesis using pathway engineering and untargeted metabolomics Abstract: Thiostreptamide S4 is a thioamitide, a family of promising antitumour ribosomally synthesised and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). The thioamitides are one of the most structurally complex RiPP families, yet very few thioamitide biosynthetic steps have been elucidated, even though the biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) of multiple thioamitides have been identified. We hypothesised that engineering the thiostreptamide S4 BGC in a heterologous host could provide insights into its biosynthesis when coupled with untargeted metabolomics and targeted mutations of the precursor peptide. Modified BGCs were constructed, and in-depth metabolomics enabled a detailed understanding of the biosynthetic pathway to thiostreptamide S4, including the identification of a protein critical for amino acid dehydration that has homology to HopA1, an effector protein used by a plant pathogen to aid infection. We use this biosynthetic understanding to bioinformatically identify diverse RiPP-like BGCs, paving the way for future RiPP discovery and engineering.	1
Title: Bioactive phenazines from an earwig-associated Streptomyces sp Abstract: Three new phenazine-type compounds, named phenazines SA-SC (1-3), together with four new natural products (4-7), were isolated from the fermentation broth of an earwig-associated Streptomyces sp. NA04227. The structures of these compounds were determined by extensive analyses of NMR, high resolution mass spectroscopic data, as well as single-crystal X-ray diffraction measurement. Sequencing and analysis of the genome data allowed us to identify the gene cluster (spz) and propose a biosynthetic pathway for these phenazine-type compounds. Additionally, compounds 1-5 exhibited moderate inhibitory activity against acetylcholinesterase (AChE), and compound 3 showed antimicrobial activities against Micrococcus luteus.	1
Title: Genomics-Driven Discovery of NO-Donating Diazeniumdiolate Siderophores in Diverse Plant-Associated Bacteria Abstract: Siderophores are key players in bacteria-host interactions, with the main function to provide soluble iron for their producers. Gramibactin from rhizosphere bacteria expands siderophore function and diversity as it delivers iron to the host plant and features an unusual diazeniumdiolate moiety for iron chelation. By mutational analysis of the grb gene cluster, we identified genes (grbD and grbE) necessary for diazeniumdiolate formation. Genome mining using a GrbD-based network revealed a broad range of orthologous gene clusters in mainly plant-associated Burkholderia/Paraburkholderia species. Two new types of diazeniumdiolate siderophores, megapolibactins and plantaribactin were fully characterized. In vitro assays and in vivo monitoring experiments revealed that the iron chelators also liberate nitric oxide (NO) in plant roots. This finding is important since NO donors are considered as biofertilizers that maintain iron homeostasis and increase overall plant fitness.	1
Title: Elucidation of the zinc-dependent regulation in Amycolatopsis japonicum enabled the identification of the ethylenediamine-disuccinate ([S,S]-EDDS) genes Abstract: The actinomycete Amycolatopsis japonicum produces the complexing agent ethylenediamine-disuccinate ([S,S]-EDDS), which is an isomer of the widely industrially applied ethylenediamine-tetraacetate (EDTA). In contrast to EDTA, [S,S]-EDDS is readily biodegradable and is therefore an alternative with a favourable environmental profile. Biotechnological production of [S,S]-EDDS, however, is not currently possible because its biosynthesis is inhibited by low-micromolar zinc concentrations. Here we illustrate the development of a new strategy for identifying a biosynthetic pathway that is based on the elucidation of transcriptional regulation and the screening for binding sites of the respective regulator that controls the [S,S]-EDDS biosynthesis genes. To achieve this, we identified the zinc uptake regulator Zur in A. japonicum and showed that it mediates the repression of the zinc uptake system ZnuABCAj . The Zur-binding motif, recognized by the zinc-bound Zur protein in the upstream region of znuABCAj , was used to screen the genome, leading to the identification of the aes genes. Transcriptional analysis and shift assays reveal specific zinc-responsive regulation of the aes genes by Zur, and gene inactivation shows their involvement in [S,S]-EDDS biosynthesis. Zur-mediated zinc repression of the [S,S]-EDDS biosynthesis genes is abolished in a Δzur mutant, which offers now the opportunity to develop a biotechnological process.	1
Title: The ornibactin biosynthesis and transport genes of Burkholderia cenocepacia are regulated by an extracytoplasmic function sigma factor which is a part of the Fur regulon Abstract: Burkholderia cenocepacia mutants that fail to produce the siderophore ornibactin were obtained following mutagenesis with mini-Tn5Tp. These mutants were shown to be growth restricted under conditions of iron depletion. In eight of the mutants, the transposon had integrated into one of two genes, orbI and orbJ, encoding nonribosomal peptide synthetases. In the other mutant, the transposon had inserted into an open reading frame, orbS, located upstream from orbI. The polypeptide product of orbS exhibits a high degree of similarity to the Pseudomonas aeruginosa extracytoplasmic function (ECF) sigma factor PvdS but possesses an N-terminal extension of approximately 29 amino acids that is not present in PvdS. Three predicted OrbS-dependent promoters were identified within the ornibactin gene cluster, based on their similarity to PvdS-dependent promoters. The iron-regulated activity of these promoters was shown to require OrbS. Transcription of the orbS gene was found to be under the control of an iron-regulated sigma(70)-dependent promoter. This promoter, but not the OrbS-dependent promoters, was shown to be a target for repression by the global regulator Fur. Our results demonstrate that production of ornibactin by B. cenocepacia in response to iron starvation requires transcription of an operon that is dependent on the Fur-regulated ECF sigma factor gene orbS. A mechanism is also proposed for the biosynthesis of ornibactin.	1
Title: Salicylic acid, yersiniabactin, and pyoverdin production by the model phytopathogen Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000: synthesis, regulation, and impact on tomato and Arabidopsis host plants Abstract: A genetically tractable model plant pathosystem, Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 on tomato and Arabidopsis thaliana hosts, was used to investigate the role of salicylic acid (SA) and iron acquisition via siderophores in bacterial virulence. Pathogen-induced SA accumulation mediates defense in these plants, and DC3000 contains the genes required for the synthesis of SA, the SA-incorporated siderophore yersiniabactin (Ybt), and the fluorescent siderophore pyoverdin (Pvd). We found that DC3000 synthesizes SA, Ybt, and Pvd under iron-limiting conditions in culture. Synthesis of SA and Ybt by DC3000 requires pchA, an isochorismate synthase gene in the Ybt genomic cluster, and exogenous SA can restore Ybt production by the pchA mutant. Ybt was also produced by DC3000 in planta, suggesting that Ybt plays a role in DC3000 pathogenesis. However, the pchA mutant did not exhibit any growth defect or altered virulence in plants. This lack of phenotype was not attributable to plant-produced SA restoring Ybt production, as the pchA mutant grew similarly to DC3000 in an Arabidopsis SA biosynthetic mutant, and in planta Ybt was not detected in pchA-infected wild-type plants. In culture, no growth defect was observed for the pchA mutant versus DC3000 for any condition tested. Instead, enhanced growth of the pchA mutant was observed under stringent iron limitation and additional stresses. This suggests that SA and Ybt production by DC3000 is costly and that Pvd is sufficient for iron acquisition. Further exploration of the comparative synthesis and utility of Ybt versus Pvd production by DC3000 found siderophore-dependent amplification of ybt gene expression to be absent, suggesting that Ybt may play a yet unknown role in DC3000 pathogenesis.	1
Title: Genomics of pyoverdine-mediated iron uptake in pseudomonads Abstract: Pyoverdines (PVDs) are complex siderophores produced by members of the fluorescent Pseudomonas. They comprise a dihydroxyquinoline fluorescent chromophore joined to a peptide of remarkably variable length and composition. In Pseudomonas aeruginosa, PVDs also function as signal molecules for the production of virulence factors. Genes responsible for the biosynthesis, excretion, uptake and regulation of these high-affinity siderophores are located either at a single locus or at up to three different loci in the genomes of the four pseudomonads analyzed. The peptide backbone of PVD is assembled by non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) and modified by accessory enzymes in the cytoplasm, and probably the periplasm. Regulation of PVD production and uptake depends on two extracytoplasmic sigma factors (ECF-sigmas), PvdS and FpvI, together with one anti-sigma, FpvR.	1
Title: The structure and biosynthesis of heinamides A1-A3 and B1-B5, antifungal members of the laxaphycin lipopeptide family Abstract: Laxaphycins are a family of cyclic lipopeptides with synergistic antifungal and antiproliferative activities. They are produced by multiple cyanobacterial genera and comprise two sets of structurally unrelated 11- and 12-residue macrocyclic lipopeptides. Here, we report the discovery of new antifungal laxaphycins from Nostoc sp. UHCC 0702, which we name heinamides, through antimicrobial bioactivity screening. We characterized the chemical structures of eight heinamide structural variants A1-A3 and B1-B5. These variants contain the rare non-proteinogenic amino acids 3-hydroxy-4-methylproline, 4-hydroxyproline, 3-hydroxy-d-leucine, dehydrobutyrine, 5-hydroxyl β-amino octanoic acid, and O-carbamoyl-homoserine. We obtained an 8.6-Mb complete genome sequence from Nostoc sp. UHCC 0702 and identified the 93 kb heinamide biosynthetic gene cluster. The structurally distinct heinamides A1-A3 and B1-B5 variants are synthesized using an unusual branching biosynthetic pathway. The heinamide biosynthetic pathway also encodes several enzymes that supply non-proteinogenic amino acids to the heinamide synthetase. Through heterologous expression, we showed that (2S,4R)-4-hydroxy-l-proline is supplied through the action of a novel enzyme LxaN, which hydroxylates l-proline. 11- and 12-residue heinamides have the characteristic synergistic activity of laxaphycins against Aspergillus flavus FBCC 2467. Structural and genetic information of heinamides may prove useful in future discovery of natural products and drug development.	1
Title: Biosynthetic reconstitution of deoxysugar phosphoramidate metalloprotease inhibitors using an N-P-bond-forming kinase Abstract: Phosphoramidon is a potent metalloprotease inhibitor and a widespread tool in cell biology research. It contains a dipeptide backbone that is uniquely linked to a 6-deoxysugar via a phosphoramidate bridge. Herein, we report the identification of a gene cluster for the formation of phosphoramidon and its detailed characterization. In vitro reconstitution of the biosynthesis established TalE as a phosphoramidate-forming kinase and TalC as the glycosyltransferase which installs the l-rhamnose moiety by phosphoester linkage.	1
Title: A Bifunctional Leader Peptidase/ABC Transporter Protein Is Involved in the Maturation of the Lasso Peptide Cochonodin I from Streptococcus suis Abstract: Lasso peptides are members of the natural product superfamily of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). Here, we describe the first lasso peptide originating from a biosynthetic gene cluster belonging to a unique lasso peptide subclade defined by the presence of a bifunctional protein harboring both a leader peptidase (B2) and an ABC transporter (D) domain. Bioinformatic analysis revealed that these clusters also encode homologues of the NisR/NisK regulatory system and the NisF/NisE/NisG immunity factors, which are usually associated with the clusters of antimicrobial class I lanthipeptides, such as nisin, another distinct RiPP subfamily. The cluster enabling the heterologous production of the lasso peptide cochonodin I in E. coli originated from Streptococcus suis LSS65, and the threaded structure of cochonodin I was evidenced through extensive MS/MS analysis and stability assays. It was shown that the ABC transporter domain from SsuB2/D is not essential for lasso peptide maturation. By extensive genome mining dedicated exclusively to other lasso peptide biosynthetic gene clusters featuring bifunctional B2/D proteins, it was furthermore revealed that many bacteria associated with human or animal microbiota hold the biosynthetic potential to produce cochonodin-like lasso peptides, implying that these natural products might play roles in human and animal health.	1
Title: Heterologous characterization of mechercharmycin A biosynthesis reveals alternative insights into post-translational modifications for RiPPs Abstract: Mechercharmycin A (MCM-A) is a marine natural product belonging to a family of polyazole cyclopeptides with remarkable bioactivities and unique structures. Identification, heterologous expression, and genetic characterizations of the MCM biosynthetic gene cluster in Bacillus subtilis revealed that it is a ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) possessing complex with distinctive modifications. Based on this heterologous expression system, two MCM analogs with comparable antitumor activity are generated by engineering the biosynthetic pathway. Combinatorial co-production of a precursor peptide with different modifying enzymes in Escherichia coli identifies a different timing of modifications, showing that a tRNAGlu-dependent highly regioselective dehydration is the first modification step, followed by polyazole formation through heterocyclization and dehydrogenation in an N- to C-terminal direction. Therefore, a rational biosynthetic pathway of MCMs is proposed, which unveils a subfamily of azol(in)e-containing RiPPs and sets the stage for further investigations of the enzymatic mechanism and synthetic biology.	1
Title: Organization and nucleotide sequences of two lactococcal bacteriocin operons Abstract: Two distinct regions of the Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris 9B4 plasmid p9B4-6, each of which specified bacteriocin production as well as immunity, have been sequenced and analyzed by deletion and frameshift mutation analyses. On a 1.8-kb ScaI-ClaI fragment specifying low antagonistic activity, three open reading frames (ORFs) were present, which were organized in an operon. The first two ORFs, containing 69 and 77 codons, respectively, were involved in bacteriocin activity, whereas the third ORF, containing 154 codons, was essential for immunity. Primer extension analysis indicated the presence of a promoter upstream of the ORFs. Two ORFs were present on a 1.3-kb ScaI-HindII fragment specifying high antagonistic activity. The first ORF, containing 75 codons, specified bacteriocin activity. The second ORF, containing 98 codons, specified immunity. The nucleotide sequences of both fragments upstream of the first ORFs as well as the first 20 bp of the first ORF of both bacteriocin operons appeared to be identical.	1
Title: Discovery and biosynthesis of bosamycins from Streptomyces sp. 120454 Abstract: Nonribosomal peptides (NRPs) that are synthesized by modular megaenzymes known as nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) are a rich source for drug discovery. By targeting an unusual NRPS architecture, we discovered an unusual biosynthetic gene cluster (bsm) from Streptomyces sp. 120454 and identified that it was responsible for the biosynthesis of a series of novel linear peptides, bosamycins. The bsm gene cluster contains a unique monomodular NRPS, BsmF, that contains a cytochrome P450 domain at the N-terminal. BsmF (P450 + A + T) can selectively activate tyrosine with its adenylation (A) domain, load it onto the thiolation (T) domain, and then hydroxylate tyrosine to form 5-OH tyrosine with the P450 domain. We demonstrated a NRPS assembly line for the formation of bosamycins by genetic and biochemical analysis and heterologous expression. Our work reveals a genome mining strategy targeting a unique NRPS domain for the discovery of novel NRPs.	1
Title: Discovery and biosynthesis of guanipiperazine from a NRPS-like pathway Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) are modular enzymes that use a thiotemplate mechanism to assemble the peptide backbones of structurally diverse and biologically active natural products in bacteria and fungi. Unlike these canonical multi-modular NRPSs, single-module NRPS-like enzymes, which lack the key condensation (C) domain, are rare in bacteria, and have been largely unexplored to date. Here, we report the discovery of a gene cluster (gup) encoding a NRPS-like megasynthetase through genome mining. Heterologous expression of the gup cluster led to the production of two unprecedented alkaloids, guanipiperazines A and B. The NRPS-like enzyme activates two l-tyrosine molecules, reduces them to the corresponding amino aldehydes, and forms an unstable imine product. The subsequent enzymatic reduction affords piperazine, which can be morphed by a P450 monooxygenase into a highly strained compound through C-O bond formation. Further intermolecular oxidative coupling forming the C-C or C-O bond is catalyzed by another P450 enzyme. This work reveals the huge potential of NRPS-like biosynthetic gene clusters in the discovery of novel natural products.	1
Title: Quorum Sensing in Streptococcus mutans Regulates Production of Tryglysin, a Novel RaS-RiPP Antimicrobial Compound Abstract: The genus Streptococcus encompasses a large bacterial taxon that commonly colonizes mucosal surfaces of vertebrates and is capable of disease etiologies originating from diverse body sites, including the respiratory, digestive, and reproductive tracts. Identifying new modes of treating infections is of increasing importance, as antibiotic resistance has escalated. Streptococcus mutans is an important opportunistic pathogen that is an agent of dental caries and is capable of systemic diseases such as endocarditis. As such, understanding how it regulates virulence and competes in the oral niche is a priority in developing strategies to defend from these pathogens. We determined that S. mutans UA159 possesses a bona fide short hydrophobic peptide (SHP)/Rgg quorum-sensing system that regulates a specialized biosynthetic operon featuring a radical-SAM (S-adenosyl-l-methionine) (RaS) enzyme and produces a ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptide (RiPP). The pairing of SHP/Rgg regulatory systems with RaS biosynthetic operons is conserved across streptococci, and a locus similar to that in S. mutans is found in Streptococcus ferus, an oral streptococcus isolated from wild rats. We identified the RaS-RiPP product from this operon and solved its structure using a combination of analytical methods; we term these RiPPs tryglysin A and B for the unusual Trp-Gly-Lys linkage. We report that tryglysins specifically inhibit the growth of other streptococci, but not other Gram-positive bacteria such as Enterococcus faecalis or Lactococcus lactis We predict that tryglysin is produced by S. mutans in its oral niche, thus inhibiting the growth of competing species, including several medically relevant streptococci.IMPORTANCE Bacteria interact and compete with a large community of organisms in their natural environment. Streptococcus mutans is one such organism, and it is an important member of the oral microbiota. We found that S. mutans uses a quorum-sensing system to regulate production of a novel posttranslationally modified peptide capable of inhibiting growth of several streptococcal species. We find inhibitory properties of a similar peptide produced by S. ferus and predict that these peptides play a role in interspecies competition in the oral niche.	1
Title: Unique post-translational oxime formation in the biosynthesis of the azolemycin complex of novel ribosomal peptides from Streptomyces sp. FXJ1.264 Abstract: Streptomycetes are a rich source of bioactive specialized metabolites, including several examples of the rapidly growing class of ribosomally-biosynthesized and post-translationally-modified peptide (RiPP) natural products. Here we report the discovery from Streptomyces sp. FXJ1.264 of azolemycins A-D, a complex of novel linear azole-containing peptides incorporating a unique oxime functional group. Bioinformatics analysis of the Streptomyces sp. FXJ1.264 draft genome sequence identified a cluster of genes that was hypothesized to be responsible for elaboration of the azolemycins from a ribosomally-biosynthesized precursor. Inactivation of genes within this cluster abolished azolemycin production, consistent with this hypothesis. Moreover, mutants lacking the azmE and azmF genes accumulated azolemycin derivatives lacking the O-methyl groups and an amino group in place of the N-terminal oxime (as well as proteolysed derivatives), respectively. Thus AzmE, a putative S-adenosyl methionine-dependent methyl transferase, is responsible for late-stage O-methylation reactions in azolemycin biosynthesis and AzmF, a putative flavin-dependent monooxygenase, catalyzes oxidation of the N-terminal amino group in an azolemycin precursor to the corresponding oxime. To the best of our knowledge, oxime formation is a hitherto unknown posttranslational modification in RiPP biosynthesis.	1
Title: Ubericin K, a New Pore-Forming Bacteriocin Targeting mannose-PTS Abstract: Bovine mastitis infection in dairy cattle is a significant economic burden for the dairy industry globally. To reduce the use of antibiotics in treatment of clinical mastitis, new alternative treatment options are needed. Antimicrobial peptides from bacteria, also known as bacteriocins, are potential alternatives for combating mastitis pathogens. In search of novel bacteriocins against mastitis pathogens, we screened samples of Norwegian bovine raw milk and found a Streptococcus uberis strain with potent antimicrobial activity toward Enterococcus, Streptococcus, Listeria, and Lactococcus. Whole-genome sequencing of the strain revealed a multibacteriocin gene cluster encoding one class IIb bacteriocin, two class IId bacteriocins, in addition to a three-component regulatory system and a dedicated ABC transporter. Isolation and purification of the antimicrobial activity from culture supernatants resulted in the detection of a 6.3-kDa mass peak by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight (MALDI-TOF) mass spectrometry, a mass corresponding to the predicted size of one of the class IId bacteriocins. The identification of this bacteriocin, called ubericin K, was further confirmed by in vitro protein synthesis, which showed the same inhibitory spectrum as the purified antimicrobial compound. Ubericin K shows highest sequence similarity to the class IId bacteriocins bovicin 255, lactococcin A, and garvieacin Q. We found that ubericin K uses the sugar transporter mannose phosphotransferase (PTS) as a target receptor. Further, by using the pHlourin sensor system to detect intracellular pH changes due to leakage across the membrane, ubericin K was shown to be a pore former, killing target cells by membrane disruption. IMPORTANCE Bacterial infections in dairy cows are a major burden to farmers worldwide because infected cows require expensive treatments and produce less milk. Today, infected cows are treated with antibiotics, a practice that is becoming less effective due to antibiotic resistance. Compounds other than antibiotics also exist that kill bacteria causing infections in cows; these compounds, known as bacteriocins, are natural products produced by other bacteria in the environment. In this work, we discover a new bacteriocin that we call ubericin K, which kills several species of bacteria known to cause infections in dairy cows. We also use in vitro synthesis as a novel method for rapidly characterizing bacteriocins directly from genomic data, which could be useful for other researchers. We believe that ubericin K and the methods described in this work will aid in the transition away from antibiotics in the dairy industry.	1
Title: Bacteriocin ASM1 is an O/S-diglycosylated, plasmid-encoded homologue of glycocin F Abstract: Here, we report on the biochemical characterization of a new glycosylated bacteriocin (glycocin), ASM1, produced by Lactobacillus plantarum A-1 and analysis of the A-1 bacteriocinogenic genes. ASM1 is 43 amino acids in length with Ser18-O- and Cys43-S-linked N-acetylglucosamine moieties that are essential for its inhibitory activity. Its only close homologue, glycocin F (GccF), has five amino acid substitutions all residing in the flexible C-terminal 'tail' and a lower IC50 (0.9 nm) compared to that of ASM1 (1.5 nm). Asm/gcc genes share the same organization (asmH← →asmABCDE→F), and the asm genes reside on an 11 905-bp plasmid dedicated to ASM1 production. The A-1 genome also harbors a gene encoding a 'rare' bactofencin-type bacteriocin. As more examples of prokaryote S-GlcNAcylation are discovered, the functions of this modification may be understood.	1
Title: The biosynthetic pathway to ossamycin, a macrocyclic polyketide bearing a spiroacetal moiety Abstract: Ossamycin from Streptomyces hygroscopicus var. ossamyceticus is an antifungal and cytotoxic polyketide and a potent inhibitor of the mitochondrial ATPase. Analysis of a near-complete genome sequence of the ossamycin producer has allowed the identification of the 127-kbp ossamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. The presence in the cluster of a specific crotonyl-CoA carboxylase/reductase homologue suggests that the 5-methylhexanoate extension unit used in construction of the macrocyclic core is incorporated intact from the unusual precursor isobutyrylmalonyl-CoA. Surprisingly, the modular polyketide synthase uses only 14 extension modules to accomplish 15 cycles of polyketide chain extension, a rare example of programmed iteration on a modular polyketide synthase. Specific deletion of genes encoding cytochrome P450 enzymes has given insight into the late-stage tailoring of the ossamycin macrocycle required for the attachment of the unusual 2,3,4,6-deoxyaminohexose sugar l-ossamine to C-8 of the ossamycin macrocycle. The ossamycin cluster also encodes a putative spirocyclase enzyme, OssO, which may play a role in establishing the characteristic spiroketal moiety of the natural product.	1
Title: Heterologous reconstitution of the intact geodin gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans through a simple and versatile PCR based approach Abstract: Fungal natural products are a rich resource for bioactive molecules. To fully exploit this potential it is necessary to link genes to metabolites. Genetic information for numerous putative biosynthetic pathways has become available in recent years through genome sequencing. However, the lack of solid methodology for genetic manipulation of most species severely hampers pathway characterization. Here we present a simple PCR based approach for heterologous reconstitution of intact gene clusters. Specifically, the putative gene cluster responsible for geodin production from Aspergillus terreus was transferred in a two step procedure to an expression platform in A. nidulans. The individual cluster fragments were generated by PCR and assembled via efficient USER fusion prior to transformation and integration via re-iterative gene targeting. A total of 13 open reading frames contained in 25 kb of DNA were successfully transferred between the two species enabling geodin synthesis in A. nidulans. Subsequently, functions of three genes in the cluster were validated by genetic and chemical analyses. Specifically, ATEG_08451 (gedC) encodes a polyketide synthase, ATEG_08453 (gedR) encodes a transcription factor responsible for activation of the geodin gene cluster and ATEG_08460 (gedL) encodes a halogenase that catalyzes conversion of sulochrin to dihydrogeodin. We expect that our approach for transferring intact biosynthetic pathways to a fungus with a well developed genetic toolbox will be instrumental in characterizing the many exciting pathways for secondary metabolite production that are currently being uncovered by the fungal genome sequencing projects.	1
Title: Fusarium graminearum PKS14 is involved in orsellinic acid and orcinol synthesis Abstract: The available genome sequences show that the number of secondary metabolite genes in filamentous fungi vastly exceeds the number of known products. This is also true for the global plant pathogenic fungus Fusarium graminearum, which contains 15 polyketide synthase (PKS) genes, of which only 6 have been linked to products. To help remedy this, we focused on PKS14, which has only been shown to be expressed during plant infections or when cultivated on rice or corn meal (RM) based media. To enhance the production of the resulting product we introduced a constitutive promoter in front of PKS14 and cultivated two of the resulting mutants on RM medium. This led to the production of two compounds, which were only detected in the PKS14 overexpressing mutants and not in the wild type or PKS14 deletion mutants. The two compounds were tentatively identified as orsellinic acid and orcinol by comparing spectroscopic data (mass spectroscopy and chromatography) to authentic standards. NMR analysis of putative orcinol isolated from the PKS14 overexpressing mutant supported our identification. Orcinol and orsellinic acid, not previously detected in Fusarium, have primarily been detected in lichen fungi. Orsellinic acid is hypothesized to be the PKS release product which is transformed to orcinol through decarboxylation. Phylogenetic analyses of PKSs placed PKS14 in a subclade of known OA synthases. Expression analysis by microarray of 55 experiments identified seven genes near PKS14 that were expressed in a similar manner. One of the seven genes encodes a predicted carboxylase, which could be responsible for transforming orsellinic acid to orcinol.	1
Title: Identification of the polyketide synthase PKS7 responsible for the production of lecanoric acid and ethyl lecanorate in Claviceps purpurea Abstract: Claviceps purpurea is a plant pathogenic fungus which is still highly relevant in modern agriculture as it infects grasses such as rye and wheat. The disease caused by the consumption of contaminated grain or flour has been known since the Middle Ages and is termed ergotism. The main cause for the toxicity of this fungus is attributed to the ergot alkaloids. Apart from these alkaloids and the ergochromes known as ergot pigments, the secondary metabolism of C. purpurea is not well investigated. This study demonstrated the function of the polyketide synthase PKS7 in C. purpurea by determining the effect of its overexpression on metabolite profiles. For the first time, the depsides lecanoric acid, ethyl lecanorate, gerfelin, and C10-deoxy gerfelin were discovered as secondary metabolites of C. purpurea. Additionally, to estimate the contribution of isolated secondary metabolites to the toxic effects of C. purpurea, lecanoric acid, ethyl lecanorate, and orsellinic acid were tested on HepG2 and CCF-STTG1 cell lines. This study provides the first report on the function of C. purpurea PKS7 responsible for the production of depsides, among which lecanoric acid and ethyl lecanorate were identified as main secondary metabolites.	1
Title: Discovery of Cyanobacterial Natural Products Containing Fatty Acid Residues* Abstract: In recent years, extensive sequencing and annotation of bacterial genomes has revealed an unexpectedly large number of secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters whose products are yet to be discovered. For example, cyanobacterial genomes contain a variety of gene clusters that likely incorporate fatty acid derived moieties, but for most cases we lack the knowledge and tools to effectively predict or detect the encoded natural products. Here, we exploit the apparent absence of a functional β-oxidation pathway in cyanobacteria to achieve efficient stable-isotope-labeling of their fatty acid derived lipidome. We show that supplementation of cyanobacterial cultures with deuterated fatty acids can be used to easily detect natural product signatures in individual strains. The utility of this strategy is demonstrated in two cultured cyanobacteria by uncovering analogues of the multidrug-resistance reverting hapalosin, and novel, cytotoxic, lactylate-nocuolin A hybrids-the nocuolactylates.	1
Title: A PCR method to identify ochratoxin A-producing Aspergillus westerdijkiae strains on dried and aged foods Abstract: Ochratoxins are a group of mycotoxins that frequently occur as contaminants in agricultural commodities and foods, including dry-cured meats and cheeses. The fungus Aspergillus westerdijkiae is frequently isolated from aged foods and can produce ochratoxin A (OTA). However, individual strains of the fungus can have one of two OTA production phenotypes (chemotypes): OTA production and OTA nonproduction. Monitoring and early detection of OTA-producing fungi in food are the most effective strategies to manage OTA contamination. Therefore, we examined genome sequence data from five A. westerdijkiae strains isolated from the surface of cheese from southern Italy to identify genetic markers indicative of the twoOTA chemotypes. This analysis revealed a naturally occurring deletion of the OTA regulatory gene, otaR, in an OTA-nonproducing isolate.We used this information to design a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method that could identify A. westerdijkiae and distinguish between the two OTA chemotypes. In this method, the PCR primers were complementary to conserved sequences flanking otaR and yielded different-sized amplicons from strains with the different chemotypes. The primers did not yield ota-region-specific amplicons from other OTA-producing species. Because the method is specific to A. westerdijkiae and can distinguish between the two OTA chemotypes, it has potential to significantly improve OTA monitoring programs.	1
Title: Variation in Fumonisin and Ochratoxin Production Associated with Differences in Biosynthetic Gene Content in Aspergillus niger and A. welwitschiae Isolates from Multiple Crop and Geographic Origins Abstract: The fungi Aspergillus niger and A. welwitschiae are morphologically indistinguishable species used for industrial fermentation and for food and beverage production. The fungi also occur widely on food crops. Concerns about their safety have arisen with the discovery that some isolates of both species produce fumonisin (FB) and ochratoxin A (OTA) mycotoxins. Here, we examined FB and OTA production as well as the presence of genes responsible for synthesis of the mycotoxins in a collection of 92 A. niger/A. welwitschiae isolates from multiple crop and geographic origins. The results indicate that (i) isolates of both species differed in ability to produce the mycotoxins; (ii) FB-nonproducing isolates of A. niger had an intact fumonisin biosynthetic gene (fum) cluster; (iii) FB-nonproducing isolates of A. welwitschiae exhibited multiple patterns of fum gene deletion; and (iv) OTA-nonproducing isolates of both species lacked the ochratoxin A biosynthetic gene (ota) cluster. Analysis of genome sequence data revealed a single pattern of ota gene deletion in the two species. Phylogenetic analysis suggest that the simplest explanation for this is that ota cluster deletion occurred in a common ancestor of A. niger and A. welwitschiae, and subsequently both the intact and deleted cluster were retained as alternate alleles during divergence of the ancestor into descendent species. Finally, comparison of results from this and previous studies indicate that a majority of A. niger isolates and a minority of A. welwitschiae isolates can produce FBs, whereas, a minority of isolates of both species produce OTA. The comparison also suggested that the relative abundance of each species and frequency of FB/OTA-producing isolates can vary with crop and/or geographic origin.	1
Title: Molecular Basis for Stellatic Acid Biosynthesis: A Genome Mining Approach for Discovery of Sesterterpene Synthases Abstract: The search for a new sesterterpene synthase in the genome of Emericella variecolor, which reportedly produces diverse sesterterpenoids, is described. One gene product (a chimeric protein with prenyltransferase and terpene cyclase domains) led to the synthesis of a novel tricyclic sesterterpene, stellata-2,6,19-triene (1), from DMAPP and IPP, and the hydrocarbon was further transformed into stellatic acid (2) by cytochrome P450 monooxygenase encoded by the gene adjacent to the sesterterpene synthase gene.	1
Title: Evolution of Chemical Diversity in Echinocandin Lipopeptide Antifungal Metabolites Abstract: The echinocandins are a class of antifungal drugs that includes caspofungin, micafungin, and anidulafungin. Gene clusters encoding most of the structural complexity of the echinocandins provided a framework for hypotheses about the evolutionary history and chemical logic of echinocandin biosynthesis. Gene orthologs among echinocandin-producing fungi were identified. Pathway genes, including the nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), were analyzed phylogenetically to address the hypothesis that these pathways represent descent from a common ancestor. The clusters share cooperative gene contents and linkages among the different strains. Individual pathway genes analyzed in the context of similar genes formed unique echinocandin-exclusive phylogenetic lineages. The echinocandin NRPSs, along with the NRPS from the inp gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans and its orthologs, comprise a novel lineage among fungal NRPSs. NRPS adenylation domains from different species exhibited a one-to-one correspondence between modules and amino acid specificity that is consistent with models of tandem duplication and subfunctionalization. Pathway gene trees and Ascomycota phylogenies are congruent and consistent with the hypothesis that the echinocandin gene clusters have a common origin. The disjunct Eurotiomycete-Leotiomycete distribution appears to be consistent with a scenario of vertical descent accompanied by incomplete lineage sorting and loss of the clusters from most lineages of the Ascomycota. We present evidence for a single evolutionary origin of the echinocandin family of gene clusters and a progression of structural diversification in two fungal classes that diverged approximately 290 to 390 million years ago. Lineage-specific gene cluster evolution driven by selection of new chemotypes contributed to diversification of the molecular functionalities.	1
Title: Complete biosynthetic pathway of anditomin: nature's sophisticated synthetic route to a complex fungal meroterpenoid Abstract: Anditomin and its precursors, andilesins, are fungal meroterpenoids isolated from Aspergillus variecolor and have unique, highly oxygenated chemical structures with a complex bridged-ring system. Previous isotope-feeding studies revealed their origins as 3,5-dimethylorsellinic acid and farnesyl pyrophosphate and suggested the possible involvement of a Diels-Alder reaction to afford the congested bicyclo[2.2.2]octane core structure of andilesins. Here we report the first identification of the biosynthetic gene cluster of anditomin and the determination of the complete biosynthetic pathway by characterizing the functions of 12 dedicated enzymes. The anditomin pathway actually does not employ a Diels-Alder reaction, but involves the nonheme iron-dependent dioxygenase AndA to synthesize the bridged-ring by an unprecedented skeletal reconstruction. Another dioxygenase, AndF, is also responsible for the structural complexification, generating the end product anditomin by an oxidative rearrangement.	1
Title: Vibrio neptunius Produces Piscibactin and Amphibactin and Both Siderophores Contribute Significantly to Virulence for Clams Abstract: Vibrio neptunius is an inhabitant of mollusc microbiota and an opportunistic pathogen causing disease outbreaks in marine bivalve mollusc species including oysters and clams. Virulence of mollusc pathogenic vibrios is mainly associated with the production of extracellular products. However, siderophore production is a common feature in pathogenic marine bacteria but its role in fitness and virulence of mollusc pathogens remains unknown. We previously found that V. neptunius produces amphibactin, one of the most abundant siderophores in marine microbes. In this work, synthesis of the siderophore piscibactin was identified as the second siderophore produced by V. neptunius. Single and double mutants in biosynthetic genes of each siderophore system, piscibactin and amphibactin, were constructed in V. neptunius and their role in growth ability and virulence was characterized. Although the High Pathogenicity Island encoding piscibactin is a major virulence factor in vibrios pathogenic for fish, the V. neptunius wild type did not cause mortality in turbot. The results showed that amphibactin contributes more than piscibactin to bacterial fitness in vitro. However, infection challenges showed that each siderophore system contributes equally to virulence for molluscs. The V. neptunius strain unable to produce any siderophore was severely impaired to cause vibriosis in clams. Although the inactivation of one of the two siderophore systems (either amphibactin or piscibactin) significantly reduced virulence compared to the wild type strain, the ability to produce both siderophores simultaneously maximised the degree of virulence. Evaluation of the gene expression pattern of each siderophore system showed that they are simultaneously expressed when V. neptunius is cultivated under low iron availability in vitro and ex vivo. Finally, the analysis of the distribution of siderophore systems in genomes of Vibrio spp. pathogenic for molluscs showed that the gene clusters encoding amphibactin and piscibactin are widespread in the Coralliilyticus clade. Thus, siderophore production would constitute a key virulence factor for bivalve molluscs pathogenic vibrios.	1
Title: Late-Stage Terpene Cyclization by an Integral Membrane Cyclase in the Biosynthesis of Isoprenoid Epoxycyclohexenone Natural Products Abstract: Macrophorins are representative examples of isoprenoid epoxycyclohexenones containing cyclized drimane moieties. We located and characterized the biosynthetic gene cluster of macrophorin from Penicillium terrestris. MacJ encoded by this cluster was characterized to be the first example of a membrane-bound type-II terpene cyclase catalyzing the cyclization of meroterpenoids via direct protonation of the terminal olefinic bond in acyclic yanuthones. The late-stage functionalization and substrate promiscuity of MacJ make it a potential biocatalyst for the synthesis of macrophorin analogues.	1
Title: Functional characterization of MpaG', the O-methyltransferase involved in the biosynthesis of mycophenolic acid Abstract: Mycophenolic acid (MPA, 1) is a clinically important immunosuppressant. In this report, a gene cluster mpa' responsible for the biosynthesis of 1 was identified from Penicillium brevicompactum NRRL 864. The S-adenosyl-L-methionine-dependent (SAM-dependent) O-methyltransferase encoded by the mpaG' gene was functionally and kinetically characterized in vitro. MpaG' catalyzes the methylation of demethylmycophenolic acid (DMMPA, 6) to form 1. It also showed significant substrate flexibility by methylating two structural derivatives of 6 prepared by organic synthesis.	1
Title: Genome Mining and Biosynthesis of Primary Amine-Acylated Desferrioxamines in a Marine Gliding Bacterium Abstract: Genome mining of Fulvivirga sp. W222 revealed a desferrioxamine-like biosynthetic gene cluster containing an unknown gene fulF that is conserved in many Bacteroidetes species. A series of primary amine-acylated desferrioxamine G1 analogues, fulvivirgamides, were identified, and fulvivirgamides A2, B2, B3, and B4 (1-4) were purified and characterized. The function of FulF, which is a novel acyltransferase for the acylation of the primary amine of Desferrioxamine G1, was verified by heterologous expression and feeding experiments.	1
Title: Efficient biosynthesis of nucleoside cytokinin angustmycin A containing an unusual sugar system Abstract: Angustmycin A has anti-mycobacterial and cytokinin activities, and contains an intriguing structure in which an unusual sugar with C5'-C6' dehydration is linked to adenine via an N-glycosidic bond. However, the logic underlying the biosynthesis of this molecule has long remained obscure. Here, we address angustmycin A biosynthesis by the full deciphering of its pathway. We demonstrate that AgmD, C, A, E, and B function as D-allulose 6-phosphate 3-epimerase, D-allulose 6-phosphate pyrophosphokinase, adenine phosphoallulosyltransferase, phosphoribohydrolase, and phosphatase, respectively, and that these collaboratively catalyze the relay reactions to biosynthesize angustmycin C. Additionally, we provide evidence that AgmF is a noncanonical dehydratase for the final step to angustmycin A via a self-sufficient strategy for cofactor recycling. Finally, we have reconstituted the entire six-enzyme pathway in vitro and in E. coli leading to angustmycin A production. These results expand the enzymatic repertoire regarding natural product biosynthesis, and also open the way for rational and rapid discovery of other angustmycin related antibiotics.	1
Title: Quorum-Sensing Signals from Epibiont Mediate the Induction of Novel Microviridins in the Mat-Forming Cyanobacterial Genus Nostoc Abstract: The regulation of the production of oligopeptides is essential in understanding their ecological role in complex microbial communities, including harmful cyanobacterial blooms. The role of chemical communication between the cyanobacterium and the microbial community harbored as epibionts within its phycosphere is at an initial stage of research, and little is understood about its specificity. Here, we present insight into the role of a bacterial epibiont in regulating the production of novel microviridins isolated from Nostoc, an ecologically important cyanobacterial genus. Microviridins are well-known elastase inhibitors with presumed antigrazing effects. Heterologous expression and identification of specific signal molecules from the epibiont suggest the role of a quorum-sensing-based interaction. Furthermore, physiological experiments show an increase in microviridin production without affecting cyanobacterial growth and photosynthetic activity. Simultaneously, oligopeptides presenting a selective inhibition pattern provide support for their specific function in response to the presence of cohabitant epibionts. Thus, the chemical interaction revealed in our study provides an example of an interspecies signaling pathway monitoring the bacterial flora around the cyanobacterial filaments and the induction of intrinsic species-specific metabolic responses. IMPORTANCE The regulation of the production of cyanopeptides beyond microcystin is essential to understand their ecological role in complex microbial communities, e.g., harmful cyanobacterial blooms. The role of chemical communication between the cyanobacterium and the epibionts within its phycosphere is at an initial stage of research, and little is understood about its specificity. The frequency of cyanopeptide occurrence also demonstrates the need to understand the contribution of cyanobacterial peptides to the overall biological impact of cyanopeptides on aquatic organisms and vertebrates, including humans. Our results shed light on the epibiont control of microviridin production via quorum-sensing mechanisms, and we posit that such mechanisms may be widespread in natural cyanobacterial bloom community regulation.	1
Title: Ribosomally derived lipopeptides containing distinct fatty acyl moieties Abstract: Lipopeptides represent a large group of microbial natural products that include important antibacterial and antifungal drugs and some of the most-powerful known biosurfactants. The vast majority of lipopeptides comprise cyclic peptide backbones N-terminally equipped with various fatty acyl moieties. The known compounds of this type are biosynthesized by nonribosomal peptide synthetases, giant enzyme complexes that assemble their products in a non-gene-encoded manner. Here, we report the genome-guided discovery of ribosomally derived, fatty-acylated lipopeptides, termed selidamides. Heterologous reconstitution of three pathways, two from cyanobacteria and one from an arctic, ocean-derived alphaproteobacterium, allowed structural characterization of the probable natural products and suggest that selidamides are widespread over various bacterial phyla. The identified representatives feature cyclic peptide moieties and fatty acyl units attached to (hydroxy)ornithine or lysine side chains by maturases of the GCN5-related N-acetyltransferase superfamily. In contrast to nonribosomal lipopeptides that are usually produced as congener mixtures, the three selidamides are selectively fatty acylated with C10, C12, or C16 fatty acids, respectively. These results highlight the ability of ribosomal pathways to emulate products with diverse, nonribosomal-like features and add to the biocatalytic toolbox for peptide drug improvement and targeted discovery.	1
Title: Bioinformatics-Guided Expansion and Discovery of Graspetides Abstract: Graspetides are a class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide natural products featuring ATP-grasp ligase-dependent formation of macrolactones/macrolactams. These modifications arise from serine, threonine, or lysine donor residues linked to aspartate or glutamate acceptor residues. Characterized graspetides include serine protease inhibitors such as the microviridins and plesiocin. Here, we report an update to Rapid ORF Description and Evaluation Online (RODEO) for the automated detection of graspetides, which identified 3,923 high-confidence graspetide biosynthetic gene clusters. Sequence and co-occurrence analyses doubled the number of graspetide groups from 12 to 24, defined based on core consensus sequence and putative secondary modification. Bioinformatic analyses of the ATP-grasp ligase superfamily suggest that extant graspetide synthetases diverged once from an ancestral ATP-grasp ligase and later evolved to introduce a variety of ring connectivities. Furthermore, we characterized thatisin and iso-thatisin, two graspetides related by conformational stereoisomerism from Lysobacter antibioticus. Derived from a newly identified graspetide group, thatisin and iso-thatisin feature two interlocking macrolactones with identical ring connectivity, as determined by a combination of tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS), methanolytic, and mutational analyses. NMR spectroscopy of thatisin revealed a cis conformation for a key proline residue, while molecular dynamics simulations, solvent-accessible surface area calculations, and partial methanolytic analysis coupled with MS/MS support a trans conformation for iso-thatisin at the same position. Overall, this work provides a comprehensive overview of the graspetide landscape, and the improved RODEO algorithm will accelerate future graspetide discoveries by enabling open-access analysis of existing and emerging genomes.	1
Title: Genome-Guided Discovery of the First Myxobacterial Biarylitide Myxarylin Reveals Distinct C-N Biaryl Crosslinking in RiPP Biosynthesis Abstract: Ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) are a structurally diverse group of natural products. They feature a wide range of intriguing post-translational modifications, as exemplified by the biarylitides. These are a family of cyclic tripeptides found in Planomonospora, carrying a biaryl linkage between two aromatic amino acids. Recent genomic analyses revealed that the minimal biosynthetic prerequisite of biarylitide biosynthesis consists of only one ribosomally synthesized pentapeptide precursor as the substrate and a modifying cytochrome-P450-dependent enzyme. In silico analyses revealed that minimal biarylitide RiPP clusters are widespread among natural product producers across phylogenetic borders, including myxobacteria. We report here the genome-guided discovery of the first myxobacterial biarylitide MeYLH, termed Myxarylin, from Pyxidicoccus fallax An d48. Myxarylin was found to be an N-methylated tripeptide that surprisingly exhibits a C-N biaryl crosslink. In contrast to Myxarylin, previously isolated biarylitides are N-acetylated tripeptides that feature a C-C biaryl crosslink. Furthermore, the formation of Myxarylin was confirmed by the heterologous expression of the identified biosynthetic genes in Myxococcus xanthus DK1622. These findings expand the structural and biosynthetic scope of biarylitide-type RiPPs and emphasize the distinct biochemistry found in the myxobacterial realm.	1
Title: Discovery of varlaxins, new aeruginosin-type inhibitors of human trypsins Abstract: Low-molecular weight natural products display vast structural diversity and have played a key role in the development of novel therapeutics. Here we report the discovery of novel members of the aeruginosin family of natural products, which we named varlaxins. The chemical structures of varlaxins 1046A and 1022A were determined using a combination of mass spectrometry, analysis of one- and two-dimensional NMR spectra, and HPLC analysis of Marfey's derivatives. These analyses revealed that varlaxins 1046A and 1022A are composed of the following moieties: 2-O-methylglyceric acid 3-O-sulfate, isoleucine, 2-carboxy-6-hydroxyoctahydroindole (Choi), and a terminal arginine derivative. Varlaxins 1046A and 1022A differ in the cyclization of this arginine moiety. Interestingly, an unusual α-D-glucopyranose moiety derivatized with two 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid residues was bound to Choi, a structure not previously reported for other members of the aeruginosin family. We sequenced the complete genome of Nostoc sp. UHCC 0870 and identified the putative 36 kb varlaxin biosynthetic gene cluster. Bioinformatics analysis confirmed that varlaxins belong to the aeruginosin family of natural products. Varlaxins 1046A and 1022A strongly inhibited the three human trypsin isoenzymes with IC50 of 0.62-3.6 nM and 97-230 nM, respectively, including a prometastatic trypsin-3, which is a therapeutically relevant target in several types of cancer. These results substantially broaden the genetic and chemical diversity of the aeruginosin family and provide evidence that the aeruginosin family is a source of strong inhibitors of human serine proteases.	1
Title: Heterologous Expression and Biochemical Analysis Reveal a Schizokinen-Based Siderophore Pathway in Leptolyngbya (Cyanobacteria) Abstract: Siderophores are low molecular weight iron-chelating molecules that many organisms secrete to scavenge ferric iron from the environment. While cyanobacteria inhabit a wide range of environments with poor iron availability, only two siderophore families have been characterized from this phylum. Herein, we sought to investigate siderophore production in the marine genus, Leptolyngbya. A 12 open reading frame (14.5 kb) putative nonribosomal peptide synthetase-independent siderophore biosynthesis gene cluster, identified in the genome of Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7376, was cloned and heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli. Under iron-limiting conditions, expression strains harboring the first seven genes (lidA to lidF), produced a potent siderophore, which was subsequently identified via UPLC-MS/MS and NMR as schizokinen. The enzymes encoded by the remaining genes (lidG1 to lidG5) did not appear to be active in E. coli, therefore their function could not be determined. Bioinformatic analysis revealed gene clusters with high homology to lidA to lidF in phylogenetically and biogeographically diverse cyanobacteria, suggesting that schizokinen-based siderophore production is widespread in this phylum. Siderophore yields in E. coli expression strains were significantly higher than those achieved by Leptolyngbya, highlighting the potential of this platform for producing siderophores of industrial value. IMPORTANCE Iron availability limits the growth of many microorganisms, particularly those residing in high nutrient-low chlorophyll aquatic environments. Therefore, characterizing iron acquisition pathways in phytoplankton is essential for understanding nutrient cycling in our oceans. The results of this study suggest that Leptolyngbya sp. PCC 7376, and many other cyanobacteria, use schizokinen-based iron chelators (siderophores) to scavenge iron from the environment. We have shown that these pathways are amenable to heterologous expression in E. coli, which expands the limited arsenal of known cyanobacterial siderophores and is advantageous for the downstream overproduction of relevant siderophores of ecological and industrial value.	1
Title: Characterization of the Aminosugar Biosynthetic and Regulatory Genes of Vicenistatin in Monodonata labio-Associated Streptomyces parvus SCSIO Mla-L010 Abstract: Vicenistatin (1) is a potent polyketide antitumor antibiotic composed of a 20-membered macrolactam core appended to a unique aminosugar, vicenisamine. In this study, vicenistatin was isolated and its biosynthetic gene cluster identified from Monodonata labio-associated Streptomyces parvus SCSIO Mla-L010. A set of five genes, vicC, vicD, vicE, vicF, and vicG, was confirmed to be involved in the biosynthesis of the aminosugar by gene inactivations. VicG was characterized as an N-methyltransferase that catalyzes the methylation of the 4'-amino group in the last step of the aminosugar biosynthetic pathway; the N-demethyl intermediate 4'-N-demethylvicenistatin (2) was isolated from the ΔvicG mutant strain. In addition, vicR1 was characterized as a positive pathway-specific regulatory gene. Notably, N-demethyl compound 2 was found to exert impressive antibacterial activities, with MIC values spanning 0.06-4 μg/mL, against a panel of Gram-positive bacteria including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Gram-negative Helicobacter pylori, and mycobacterium Mycobacterium smegmatis and the fungal pathogen Candida albicans. Compound 2 was also found to display reduced cytotoxicities relative to vicenistatin, especially against noncancerous human cell lines.	1
Title: N-Acetyl-Cysteinylated Streptophenazines from Streptomyces Abstract: Here, we describe two N-acetyl-cysteinylated streptophenazines (1 and 2) produced by the soil-derived Streptomyces sp. ID63040 and identified through a metabolomic approach. These metabolites attracted our interest due to their low occurrence frequency in a large library of fermentation broth extracts and their consistent presence in biological replicates of the producer strain. The compounds were found to possess broad-spectrum antibacterial activity while exhibiting low cytotoxicity. The biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptomyces sp. ID63040 was found to be highly similar to the streptophenazine reference cluster in the MIBiG database, which originates from the marine Streptomyces sp. CNB-091. Compounds 1 and 2 were the main streptophenazine products from Streptomyces sp. ID63040 at all cultivation times but were not detected in Streptomyces sp. CNB-091. The lack of obvious candidates for cysteinylation in the Streptomyces sp. ID63040 biosynthetic gene cluster suggests that the N-acetyl-cysteine moiety derives from cellular functions, most likely from mycothiol. Overall, our data represent an interesting example of how to leverage metabolomics for the discovery of new natural products and point out the often-neglected contribution of house-keeping cellular functions to natural product diversification.	1
Title: Cross-kingdom expression of synthetic genetic elements promotes discovery of metabolites in the human microbiome Abstract: Small molecules encoded by biosynthetic pathways mediate cross-species interactions and harbor untapped potential, which has provided valuable compounds for medicine and biotechnology. Since studying biosynthetic gene clusters in their native context is often difficult, alternative efforts rely on heterologous expression, which is limited by host-specific metabolic capacity and regulation. Here, we describe a computational-experimental technology to redesign genes and their regulatory regions with hybrid elements for cross-species expression in Gram-negative and -positive bacteria and eukaryotes, decoupling biosynthetic capacity from host-range constraints to activate silenced pathways. These synthetic genetic elements enabled the discovery of a class of microbiome-derived nucleotide metabolites-tyrocitabines-from Lactobacillus iners. Tyrocitabines feature a remarkable orthoester-phosphate, inhibit translational activity, and invoke unexpected biosynthetic machinery, including a class of "Amadori synthases" and "abortive" tRNA synthetases. Our approach establishes a general strategy for the redesign, expression, mobilization, and characterization of genetic elements in diverse organisms and communities.	1
Title: Draft Genome Sequences of Marine Isolates of Thalassomonas viridans and Thalassomonas actiniarum Abstract: Thalassomonas viridans and Thalassomonas actiniarum are aerobic Gram-negative bacilli which belong to a genus that has not received much attention, even though, as demonstrated here by the sequencing of their genomes, they are quite different from their closest relatives in current databases. Their genomes are relatively large at 7.7 and 7.4 Mb, respectively. This brief report describes the first draft genomes for any Thalassomonas species.	1
Title: ClpP inhibitors are produced by a widespread family of bacterial gene clusters Abstract: The caseinolytic protease (ClpP) is part of a highly conserved proteolytic complex whose disruption can lead to antibacterial activity but for which few specific inhibitors have been discovered. Specialized metabolites produced by bacteria have been shaped by evolution for specific functions, making them a potential source of selective ClpP inhibitors. Here, we describe a target-directed genome mining strategy for discovering ClpP-interacting compounds by searching for biosynthetic gene clusters that contain duplicated copies of ClpP as putative antibiotic resistance genes. We identify a widespread family of ClpP-associated clusters that are known to produce pyrrolizidine alkaloids but whose connection to ClpP has never been made. We show that previously characterized molecules do not affect ClpP function but are shunt metabolites derived from the genuine product of these gene clusters, a reactive covalent ClpP inhibitor. Focusing on one such cryptic gene cluster from Streptomyces cattleya, we identify the relevant inhibitor, which we name clipibicyclene, and show that it potently and selectively inactivates ClpP. Finally, we solve the crystal structure of clipibicyclene-modified Escherichia coli ClpP. Clipibicyclene's discovery reveals the authentic function of a family of natural products whose specificity for ClpP and abundance in nature illuminate the role of eco-evolutionary forces during bacterial competition.	1
Title: Hunting the eagle killer: A cyanobacterial neurotoxin causes vacuolar myelinopathy Abstract: Vacuolar myelinopathy is a fatal neurological disease that was initially discovered during a mysterious mass mortality of bald eagles in Arkansas in the United States. The cause of this wildlife disease has eluded scientists for decades while its occurrence has continued to spread throughout freshwater reservoirs in the southeastern United States. Recent studies have demonstrated that vacuolar myelinopathy is induced by consumption of the epiphytic cyanobacterial species Aetokthonos hydrillicola growing on aquatic vegetation, primarily the invasive Hydrilla verticillata Here, we describe the identification, biosynthetic gene cluster, and biological activity of aetokthonotoxin, a pentabrominated biindole alkaloid that is produced by the cyanobacterium A. hydrillicola We identify this cyanobacterial neurotoxin as the causal agent of vacuolar myelinopathy and discuss environmental factors-especially bromide availability-that promote toxin production.	1
Title: Domoic acid biosynthesis in the red alga Chondria armata suggests a complex evolutionary history for toxin production Abstract: Domoic acid (DA), the causative agent of amnesic shellfish poisoning, is produced by select organisms within two distantly related algal clades: planktonic diatoms and red macroalgae. The biosynthetic pathway to isodomoic acid A was recently solved in the harmful algal bloom-forming diatom Pseudonitzschia multiseries, establishing the genetic basis for the global production of this potent neurotoxin. Herein, we sequenced the 507-Mb genome of Chondria armata, the red macroalgal seaweed from which DA was first isolated in the 1950s, identifying several copies of the red algal DA (rad) biosynthetic gene cluster. The rad genes are organized similarly to the diatom DA biosynthesis cluster in terms of gene synteny, including a cytochrome P450 (CYP450) enzyme critical to DA production that is notably absent in red algae that produce the simpler kainoid neurochemical, kainic acid. The biochemical characterization of the N-prenyltransferase (RadA) and kainoid synthase (RadC) enzymes support a slightly altered DA biosynthetic model in C. armata via the congener isodomoic acid B, with RadC behaving more like the homologous diatom enzyme despite higher amino acid similarity to red algal kainic acid synthesis enzymes. A phylogenetic analysis of the rad genes suggests unique origins for the red macroalgal and diatom genes in their respective hosts, with native eukaryotic CYP450 neofunctionalization combining with the horizontal gene transfer of N-prenyltransferases and kainoid synthases to establish DA production within the algal lineages.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of fluopsin C, a copper-containing antibiotic from Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Metal-binding natural products contribute to metal acquisition and bacterial virulence, but their roles in metal stress response are underexplored. We show that a five-enzyme pathway in Pseudomonas aeruginosa synthesizes a small-molecule copper complex, fluopsin C, in response to elevated copper concentrations. Fluopsin C is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that contains a copper ion chelated by two minimal thiohydroxamates. Biosynthesis of the thiohydroxamate begins with cysteine and requires two lyases, two iron-dependent enzymes, and a methyltransferase. The iron-dependent enzymes remove the carboxyl group and the α carbon from cysteine through decarboxylation, N-hydroxylation, and methylene excision. Conservation of the pathway in P. aeruginosa and other bacteria suggests a common role for fluopsin C in the copper stress response, which involves fusing copper into an antibiotic against other microbes.	1
Title: Genome Mining of Aspergillus hancockii Unearths Cryptic Polyketide Hancockinone A Featuring a Prenylated 6/6/6/5 Carbocyclic Skeleton Abstract: Activation of a cryptic polyketide synthase gene cluster hkn from Aspergillus hancockii via overexpression of the gene-cluster-specific transcription factor HknR led to the discovery of a novel polycyclic metabolite, which we named hancockinone A. The compound features an unprecedented prenylated 6/6/6/5 tetracarbocyclic skeleton and shows moderate antibacterial activity. Heterologous expression, substrate feeding, and in vitro assays confirmed the role of cytochrome P450 HknE in constructing the five-membered ring in hancockinone A from the precursor neosartoricin B.	1
Title: Discovery, Biosynthetic Origin, and Heterologous Production of Massinidine, an Antiplasmodial Alkaloid Abstract: Bacteria of the genus Massilia represent an underexplored source of bioactive natural products. Here, we report the discovery of massinidine (1), a guanidine alkaloid with antiplasmodial activity, from these microbes. The unusual scaffold of massinidine is shown to originate from l-phenylalanine, acetate, and l-arginine. Massinidine biosynthesis genes were identified in the native producer and validated through heterologous expression in Myxococcus xanthus. Bioinformatic analyses indicate that the potential for massinidine biosynthesis is distributed in various proteobacteria.	1
Title: Genomic Insights into Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Producing Shewanella sp. N2AIL from Fish Gut Abstract: The genus Shewanella is widely distributed in niches ranging from an aquatic environment to spoiled fish and is loaded with various ecologically and commercially important metabolites. Bacterial species under this genus find application in bioelectricity generation and bioremediation due to their capability to use pollutants as the terminal electron acceptor and could produce health-beneficial omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Here, the genome sequence of an EPA-producing bacterium, Shewanella sp. N2AIL, isolated from the gastrointestinal tract of Tilapia fish, is reported. The genome size of the strain was 4.8 Mb with a GC content of 46.3% containing 4385 protein-coding genes. Taxonogenomic analysis assigned this strain to the genus Shewanella on the basis of average nucleotide identity (ANI) and in silico DNA-DNA hybridization (DDH), phylogenetically most closely related with S. baltica NCTC 10735T. The comparative genome analysis with the type strain of S. baltica revealed 693 unique genes in the strain N2AIL, highlighting the variation at the strain level. The genes associated with stress adaptation, secondary metabolite production, antibiotic resistance, and metal reduction were identified in the genome suggesting the potential of the bacterium to be explored as an industrially important strain. PUFA synthase gene cluster of size ~20.5 kb comprising all the essential domains for EPA biosynthesis arranged in five ORFs was also identified in the strain N2AIL. The study provides genomic insights into the diverse genes of Shewanella sp. N2AIL, which is particularly involved in adaptation strategies and prospecting secondary metabolite potential, specifically the biosynthesis of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.	1
Title: High Plasticity of the Amicetin Biosynthetic Pathway in Streptomyces sp. SHP 22-7 Led to the Discovery of Streptcytosine P and Cytosaminomycins F and G and Facilitated the Production of 12F-Plicacetin Abstract: A chemical reinvestigation of the Indonesian strain Streptomyces sp. SHP 22-7 led to the isolation of three new pyrimidine nucleosides, along with six known analogues and zincphyrin. The structures of the new compounds (6, 7, 10) were elucidated by employing spectroscopic techniques (NMR, MS, CD, and IR) as well as enantioselective analyses of methyl branched side chain configurations. Application of the precursor-directed feeding approach led to the production and partial isolation of nine further pyrimidine analogues. The new compounds 6, 7, and 11 and three of the known compounds (2-4) were found to possess antimycobacterial and cytotoxic properties.	1
Title: A naturally inspired antibiotic to target multidrug-resistant pathogens Abstract: Gram-negative bacteria are responsible for an increasing number of deaths caused by antibiotic-resistant infections1,2. The bacterial natural product colistin is considered the last line of defence against a number of Gram-negative pathogens. The recent global spread of the plasmid-borne mobilized colistin-resistance gene mcr-1 (phosphoethanolamine transferase) threatens the usefulness of colistin3. Bacteria-derived antibiotics often appear in nature as collections of similar structures that are encoded by evolutionarily related biosynthetic gene clusters. This structural diversity is, at least in part, expected to be a response to the development of natural resistance, which often mechanistically mimics clinical resistance. Here we propose that a solution to mcr-1-mediated resistance might have evolved among naturally occurring colistin congeners. Bioinformatic analysis of sequenced bacterial genomes identified a biosynthetic gene cluster that was predicted to encode a structurally divergent colistin congener. Chemical synthesis of this structure produced macolacin, which is active against Gram-negative pathogens expressing mcr-1 and intrinsically resistant pathogens with chromosomally encoded phosphoethanolamine transferase genes. These Gram-negative bacteria include extensively drug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii and intrinsically colistin-resistant Neisseria gonorrhoeae, which, owing to a lack of effective treatment options, are considered among the highest level threat pathogens4. In a mouse neutropenic infection model, a biphenyl analogue of macolacin proved to be effective against extensively drug-resistant A. baumannii with colistin-resistance, thus providing a naturally inspired and easily produced therapeutic lead for overcoming colistin-resistant pathogens.	1
Title: Lapcin, a potent dual topoisomerase I/II inhibitor discovered by soil metagenome guided total chemical synthesis Abstract: In natural product discovery programs, the power of synthetic chemistry is often leveraged for the total synthesis and diversification of characterized metabolites. The synthesis of structures that are bioinformatically predicted to arise from uncharacterized biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) provides a means for synthetic chemistry to enter this process at an early stage. The recent identification of non-ribosomal peptides (NRPs) containing multiple ρ-aminobenzoic acids (PABAs) led us to search soil metagenomes for BGCs that polymerize PABA. Here, we use PABA-specific adenylation-domain sequences to guide the cloning of the lap BGC directly from soil. This BGC was predicted to encode a unique N-acylated PABA and thiazole containing structure. Chemical synthesis of this structure gave lapcin, a dual topoisomerase I/II inhibitor with nM to pM IC50s against diverse cancer cell lines. The discovery of lapcin highlights the power of coupling metagenomics, bioinformatics and total chemical synthesis to unlock the biosynthetic potential contained in even complex uncharacterized BGCs.	1
Title: Investigation of the Molecular Landscape of Bacterial Aromatic Polyketides by Global Analysis of Type II Polyketide Synthases Abstract: Aromatic polyketides biosynthesized by microorganisms are a prominent class of natural products widely used in clinical treatments. Although genome mining approaches have accelerated the discovery of these molecules, the molecular diversity, abundance, and distribution of bacterial aromatic polyketides at a global scale remain elusive. Here, we provide a global atlas of bacterial aromatic polyketides based on large-scale analysis of type II polyketide synthases. We first established the chain length factor protein as a marker that can predict both chemical class and molecular uniqueness of the biosynthetic product, and analyzed the abundance, taxonomic distribution, estimated structural diversity, and the total number of aromatic polyketides in bacteria. We further show the identification of oryzanaphthopyrans with an unprecedented angular naphthopyran scaffold from a rare actinobacterium by genome mining guided by the global atlas. These results serve as a compass for exploiting the entire type II polyketide synthase-derived aromatic polyketides in bacteria.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450 Monooxygenase for Catalyzing C-42 Hydroxylation of the Glycine-Derived Fragment in Hangtaimycin Biosynthesis Abstract: A hybrid trans-AT PKS/NRPS gene cluster htm was identified with defined boundaries for hangtaimycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces spectabilis CPCC200148. Deoxyhangtaimycin, a new derivative of hangtaimycin, was identified from the htm11 gene knockout mutant. In vitro biochemical assays demonstrated that the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase Htm11 was responsible for the stereoselective hydroxylation of deoxyhangtaimycin to hangtaimycin. More importantly, deoxyhangtaimycin showed activity against influenza A virus at the micromolar level, highlighting its potential as an antiviral lead compound.	1
Title: Identification of a poly-cyclopropylglycine-containing peptide via bioinformatic mapping of radical S-adenosylmethionine enzymes Abstract: Peptide-derived natural products are a large class of bioactive molecules that often contain chemically challenging modifications. In the biosynthesis of ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptides (RiPPs), radical-SAM (rSAM) enzymes have been shown to catalyze the formation of ether, thioether, and carbon-carbon bonds on the precursor peptide. The installation of these bonds typically establishes the skeleton of the mature RiPP. To facilitate the search for unexplored rSAM-dependent RiPPs for the community, we employed a bioinformatic strategy to screen a subfamily of peptide-modifying rSAM enzymes which are known to bind up to three [4Fe-4S] clusters. A sequence similarity network was used to partition related families of rSAM enzymes into >250 clusters. Using representative sequences, genome neighborhood diagrams were generated using the Genome Neighborhood Tool. Manual inspection of bacterial genomes yielded numerous putative rSAM-dependent RiPP pathways with unique features. From this analysis, we identified and experimentally characterized the rSAM enzyme, TvgB, from the tvg gene cluster from Halomonas anticariensis. In the tvg gene cluster, the precursor peptide, TvgA, is comprised of a repeating TVGG motif. Structural characterization of the TvgB product revealed the repeated formation of cyclopropylglycine, where a new bond is formed between the γ-carbons on the precursor valine. This novel RiPP modification broadens the functional potential of rSAM enzymes and validates the proposed bioinformatic approach as a practical broad search tool for the discovery of new RiPP topologies.	1
Title: Identification, Characterization, and Synthesis of Natural Parasitic Cysteine Protease Inhibitors: Pentacitidins Are More Potent Falcitidin Analogues Abstract: Protease inhibitors represent a promising therapeutic option for the treatment of parasitic diseases such as malaria and human African trypanosomiasis. Falcitidin was the first member of a new class of inhibitors of falcipain-2, a cysteine protease of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum. Using a metabolomics dataset of 25 Chitinophaga strains for molecular networking enabled identification of over 30 natural analogues of falcitidin. Based on MS/MS spectra, they vary in their amino acid chain length, sequence, acyl residue, and C-terminal functionalization; therefore, they were grouped into the four falcitidin peptide families A-D. The isolation, characterization, and absolute structure elucidation of two falcitidin-related pentapeptide aldehyde analogues by extensive MS/MS spectrometry and NMR spectroscopy in combination with advanced Marfey's analysis was in agreement with the in silico analysis of the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster. Total synthesis of chosen pentapeptide analogues followed by in vitro testing against a panel of proteases revealed selective parasitic cysteine protease inhibition and, additionally, low-micromolar inhibition of α-chymotrypsin. The pentapeptides investigated here showed superior inhibitory activity compared to falcitidin.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Tasikamides via Pathway Coupling and Diazonium-Mediated Hydrazone Formation Abstract: Naturally occurring hydrazones are rare despite the ubiquitous usage of synthetic hydrazones in the preparation of organic compounds and functional materials. In this study, we discovered a family of novel microbial metabolites (tasikamides) that share a unique cyclic pentapeptide scaffold. Surprisingly, tasikamides A-C (1-3) contain a hydrazone group (C═N─N) that joins the cyclic peptide scaffold to an alkyl 5-hydroxylanthranilate (AHA) moiety. We discovered that the biosynthesis of 1-3 requires two discrete gene clusters, with one encoding a nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) pathway for assembling the cyclic peptide scaffold and another encoding the AHA-synthesizing pathway. The AHA gene cluster encodes three ancillary enzymes that catalyze the diazotization of AHA to yield an aryl diazonium species (diazo-AHA). The electrophilic diazo-AHA undergoes nonenzymatic Japp-Klingemann coupling with a β-keto aldehyde-containing cyclic peptide precursor to furnish the hydrazone group and yield 1-3. The studies together unraveled a novel mechanism whereby specialized metabolites are formed by the coupling of two biosynthetic pathways via an unprecedented in vivo Japp-Klingemann reaction. The findings raise the prospect of exploiting the arylamine-diazotizing enzymes (AAD) for the in vivo synthesis of aryl compounds and modification of biological macromolecules.	1
Title: Discovery of unusual dimeric piperazyl cyclopeptides encoded by a Lentzea flaviverrucosa DSM 44664 biosynthetic supercluster Abstract: Rare actinomycetes represent an underexploited source of new bioactive compounds. Here, we report the use of a targeted metabologenomic approach to identify piperazyl compounds in the rare actinomycete Lentzea flaviverrucosa DSM 44664. These efforts to identify molecules that incorporate piperazate building blocks resulted in the discovery and structural elucidation of two dimeric biaryl-cyclohexapeptides, petrichorins A and B. Petrichorin B is a symmetric homodimer similar to the known compound chloptosin, but petrichorin A is unique among known piperazyl cyclopeptides because it is an asymmetric heterodimer. Due to the structural complexity of petrichorin A, solving its structure required a combination of several standard chemical methods plus in silico modeling, strain mutagenesis, and solving the structure of its biosynthetic intermediate petrichorin C for confident assignment. Furthermore, we found that the piperazyl cyclopeptides comprising each half of the petrichorin A heterodimer are made via two distinct nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) assembly lines, and the responsible NRPS enzymes are encoded within a contiguous biosynthetic supercluster on the L. flaviverrucosa chromosome. Requiring promiscuous cytochrome p450 crosslinking events for asymmetric and symmetric biaryl production, petrichorins A and B exhibited potent in vitro activity against A2780 human ovarian cancer, HT1080 fibrosarcoma, PC3 human prostate cancer, and Jurkat human T lymphocyte cell lines with IC50 values at low nM levels. Cyclic piperazyl peptides and their crosslinked derivatives are interesting drug leads, and our findings highlight the potential for heterodimeric bicyclic peptides such as petrichorin A for inclusion in future pharmaceutical design and discovery programs.	1
Title: Detection and characterization of a rare two-component lantibiotic, amyloliquecidin GF610 produced by Bacillus velezensis, using a combination of culture, molecular and bioinformatic analyses Abstract: Aim:                       To detect and characterize novel lantibiotics from a collection of Bacillus spp. using a multifaceted analytical approach.                  Methods and results:                       A previously completed microassay identified 45 Bacillus isolates with anti-Listeria activity. The isolates were PCR screened using degenerate primers targeting conserved sequences in lanM-type lantibiotics. B. velezensis GF610 produced a PCR product whose sequence, along with genome mining and bioinformatics, guided the liquid chromatographic analysis of strain's cell-free extracts and the mass spectrometry of purified fractions. Results revealed a new amyloliquecidin variant (designated GF610) produced by the strain. Amyloliquecidin GF610 is a two-component lantibiotic with α and β peptides having monoisotopic masses of 3026 and 2451 Da, and molecular formulae C130 H191 N35 O39 S5 and C110 H158 N26 O30 S4 , respectively. Amyloliquecidin GF610 is active against Listeria monocytogenes, Clostridium sporogenes, Clostridioides difficile, Staphylococcus aureus and Alicyclobacillus acidoterrestris with minimum inhibitory concentrations (MICs) in the range of 0.5-7.0 µmol l-1 .                  Conclusions:                       The proposed multifaceted analytical approach was valuable to provide a deep and proper characterization of a novel bacteriocin, amyloliquecidin GF610, with high antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive bacteria.                  Significance and impact:                       The discovered Amyloliquecidin GF610 is potentially useful in food, agricultural or medical applications. The analytical approach followed may facilitate future discoveries of two-component lantibiotics, which are challenging compounds to detect and characterize.	1
Title: Substrate Recognition by the Peptidyl-( S)-2-mercaptoglycine Synthase TglHI during 3-Thiaglutamate Biosynthesis Abstract: 3-Thiaglutamate is a recently identified amino acid analog originating from cysteine. During its biosynthesis, cysteinyl-tRNA is first enzymatically appended to the C-terminus of TglA, a 50-residue ribosomally translated peptide scaffold. After hydrolytic removal of the tRNA, this cysteine residue undergoes modification on the scaffold before eventual proteolysis of the nascent 3-thiaglutamyl residue to release 3-thiaglutamate and regenerate TglA. One of the modifications of TglACys requires a complex of two polypeptides, TglH and TglI, which uses nonheme iron and O2 to catalyze the removal of the peptidyl-cysteine β-methylene group, oxidation of this Cβ atom to formate, and reattachment of the thiol group to the α carbon. Herein, we use in vitro transcription-coupled translation and expressed protein ligation to characterize the role of the TglA scaffold in TglHI recognition and determine the specificity of TglHI with respect to the C-terminal residues of its substrate TglACys. The results of these experiments establish a synthetically accessible TglACys fragment sufficient for modification by TglHI and identify the l-selenocysteine analog of TglACys, TglASec, as an inhibitor of TglHI. These insights as well as a predicted structure and native mass spectrometry data set the stage for deeper mechanistic investigation of the complex TglHI-catalyzed reaction.	1
Title: Targeted Genome Mining Reveals the Psychrophilic Clostridium estertheticum Complex as a Potential Source for Novel Bacteriocins, Including Cesin A and Estercticin A Abstract: Antimicrobial resistance in pathogenic bacteria is considered a major public health issue necessitating the discovery of alternative antimicrobial compounds. In this regard, targeted genome mining in bacteria occupying under-explored ecological niches has the potential to reveal such compounds, including bacteriocins. In this study, we determined the bacteriocin biosynthetic potential of the psychrophilic Clostridium estertheticum complex (CEC) through a combination of genome mining and phenotypic screening assays. The genome mining was performed in 40 CEC genomes using antiSMASH. The production of bacteriocin-like compounds was phenotypically validated through agar well (primary screening) and disk diffusion (secondary screening) assays using cell free supernatants (CFS) and partially purified extracts, respectively. Stability of four selected CFS against proteolytic enzymes, temperature and pH was determined while one CFS was analyzed by HRMS and MS/MS to identify potential bacteriocins. Twenty novel bacteriocin biosynthetic gene clusters (BBGC), which were classified into eight (six lantibiotics and two sactipeptides) distinct groups, were discovered in 18 genomes belonging to C. estertheticum (n = 12), C. tagluense (n = 3) and genomospecies2 (n = 3). Primary screening linked six BBGC with narrow antimicrobial activity against closely related clostridia species. All four preselected CFS retained activity after exposure to different proteolytic, temperature and pH conditions. Secondary screening linked BBGC1 and BBGC7 encoding a lantibiotic and sactipeptide, respectively, with activity against Bacillus cereus while lantibiotic-encoding BBGC2 and BBGC3 were linked with activity against B. cereus, Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-resistant), Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. MS/MS analysis revealed that C. estertheticum CF004 produces cesin A, a short natural variant of nisin, and HRMS indicated the production of a novel sactipeptide named estercticin A. Therefore, we have shown the CEC, in particular C. estertheticum, is a source of novel and stable bacteriocins that have activities against clinically relevant pathogens.	1
Title: Characterization of Histidine Functionalization and Its Timing in the Biosynthesis of Ribosomally Synthesized and Posttranslationally Modified Thioamitides Abstract: Thioamitides are ribosomally synthesized and posttranslationally modified peptide (RiPP) natural products that hold great potential in anticancer drug development. Members in this RiPP family feature a thioamidated peptidyl chain conjugated with a macrocyclic ring system that contains two nonproteinogenic residues, 2-aminovinyl-cysteine (AviCys) and β-hydroxy-N,N-dimethyl-l-histidine (hdmHis). Focusing on the hdmHis residue that is unique to thioamitides, we report the enzymatic process for His functionalization and, more importantly, the timing of its related reactions with the other posttranslational modifications (PTMs) involved in thioamitide biosynthesis. His functionalization involves the activities of an S-adenosyl-l-methionine-dependent protein and a 2-oxoglutarate-Fe(II) monooxygenase for His bis-N-dimethylation and subsequent β-hydroxylation in a highly ordered manner. This process relies on the leader peptide sequence of the precursor peptide and on the establishment of the AviCys-containing, C-terminal macrocyclic ring system in particular. In contrast, prior peptide thioamidation is not required. Knowledge gained from the catalytic logic, specificity, and compatibility of His functionalization greatly furthers our understanding of the process through which nature develops thioamitides from a ribosomally synthesized peptide precursor.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the Fungal Organophosphonate Fosfonochlorin Involves an Iron(II) and 2-(Oxo)glutarate Dependent Oxacyclase Abstract: The fungal metabolite Fosfonochlorin features a chloroacetyl moiety that is unusual within known phosphonate natural product biochemistry. Putative biosynthetic genes encoding Fosfonochlorin in Fusarium and Talaromyces spp. were investigated through reactions of encoded enzymes with synthetic substrates and isotope labelling studies. We show that the early biosynthetic steps for Fosfonochlorin involve the reduction of phosphonoacetaldehyde to form 2-hydroxyethylphosphonic acid, followed by oxidative intramolecular cyclization of the resulting alcohol to form (S)-epoxyethylphosphonic acid. The latter reaction is catalyzed by FfnD, a rare example of a non-heme iron/2-(oxo)glutarate dependent oxacyclase. In contrast, FfnD behaves as a more typical oxygenase with ethylphosphonic acid, producing (S)-1-hydroxyethylphosphonic acid. FfnD thus represents a new example of a ferryl generating enzyme that can suppress the typical oxygen rebound reaction that follows abstraction of a substrate hydrogen by a ferryl oxygen, thereby directing the substrate radical towards a fate other than hydroxylation.	1
Title: Identification and Heterologous Expression of the Kendomycin B Biosynthetic Gene Cluster from Verrucosispora sp. SCSIO 07399 Abstract: Verrucosispora sp. SCSIO 07399, a rare marine-derived actinomycete, produces a set of ansamycin-like polyketides kendomycin B-D (1-3) which possess potent antibacterial activities and moderate tumor cytotoxicity. Structurally, kendomycin B-D contain a unique aliphatic macrocyclic ansa scaffold in which the highly substituted pyran ring is connected to the quinone moiety. In this work, a type I/type III polyketide synthase (PKS) hybrid biosynthetic gene cluster coding for assembly of kendomycin B (kmy), and covering 33 open reading frames, was identified from Verrucosispora sp. SCSIO 07399. The kmy cluster was found to be essential for kendomycin B biosynthesis as verified by gene disruption and heterologous expression. Correspondingly, a biosynthetic pathway was proposed based on bioinformatics, cluster alignments, and previous research. Additionally, the role of type III PKS for generating the precursor unit 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid (3,5-DHBA) was demonstrated by chemical complementation, and type I PKS executed the polyketide chain elongation. The kmy cluster was found to contain a positive regulatory gene kmy4 whose regulatory effect was identified using real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR). These advances shed important new insights into kendomycin B biosynthesis and help to set the foundation for further research aimed at understanding and exploiting the carbacylic ansa scaffold.	1
Title: Genome-Guided Discovery of Highly Oxygenated Aromatic Polyketides, Saccharothrixins D-M, from the Rare Marine Actinomycete Saccharothrix sp. D09 Abstract: Angucyclines and angucyclinones are aromatic polyketides with intriguing structures and therapeutic value. Genome mining of the rare marine actinomycete Saccharothrix sp. D09 led to the identification of a type II polyketide synthase biosynthetic gene cluster, sxn, which encodes several distinct subclasses of oxidoreductases, implying that this strain has the potential to produce novel polycyclic aromatic polyketides with unusual redox modifications. The "one strain-many compounds" (OSMAC) strategy and comparative metabolite analysis facilitated the discovery of 20 angucycline derivatives from the D09 strain, including six new highly oxygenated saccharothrixins D-I (1-6), four new glycosylated saccharothrixins J-M (7-10), and 10 known analogues (11-20). Their structures were elucidated based on detailed HRESIMS, NMR spectroscopic, and X-ray crystallographic analysis. With the help of gene disruption and heterologous expression, we proposed their plausible biosynthetic pathways. In addition, compounds 3, 4, and 8 showed antibacterial activity against Helicobacter pylori with MIC values ranging from 16 to 32 μg/mL. Compound 3 also revealed anti-inflammatory activity by inhibiting the production of NO with an IC50 value of 28 μM.	1
Title: Identification and Analysis of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster for the Indolizidine Alkaloid Iminimycin in Streptomyces griseus Abstract: Indolizidine alkaloids, which have versatile bioactivities, are produced by various organisms. Although the biosynthesis of some indolizidine alkaloids has been studied, the enzymatic machinery for their biosynthesis in Streptomyces remains elusive. Here, we report the identification and analysis of the biosynthetic gene cluster for iminimycin, an indolizidine alkaloid with a 6-5-3 tricyclic system containing an iminium cation from Streptomyces griseus. The gene cluster has 22 genes, including four genes encoding polyketide synthases (PKSs), which consist of eight modules in total. In vitro analysis of the first module revealed that its acyltransferase domain selects malonyl-CoA, although predicted to select methylmalonyl-CoA. Inactivation of seven tailoring enzyme-encoding genes and structural elucidation of four compounds accumulated in mutants provided important insights into iminimycin biosynthesis, although some of these compounds appeared to be shunt products. This study expands our knowledge of the biosynthetic machinery of indolizidine alkaloids and the enzymatic chemistry of PKS.	1
Title: Characterization of the Biosynthetic Gene Cluster of Enterocin F4-9, a Glycosylated Bacteriocin Abstract: Enterocin F4-9 belongs to the glycocin family having post-translational modifications by two molecules of N-acetylglucosamine β-O-linked to Ser37 and Thr46. In this study, the biosynthetic gene cluster of enterocin F4-9 was cloned and expressed in Enterococcus faecalis JH2-2. Production of glycocin by the JH2-2 expression strain was confirmed by expression of the five genes. The molecular weight was greater than glycocin secreted by the wild strain, E. faecalis F4-9, because eight amino acids from the N-terminal leader sequence remained attached. This N-terminal extension was eliminated after treatment with the culture supernatant of strain F4-9, implying an extracellular protease from E. faecalis F4-9 cleaves the N-terminal sequence. Thus, leader sequences cleavage requires two steps: the first via the EnfT protease domain and the second via extracellular proteases. Interestingly, the long peptide, with N-terminal extension, demonstrated advanced antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Furthermore, enfC was responsible for glycosylation, a necessary step prior to secretion and cleavage of the leader peptide. In addition, enfI was found to grant self-immunity to producer cells against enterocin F4-9. This report demonstrates specifications of the minimal gene set responsible for production of enterocin F4-9, as well as a new biosynthetic mechanism of glycocins.	1
Title: Identification and Verification of the Prodigiosin Biosynthetic Gene Cluster (BGC) in Pseudoalteromonas rubra S4059 Abstract: Pseudoalteromonas rubra S4059 produces the red pigment prodigiosin, which has pharmaceutical and industrial potential. Here, we targeted a putative prodigiosin-synthesizing transferase PigC, and a pigC in-frame deletion mutant did not produce prodigiosin. However, extractions of the pigC mutant cultures retained antibacterial activity, and bioassay-guided fractionation found antibacterial activity in two fractions of blue color. A precursor of prodigiosin, 4-methoxy-2,2'-bipyrrole-5-carbaldehyde (MBC), was the dominant compound in both the fractions and likely caused the antibacterial activity. Also, a stable blue pigment, di-pyrrolyl-dipyrromethene prodigiosin, was identified from the two fractions. We also discovered antibacterial activity in the sterile filtered (nonextracted) culture supernatant of both wild type and mutant, and both contained a heat-sensitive compound between 30 and 100 kDa. Deletion of prodigiosin production did not affect growth rate or biofilm formation of P. rubra and did not change its fitness, as the mutant and wild type coexisted in equal levels in mixed cultures. In conclusion, a prodigiosin biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) was identified and verified genetically and chemically in P. rubra S4059 and a stable blue pigment was isolated from the pigC mutant of S4059, suggesting that this strain may produce several prodigiosin-derived compounds of pharmaceutical and/or industrial potential. IMPORTANCE Pigmented Pseudoalteromonas strains are renowned for their production of secondary metabolites, and genome mining has revealed a high number of biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) for which the chemistry is unknown. Identification of those BGCs is a prerequisite for linking products to gene clusters and for further exploitation through heterologous expression. In this study, we identified the BGCs for the red, bioactive pigment prodigiosin using genomic, genetic, and metabolomic approaches. We also report here for the first time the production of a stable blue pigment, di-pyrrolyl-dipyrromethene prodigiosin (Dip-PDG), being produced by the pigC mutant of Pseudoalteromonas rubra S4059.	1
Title: Skyllamycins D and E, Non-Ribosomal Cyclic Depsipeptides from Lichen-Sourced Streptomyces anulatus Abstract: The skyllamycins are a class of heavily modified, non-ribosomal peptides, first isolated from Streptomyces sp. KY11784. A Streptomyces strain with potent antibiotic activity against Bacillus subtilis was isolated from a sample of the New Zealand lichen Pseudocyphellaria dissimilis. Whole genome sequencing and biosynthetic gene cluster genetic analysis coupled with GNPS LCMS/MS molecular networking revealed that this strain had the capacity to produce skyllamycins, including previously undescribed congeners, and that these were likely the source of the observed biological activity. Guided by the results of the molecular networking, we isolated the previously reported skyllamycins A-C (1-3), along with two new congeners, skyllamycins D (4) and E (5). The structures of these compounds were elucidated using comprehensive 1D and 2D NMR analyses, along with HRESIMS fragmentation experiments. Antibacterial assays revealed that skyllamycin D possessed improved activity against B. subtilis E168 compared to previously reported congeners.	1
Title: Deciphering Chemical Mediators Regulating Specialized Metabolism in a Symbiotic Cyanobacterium Abstract: Genomes of cyanobacteria feature a variety of cryptic biosynthetic pathways for complex natural products, but the peculiarities limiting the discovery and exploitation of the metabolic dark matter are not well understood. Here we describe the discovery of two cell density-dependent chemical mediators, nostoclide and nostovalerolactone, in the symbiotic model strain Nostoc punctiforme, and demonstrate their pronounced impact on the regulation of specialized metabolism. Through transcriptional, bioinformatic and labeling studies we assigned two adjacent biosynthetic gene clusters to the biosynthesis of the two polyketide mediators. Our findings provide insight into the orchestration of specialized metabolite production and give lessons for the genomic mining and high-titer production of cyanobacterial bioactive compounds.	1
Title: Production and Uptake of Distinct Endogenous Catecholate-Type Siderophores Are Required for Iron Acquisition and Virulence in Chromobacterium violaceum Abstract: Bacteria use siderophores to scavenge iron from environmental or host sources. The iron acquisition systems of Chromobacterium violaceum, a ubiquitous environmental bacterium that can cause infections in humans, are still unknown. In this work, we demonstrated that C. violaceum produces putative distinct endogenous siderophores, here named chromobactin and viobactin, and showed that they are each required for iron uptake and virulence. An in silico analysis in the genome of C. violaceum revealed that genes related to synthesis and uptake of chromobactin (cba) and viobactin (vba) are located within two secondary-metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters. Using a combination of gene deletions and siderophore detection assays, we revealed that chromobactin and viobactin are catecholate siderophores synthesized from the common precursor 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate (2,3-DHB) on two nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) enzymes (CbaF and VbaF) and taken up by two TonB-dependent receptors (CbuA and VbuA). Infection assays in mice revealed that both the synthesis and the uptake of chromobactin or viobactin are required for the virulence of C. violaceum, since only the mutant strains that do not produce any siderophores or are unable to take up both of them were attenuated for virulence. In addition, the mutant strain unable to take up both siderophores showed a pronounced attenuation of virulence in vivo and reduced neutrophil extracellular trap (NET) formation in in vitro assays, suggesting that extracellularly accumulated siderophores modulate the host immune response. Overall, our results revealed that C. violaceum uses distinct endogenous siderophores for iron uptake and its establishment in the host.	1
Title: Identification and characterization of two contiguous operons required for aerobactin transport and biosynthesis in Vibrio mimicus Abstract: In response to iron deprivation, Vibrio mimicus produces aerobactin as a major siderophore. Application of the Fur titration assay to a V. mimicus genomic DNA library followed by further cloning of the surrounding regions led to the identification of two adjacent, iron-regulated operons. One contains three genes encoding homologs of the Escherichia coli FhuCDB and the other, five genes encoding homologs of the E. coli IucABCD IutA. Construction of the V. mimicus polar disruptants in the respective operons allowed us to confirm their functions. The genetic arrangement of the aerobactin-mediated iron acquisition system in V. mimicus is unique in that the aerobactin operon (iucABCD iutA ) is contiguous to the operon (matCDB ) encoding components of an ATP-binding cassette transport system for ferric aerobactin. This is the first report demonstrating that aerobactin transport and biosynthesis genes are present in a species outside the family Enterobacteriaceae.	1
Title: Commensal Oral Rothia mucilaginosa Produces Enterobactin, a Metal-Chelating Siderophore Abstract: Next-generation sequencing studies of saliva and dental plaque from subjects in both healthy and diseased states have identified bacteria belonging to the Rothia genus as ubiquitous members of the oral microbiota. To gain a deeper understanding of molecular mechanisms underlying the chemical ecology of this unexplored group, we applied a genome mining approach that targets functionally important biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). All 45 genomes that were mined, representing Rothia mucilaginosa, Rothia dentocariosa, and Rothia aeria, harbored a catechol-siderophore-like BGC. To explore siderophore production further, we grew the previously characterized R. mucilaginosa ATCC 25296 in liquid cultures, amended with glycerol, which led to the identification of the archetype siderophore enterobactin by using tandem liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Normally attributed to pathogenic gut bacteria, R. mucilaginosa is the first commensal oral bacterium found to produce enterobactin. Cocultivation studies including R. mucilaginosa or purified enterobactin revealed that enterobactin reduced growth of certain strains of cariogenic Streptococcus mutans and pathogenic strains of Staphylococcus aureus Commensal oral bacteria were either unaffected, reduced in growth, or induced to grow adjacent to enterobactin-producing R. mucilaginosa or the pure compound. Taken together with Rothia's known capacity to ferment a variety of carbohydrates and amino acids, our findings of enterobactin production add an additional level of explanation to R. mucilaginosa's prevalence in the oral cavity. Enterobactin is the strongest Fe(III) binding siderophore known, and its role in oral health requires further investigation.IMPORTANCE The communication language of the human oral microbiota is vastly underexplored. However, a few studies have shown that specialized small molecules encoded by BGCs have critical roles such as in colonization resistance against pathogens and quorum sensing. Here, by using a genome mining approach in combination with compound screening of growth cultures, we identified that the commensal oral community member R. mucilaginosa harbors a catecholate-siderophore BGC, which is responsible for the biosynthesis of enterobactin. The iron-scavenging role of enterobactin is known to have positive effects on the host's iron pool and negative effects on host immune function; however, its role in oral health remains unexplored. R. mucilaginosa was previously identified as an abundant community member in cystic fibrosis, where bacterial iron cycling plays a major role in virulence development. With respect to iron's broad biological importance, iron-chelating enterobactin may explain R. mucilaginosa's colonization success in both health and disease.	1
Title: Multi-omics Study of Planobispora rosea, Producer of the Thiopeptide Antibiotic GE2270A Abstract: Planobispora rosea is the natural producer of the potent thiopeptide antibiotic GE2270A. Here, we present the results of a metabolomics and transcriptomics analysis of P. rosea during production of GE2270A. The data generated provides useful insights into the biology of this genetically intractable bacterium. We characterize the details of the shutdown of protein biosynthesis and the respiratory chain associated with the end of the exponential growth phase. We also provide the first description of the phosphate regulon in P. rosea. Based on the transcriptomics data, we show that both phosphate and iron are limiting P. rosea growth in our experimental conditions. Additionally, we identified and validated a new biosynthetic gene cluster associated with the production of the siderophores benarthin and dibenarthin in P. rosea. Together, the metabolomics and transcriptomics data are used to inform and refine the very first genome-scale metabolic model for P. rosea, which will be a valuable framework for the interpretation of future studies of the biology of this interesting but poorly characterized species. IMPORTANCE Planobispora rosea is a genetically intractable bacterium used for the production of GE2270A on an industrial scale. GE2270A is a potent thiopeptide antibiotic currently used as a precursor for the synthesis of two compounds under clinical studies for the treatment of Clostridium difficile infection and acne. Here, we present the very first systematic multi-omics investigation of this important bacterium, which provides a much-needed detailed picture of the dynamics of metabolism of P. rosea while producing GE2270A.	1
Title: Identification and structural characterisation of a catecholate-type siderophore produced by Stenotrophomonas maltophilia K279a Abstract: Siderophores are produced by several bacteria that utilise iron in various environments. Elucidating the structure of a specific siderophore may have valuable applications in drug development. Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, a Gram-negative bacterium that inhabits a wide range of environments and can cause pneumonia, produces siderophores. However, the structure was unknown, and therefore, in this study, we aimed to elucidate it. We purified siderophores from cultures of S. maltophilia K279a using preparative reversed-phase HPLC. The structure was analysed through LC-MS and 1H and 13C NMR. The results demonstrated that S. maltophilia K279a produces 2,3-dihydroxybenzoylserine (DHBS), a monomer unit of enterobactin. We suggested the uptake of Iron(III) by the DHBS complex. DHBS production by S. maltophilia K279a could be attributed to an incomplete enterobactin pathway. Drugs targeting DHBS synthesis could prevent S. maltophilia infection.	1
Title: FW0622, a new siderophore isolated from marine Verrucosispora sp. by genomic mining Abstract: Using the draft genome sequence of Verrucosispora sp. FIM060022, we have identified a new desferrioxamine-like siderophore, FW0622. This is the first chemically characterized siderophore obtained from Verrucosispora. The structure was elucidated by extensive spectral analyses. The biosynthetic pathway of FW0622 was proposed to occur via the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS)-independent (NIS) synthetase pathway based on the putative biosynthetic siderophore gene cluster in FIM060022. The results demonstrate that marine-derived Verrucosispora species deserve recognition as an important source of new natural products. Furthermore, this study verified that genome mining is an effective way to identify compounds that may be overlooked by traditional methods.	1
Title: The marine bivalve molluscs pathogen Vibrio neptunius produces the siderophore amphibactin, which is widespread in molluscs microbiota Abstract: Amphiphilic siderophores, including amphibactins, are the most abundant siderophores in oceans. Genes putatively encoding the amphibactin system were proposed in some bacteria and homologues of these genes are particularly abundant in multiple bacterial lineages inhabitant of low-iron seawater. However, since no defective mutant strains in any of these genes were studied to date, their role in amphibactin synthesis or uptake was not demonstrated. In this work, an in silico analysis of the genome of the mollusc pathogen Vibrio neptunius leads us to identify a gene cluster (denoted absABDEF) that is predicted to encode an amphibactin-like siderophore and several mutant strains unable to synthesize or use siderophores were constructed. The results showed that genes absABDEF are required for amphibactin synthesis. A comparative chemical analysis of V. neptunius wild type and biosynthesis mutants allowed us to identify a mixture of nine amphibactin forms produced by this bacterium. In addition, the gene abtA is predicted to encode the ferri-amphibactin outer membrane transporter. The prevalence of the amphibactin system in bivalve hemolymph microbiota was also studied. We found that the amphibactin system is widespread in hemolymph microbiota including both commensal and pathogenic bacterial species. Thus, its contribution to bacterial fitness must be more related to environmental persistence than to pathogenicity.	1
Title: Novel South African Rare Actinomycete Kribbella speibonae Strain SK5: A Prolific Producer of Hydroxamate Siderophores Including New Dehydroxylated Congeners Abstract: In this paper, we report on the chemistry of the rare South African Actinomycete Kribbella speibonae strain SK5, a prolific producer of hydroxamate siderophores and their congeners. Two new analogues, dehydroxylated desferrioxamines, speibonoxamine 1 and desoxy-desferrioxamine D1 2, have been isolated, together with four known hydroxamates, desferrioxamine D1 3, desferrioxamine B 4, desoxy-nocardamine 5 and nocardamine 6, and a diketopiperazine (DKP) 7. The structures of 1-7 were characterized by the analysis of HRESIMS and 1D and 2D NMR data, as well as by comparison with the relevant literature. Three new dehydroxy desferrioxamine derivatives 8-10 were tentatively identified in the molecular network of K. speibonae strain SK5 extracts, and structures were proposed based on their MS/MS fragmentation patterns. A plausible spb biosynthetic pathway was proposed. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of the isolation of desferrioxamines from the actinobacterial genus Kribbella.	1
Title: Complete genome sequence of a marine-derived bacterium Pseudomonas sp. SXM-1 and characterization of its siderophore through antiSMASH analysis and with mass spectroscopic method Abstract: Pseudomonas sp. SXM-1, isolated from coastal sea water of Xiamen Bay, could produce extracellular pyoverdine. Here, we present the complete genome of Pseudomonas sp. SXM-1, which will facilitate the genome mining of the pyoverdine synthetase coding gene cluster. The sequenced genome, a circular chromosome, is 7,226,716 bp in length, which contains 60.78% of GC bases, 6549 proteins, 67 tRNAs, and 16 rRNA encoding genes. The structure of pyoverdine produced by Pseudomonas sp. SXM-1 was predicted by using the antiSMASH 5.1.2 tool and further characterized with mass spectroscopic method.	1
Title: Algal p-coumaric acid induces oxidative stress and siderophore biosynthesis in the bacterial symbiont Phaeobacter inhibens Abstract: The marine alpha-proteobacterium Phaeobacter inhibens engages in intermittent symbioses with microalgae. The symbiosis is biphasic and concludes in a parasitic phase, during which the bacteria release algaecidal metabolites in response to algal p-coumaric acid (pCA). The cell-wide effects of pCA on P. inhibens remain unknown. Herein, we report a microarray-based transcriptomic study and find that genes related to the oxidative stress response and secondary metabolism are upregulated most, while those associated with energy production and motility are downregulated in the presence of pCA. Among genes upregulated is a previously unannotated biosynthetic gene cluster and, using a combination of gene deletions and metabolic profiling, we show that it gives rise to an unreported siderophore, roseobactin. The simultaneous production of algaecides and roseobactin in the parasitic phase allows the bacteria to take up any iron that is released from dying algal cells, thereby securing a limited micronutrient.	1
Title: Bacillibactins E and F from a Marine Sponge-Associated Bacillus sp Abstract: Chemical investigation of a marine sponge-associated Bacillus sp. led to the discovery of bacillibactins E and F (1 and 2). Despite containing the well-established cyclic triester core of iron-binding natural products such as enterobactin, bacillibactins E and F (1 and 2) are the first bacterial siderophores that contain nicotinic and benzoic acid moieties. The structures of the new compounds, including their absolute configurations, were determined by extensive spectroscopic analyses and Marfey's method. A plausible biosynthetic pathway to 1 and 2 is proposed; this route bears great similarity to other previously established bacillibactin-like pathways but appears to differentiate itself by a promiscuous DhbE, which likely installs the nicotinic moiety of 1 and the benzoic acid group of 2.	1
Title: Screening for Microbial Metal-Chelating Siderophores for the Removal of Metal Ions from Solutions Abstract: To guarantee the supply of critical elements in the future, the development of new technologies is essential. Siderophores have high potential in the recovery and recycling of valuable metals due to their metal-chelating properties. Using the Chrome azurol S assay, 75 bacterial strains were screened to obtain a high-yield siderophore with the ability to complex valuable critical metal ions. The siderophore production of the four selected strains Nocardioides simplex 3E, Pseudomonas chlororaphis DSM 50083, Variovorax paradoxus EPS, and Rhodococcus erythropolis B7g was optimized, resulting in significantly increased siderophore production of N. simplex and R. erythropolis. Produced siderophore amounts and velocities were highly dependent on the carbon source. The genomes of N. simplex and P. chlororaphis were sequenced. Bioinformatical analyses revealed the occurrence of an achromobactin and a pyoverdine gene cluster in P. chlororaphis, a heterobactin and a requichelin gene cluster in R. erythropolis, and a desferrioxamine gene cluster in N. simplex. Finally, the results of the previous metal-binding screening were validated by a proof-of-concept development for the recovery of metal ions from aqueous solutions utilizing C18 columns functionalized with siderophores. We demonstrated the recovery of the critical metal ions V(III), Ga(III), and In(III) from mixed metal solutions with immobilized siderophores of N. simplex and R. erythropolis.	1
Title: Correlational networking guides the discovery of unclustered lanthipeptide protease-encoding genes Abstract: Bacterial natural product biosynthetic genes, canonically clustered, have been increasingly found to rely on hidden enzymes encoded elsewhere in the genome for completion of biosynthesis. The study and application of lanthipeptides are frequently hindered by unclustered protease genes required for final maturation. Here, we establish a global correlation network bridging the gap between lanthipeptide precursors and hidden proteases. Applying our analysis to 161,954 bacterial genomes, we establish 5209 correlations between precursors and hidden proteases, with 91 prioritized. We use network predictions and co-expression analysis to reveal a previously missing protease for the maturation of class I lanthipeptide paenilan. We further discover widely distributed bacterial M16B metallopeptidases of previously unclear biological function as a new family of lanthipeptide proteases. We show the involvement of a pair of bifunctional M16B proteases in the production of previously unreported class III lanthipeptides with high substrate specificity. Together, these results demonstrate the strength of our correlational networking approach to the discovery of hidden lanthipeptide proteases and potentially other missing enzymes for natural products biosynthesis.	1
Title: A new Myxococcus xanthus gene cluster for the biosynthesis of the antibiotic saframycin Mx1 encoding a peptide synthetase Abstract: The gene cluster for the biosynthesis of the heterocyclic quinone antibiotic saframycin Mx1 of Myxococcus xanthus DM504/15 was inactivated and tagged by Tn5 insertions. The tagged genes were cloned in Escherichia coli and used to select overlapping cosmid clones spanning 58 kb of the M. xanthus genome. Gene disruption experiments defined a > or = 18 kb contiguous DNA region involved in saframycin biosynthesis. Sequencing of part of this region revealed a large ORF containing two 600-amino-acid domains with similarity to peptide synthetase amino-acid-activating sequences, suggesting that saframycin Mx1 is synthesized by a nonribosomal multienzyme complex, similar to other bioactive peptides.	1
Title: Biotechnological potential and initial characterization of two novel sesquiterpene synthases from Basidiomycota Coniophora puteana for heterologous production of δ-cadinol Abstract: Background:                       Terpene synthases are versatile catalysts in all domains of life, catalyzing the formation of an enormous variety of different terpenoid secondary metabolites. Due to their diverse bioactive properties, terpenoids are of great interest as innovative ingredients in pharmaceutical and cosmetic applications. Recent advances in genome sequencing have led to the discovery of numerous terpene synthases, in particular in Basidiomycota like the wood rotting fungus Coniophora puteana, which further enhances the scope for the manufacture of terpenes for industrial purposes.                  Results:                       In this study we describe the identification of two novel (+)-δ-cadinol synthases from C. puteana, Copu5 and Copu9. The sesquiterpene (+)-δ-cadinol was previously shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity therefore having an application as possible, new, and sustainably sourced anti-tumor agent. In an Escherichia coli strain, optimized for sesquiterpene production, titers of 225 mg l-1 and 395 mg l-1, respectively, could be achieved. Remarkably, both enzymes share the same product profile thereby representing the first two terpene synthases from Basidiomycota with identical product profiles. We solved the crystal structure of Copu9 in its closed conformation, for the first time providing molecular details of sesquiterpene synthase from Basidiomycota. Based on the Copu9 structure, we conducted structure-based mutagenesis of amino acid residues lining the active site, thereby altering the product profile. Interestingly, the mutagenesis study also revealed that despite the conserved product profiles of Copu5 and Copu9 different conformational changes may accompany the catalytic cycle of the two enzymes. This observation suggests that the involvement of tertiary structure elements in the reaction mechanism(s) employed by terpene synthases may be more complex than commonly expected.                  Conclusion:                       The presented product selectivity and titers of Copu5 and Copu9 may pave the way towards a sustainable, biotechnological production of the potentially new bioactive (+)-δ-cadinol. Furthermore, Copu5 and Copu9 may serve as model systems for further mechanistic studies of terpenoid catalysis.	1
Title: The biosynthetic pathway for aurofusarin in Fusarium graminearum reveals a close link between the naphthoquinones and naphthopyrones Abstract: Fungal polyketide biosynthesis typically involves multiple enzymatic steps and the encoding genes are often found in gene clusters. A gene cluster containing PKS12, the polyketide synthase gene responsible for the synthesis of the pigment aurofusarin, was analysed by gene replacement using Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation to determine the biosynthesis pathway of aurofusarin. Replacement of aurR1 with hygB shows that it encodes a positively acting transcription factor that is required for the full expression of PKS12, aurJ, aurF, gip1 and FG02329.1, which belong to the gene cluster. AurR1 and PKS12 deletion mutants are unable to produce aurofusarin and rubrofusarin. Bio- and chemoinformatics combined with chemical analysis of replacement mutants (DeltaaurJ, DeltaaurF, Deltagip1, DeltaaurO and DeltaPKS12) indicate a five-step enzyme catalysed pathway for the biosynthesis of aurofusarin, with rubrofusarin as an intermediate. This links the biosynthesis of naphthopyrones and naphthoquinones together. Replacement of the putative transcription factor aurR2 results in an increased level of rubrofusarin relative to aurofusarin. Gip1, a putative laccase, is proposed to be responsible for the dimerization of two oxidized rubrofusarin molecules resulting in the formation of aurofusarin.	1
Title: Transcriptional Differences Guided Discovery and Genetic Identification of Coprogen and Dimerumic Acid Siderophores in Metarhizium robertsii Abstract: Siderophores are small molecular iron chelators and participate in the multiple cellular processes in fungi. In this study, biosynthesis gene clusters of coprogens and dimerumic acids were identified by transcriptional level differences of genes related to iron deficiency conditions in Metarhizium robertsii. This leads to the characterization of new coprogen metachelin C (1) and five known siderophores metachelin A (2), metachelin A-CE (3), metachelin B (4), dimerumic acid 11-mannoside (5), and dimerumic acid (6). The structure of metachelin C (1) was elucidated by NMR spectroscopy and HR-ESI-MS analysis. Genetic deletions of mrsidA, and mrsidD abolished the production of compounds 1-6 that implied their involvement in the biosynthesis of coprogen and dimerumic acid. Interestingly, NRPS gene mrsidD is responsible for biosynthesis of both coprogen and dimerumic acid, thus we proposed plausible biosynthetic pathways for the synthesis of coprogen and dimerumic acid siderophores. Therefore, our study provides the genetic basis for understanding the biosynthetic pathway of coprogen and dimerumic acid in Metarhizium robertsii.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of the leucine derived α-, β- and γ-hydroxynitrile glucosides in barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) Abstract: Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) produces five leucine-derived hydroxynitrile glucosides (HNGs), of which only epiheterodendrin is a cyanogenic glucoside. The four non-cyanogenic HNGs are the β-HNG epidermin and the γ-HNGs osmaronin, dihydroosmaronin and sutherlandin. By analyzing 247 spring barley lines including landraces and old and modern cultivars, we demonstrated that the HNG level varies notably between lines whereas the overall ratio between the compounds is constant. Based on sequence similarity to the sorghum (Sorghum bicolor) genes involved in dhurrin biosynthesis, we identified a gene cluster on barley chromosome 1 putatively harboring genes that encode enzymes in HNG biosynthesis. Candidate genes were functionally characterized by transient expression in Nicotiana benthamiana. Five multifunctional P450s, including two CYP79 family enzymes and three CYP71 family enzymes, and a single UDP-glucosyltransferase were found to catalyze the reactions required for biosynthesis of all five barley HNGs. Two of the CYP71 enzymes needed to be co-expressed for the last hydroxylation step in sutherlandin synthesis to proceed. This observation, together with the constant ratio between the different HNGs, suggested that HNG synthesis in barley is organized within a single multi-enzyme complex.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of antinutritional alkaloids in solanaceous crops is mediated by clustered genes Abstract: Steroidal glycoalkaloids (SGAs) such as α-solanine found in solanaceous food plants--as, for example, potato--are antinutritional factors for humans. Comparative coexpression analysis between tomato and potato coupled with chemical profiling revealed an array of 10 genes that partake in SGA biosynthesis. We discovered that six of them exist as a cluster on chromosome 7, whereas an additional two are adjacent in a duplicated genomic region on chromosome 12. Following systematic functional analysis, we suggest a revised SGA biosynthetic pathway starting from cholesterol up to the tetrasaccharide moiety linked to the tomato SGA aglycone. Silencing GLYCOALKALOID METABOLISM 4 prevented accumulation of SGAs in potato tubers and tomato fruit. This may provide a means for removal of unsafe, antinutritional substances present in these widely used food crops.	1
Title: Genome- and MS-based mining of antibacterial chlorinated chromones and xanthones from the phytopathogenic fungus Bipolaris sorokiniana strain 11134 Abstract: Halogen substituents are important for biological activity in many compounds. Genome-based mining of halogenase along with its biosynthetic gene cluster provided an efficient approach for the discovery of naturally occurring organohalogen compounds. Analysis of the genome sequence of a phytopathogenic fungus Bipolaris sorokiniana 11134 revealed a polyketide gene cluster adjacent to a flavin-dependent halogenase capable of encoding halogenated polyketides, which are rarely reported in phytopathogenic fungi. Furthermore, MS- and UV-guided isolation and purification led to the identification of five chlorine-containing natural products together with seven other chromones and xanthones. Two of the chlorinated compounds and four chromones are new compounds. Their structures were elucidated by NMR spectroscopic analysis and HRESIMS data. The biosynthetic gene clusters of isolated compounds and their putative biosynthetic pathway are also proposed. One new chlorinated compound showed activity against Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant S. aureus, and three clinical-resistant S. aureus strains with a shared minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) of 12.5 μg/mL. Genome-based mining of halogenases combined with high-resolution MS- and UV-guided identification provides an efficient approach to discover new halogenated natural products from microorganisms.	1
Title: Genome Mining Reveals Neurospora crassa Can Produce the Salicylaldehyde Sordarial Abstract: A highly reducing polyketide synthase gene cluster from the Magnaporthe oryzae genome was previously identified to produce phytotoxic compounds including pyriculol. A homologous gene cluster was found in Neurospora crassa through bioinformatics analysis. Heterologous expression of this cluster led to the production of the salicylic aldehyde sordarial and related intermediates. A series of combinatorial gene expression experiments established the set of enzymes required to produce sordarial and the likely biosynthetic pathway.	1
Title: Nanangenines: drimane sesquiterpenoids as the dominant metabolite cohort of a novel Australian fungus, Aspergillus nanangensis Abstract: Chemical investigation of an undescribed Australian fungus, Aspergillus nanangensis, led to the identification of the nanangenines - a family of seven new and three previously reported drimane sesquiterpenoids. The structures of the nanangenines were elucidated by detailed spectroscopic analysis supported by single crystal X-ray diffraction studies. The compounds were assayed for in vitro activity against bacteria, fungi, mammalian cells and plants. Bioinformatics analysis, including comparative analysis with other acyl drimenol-producing Aspergilli, led to the identification of a putative nanangenine biosynthetic gene cluster that corresponds to the proposed biosynthetic pathway for nanangenines.	1
Title: Discovery of a novel analogue of FR901533 and the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster from Streptosporangium roseum No. 79089 Abstract: FR901533 (1, also known as WS79089B), WS79089A (2), and WS79089C (3) are polycyclic aromatic natural products with promising inhibitory activity to endothelin-converting enzymes. In this work, we isolated five tridecaketide products from Streptosporangium roseum No. 79089, including 1-3, benaphthamycin (4) and a novel FR901533 analogue (5). The structure of 5 was characterized based on spectroscopic data. Compared with the major product 2, the new compound 5 has an additional hydroxyl group at C-12 and an extra methyl group at the 13-OH. The configuration of C-19 of these compounds was determined to be R using Mosher's method. A putative biosynthetic gene cluster for compounds 1-5 was discovered by analyzing the genome of S. roseum No. 79089. This 38.6-kb gene cluster contains 38 open reading frames, including a minimal polyketide synthase (wsaA-C), an aromatase (wsaD), three cyclases (wsaE, F, and W), and a series of tailoring enzymes such as monooxygenases (wsaO1-O7) and methyltransferases (wsaM1 and M2). Disruption of the ketosynthase gene (wsaA) in this gene cluster abolished the production of 1-5, confirming that this gene cluster is indeed responsible for the biosynthesis of 1-5. A type II polyketide biosynthetic pathway was proposed for this group of natural endothelin-converting enzyme inhibitors. KEY POINTS: • Five aromatic tridecaketides were isolated from Streptosporangium roseum No. 79089. • A novel FR901533 analogue, 12-hydroxy-13-O-methyl-WS79089A, was characterized. • The absolute configuration of C-19 of FR901533 and analogues was determined. • The biosynthetic gene cluster of FR901533 and analogues was discovered.	1
Title: Biosynthesis of Sinapigladioside, an Antifungal Isothiocyanate from Burkholderia Symbionts Abstract: Sinapigladioside is a rare isothiocyanate-bearing natural product from beetle-associated bacteria (Burkholderia gladioli) that might protect beetle offspring against entomopathogenic fungi. The biosynthetic origin of sinapigladioside has been elusive, and little is known about bacterial isothiocyanate biosynthesis in general. On the basis of stable-isotope labeling, bioinformatics, and mutagenesis, we identified the sinapigladioside biosynthesis gene cluster in the symbiont and found that an isonitrile synthase plays a key role in the biosynthetic pathway. Genome mining and network analyses indicate that related gene clusters are distributed across various bacterial phyla including producers of both nitriles and isothiocyanates. Our findings support a model for bacterial isothiocyanate biosynthesis by sulfur transfer into isonitrile precursors.	1
Title: Aryl-aldehyde formation in fungal polyketides: discovery and characterization of a distinct biosynthetic mechanism Abstract: Aryl-aldehydes are a common feature in fungal polyketides, which are considered to be exclusively generated by the R domain of nonreducing polyketide synthases (NR-PKSs). However, by cloning and heterologous expression of both cryptic NR-PKS and nonribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS)-like genes from Aspergillus terreus in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, we identified a distinct mechanism for aryl-aldehyde formation in which a NRPS-like protein activates and reduces an aryl-acid produced by the accompanying NR-PKS to an aryl-aldehyde. Bioinformatics study indicates that such a mechanism may be widely used throughout the fungi kingdom.	1
Title: Characterization and Engineering of the Adenylation Domain of a NRPS-Like Protein: A Potential Biocatalyst for Aldehyde Generation Abstract: The adenylation (A) domain acts as the first "gate-keeper" to ensure the activation and thioesterification of the correct monomer to nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs). Our understanding of the specificity-conferring code and our ability to engineer A domains are critical for increasing the chemical diversity of nonribosomal peptides (NRPs). We recently discovered a novel NRPS-like protein (ATEG_03630) that can activate 5-methyl orsellinic acid (5-MOA) and reduce it to 2,4-dihydroxy-5,6-dimethyl benzaldehyde. A NRPS-like protein is much smaller than multidomain NRPSs, but it still represents the thioesterification half-reaction, which is otherwise missed from a stand-alone A domain. Therefore, a NRPS-like protein may serve as a better model system for A domain engineering. Here, we characterize the substrate specificity of ATEG_03630 and conclude that the hydrogen-bond donor at the 4-position is crucial for substrate recognition. Next, we show that the substrate specificity of ATEG_03630 can be engineered toward our target substrate anthranilate via bioinformatics analysis and mutagenesis. The resultant mutant H358A increased its activity toward anthranilate by 10.9-fold, which led to a 26-fold improvement in specificity. Finally, we demonstrate one-pot chemoenzymatic synthesis of 4-hydroxybenzaldoxime from 4-hydroxybenzoic acid with high yield.	1
Title: Genome-Based Discovery of Enantiomeric Pentacyclic Sesterterpenes Catalyzed by Fungal Bifunctional Terpene Synthases Abstract: Genome-based discovery of two previously unreported fungal bifunctional terpene synthases (BFTSs) from phytopathogenic fungi are reported: FoFS catalyzing the formation of fusoxypenes A-C (1-3) and (-)-astellatene (4) and AtAS capable of synthesizing preaspterpenacid I (6). Interestingly, FoFS and AtAS catalyzed the formation of enantiomeric sesterterpenes with a 5-6-7-3-5 ring system. C22-oxidative modification of preaspterpenacid I by AtP450 was characterized as well. Plausible cyclization pathways of the fusoxypenes were illustrated by DFT calculations.	1
Title: CRISPR-Cas9-Based Discovery of the Verrucosidin Biosynthesis Gene Cluster in Penicillium polonicum Abstract: Penicillium polonicum, commonly found on food matrices, is a mycotoxigenic species able to produce a neurotoxin called verrucosidin. This methylated α-pyrone polyketide inhibits oxidative phosphorylation in mitochondria and thereby causes neurological diseases. Despite the importance of verrucosidin as a toxin, its biosynthetic genes have not been characterized yet. By similarity analysis with the polyketide synthase (PKS) genes for the α-pyrones aurovertin (AurA) and citreoviridin (CtvA), 16 PKS genes for putative α-pyrones were identified in the P. polonicum genome. A single PKS gene, verA, was found to be transcribed under verrucosidin-producing growth conditions. The annotated functions of the genes neighboring verA correspond to those required for verrucosidin biosynthesis. To prove the involvement of verA in verrucosidin biosynthesis, the clustered regularly interspaced short palindrome repeats (CRISPR) technology was applied to P. polonicum. In vitro reconstituted CRISPR-Cas9 was used to induce targeted gene deletions in P. polonicum. This approach allowed identifying and characterizing the verrucosidin biosynthetic gene cluster. VerA deletion mutants were no longer able to produce verrucosidin, whereas they were displaying morphological characteristics comparable with the wild-type strain. The available CRISPR-Cas9 technology allows characterizing the biosynthetic potential of P. polonicum as a valuable source of novel compounds.	1
Title: Identification, heterologous production and bioactivity of lentinulin A and dendrothelin A, two natural variants of backbone N-methylated peptide macrocycle omphalotin A Abstract: Backbone N-methylation and macrocyclization improve the pharmacological properties of peptides by enhancing their proteolytic stability, membrane permeability and target selectivity. Borosins are backbone N-methylated peptide macrocycles derived from a precursor protein which contains a peptide α-N-methyltransferase domain autocatalytically modifying the core peptide located at its C-terminus. Founding members of borosins are the omphalotins from the mushroom Omphalotus olearius (omphalotins A-I) with nine out of 12 L-amino acids being backbone N-methylated. The omphalotin biosynthetic gene cluster codes for the precursor protein OphMA, the protease prolyloligopeptidase OphP and other proteins that are likely to be involved in other post-translational modifications of the peptide. Mining of available fungal genome sequences revealed the existence of highly homologous gene clusters in the basidiomycetes Lentinula edodes and Dendrothele bispora. The respective borosins, referred to as lentinulins and dendrothelins are naturally produced by L. edodes and D. bispora as shown by analysis of respective mycelial extracts. We produced all three homologous peptide natural products by coexpression of OphMA hybrid proteins and OphP in the yeast Pichia pastoris. The recombinant peptides differ in their nematotoxic activity against the plant pathogen Meloidogyne incognita. Our findings pave the way for the production of borosin peptide natural products and their potential application as novel biopharmaceuticals and biopesticides.	1
Title: Aspcandine: A Pyrrolobenzazepine Alkaloid Synthesized by a Fungal Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase-Polyketide Synthase Hybrid Abstract: Characterization of an orphan biosynthetic gene cluster found in the fungus Aspergillus candidus CBS 102.13 resulted in the discovery of a pyrrolobenzazepine alkaloid, aspcandine (1). The unique molecular scaffold of 1 is synthesized by the nonribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase hybrid AcdB, which unusually incorporates 3-hydroxy-l-kynurenine as a building block. AcdB subsequently performs one round of chain elongation using malonyl-CoA, which is followed by the chain release to furnish the tricyclic system of 1.	1
