Title: Biosynthesis of amphotericin derivatives lacking exocyclic carboxyl groups Abstract: Amphotericin B is a medically important antifungal antibiotic that is also active against human immunodeficiency virus, Leishmania parasites, and prion diseases. The therapeutic use of amphotericin B is restricted by severe side effects that can be moderated by liposomal formulation or structural alteration. Chemical modification has shown that suppression of charge on the exocyclic carboxyl group of amphotericin B substantially reduces toxicity. We report targeted deletions of the amphN cytochrome P450 gene from the chromosome of the amphotericin-producing bacterium Streptomyces nodosus. The mutant strains produced amphotericin analogues in which methyl groups replace the exocyclic carboxyl groups. These compounds retained antifungal activity and had reduced hemolytic activity.	2
Title: Analysis and manipulation of amphotericin biosynthetic genes by means of modified phage KC515 transduction techniques Abstract: Amphotericin B is a medically important antifungal antibiotic that is produced by Streptomyces nodosus. Genetic manipulation of this organism has led to production of the first amphotericin analogues by engineered biosynthesis. Here, these studies were extended by sequencing the chromosomal regions flanking the amphotericin polyketide synthase genes, and by refining the phage KC515 transduction method for disruption and replacement of S. nodosus genes. A hybrid vector was constructed from KC515 DNA and the Escherichia coli plasmid pACYC177. This vector replicated as a plasmid in E. coli and the purified DNA yielded phage plaques on Streptomyces lividans after polyethylene glycol (PEG)-mediated transfection of protoplasts. The left flank of the amphotericin gene cluster was found to include amphRI, RII, RIII and RIV genes that are similar to regulatory genes in other polyene biosynthetic gene clusters. One of these regulatory genes, amphRI, was found to have a homologue, amphRVI, located in the right flank at a distance of 127 kbp along the chromosome. However, disruption of amphRVI using the hybrid vector had no effect on the yield of amphotericin obtained from cultures grown on production medium. The hybrid vector was also used for precise deletion of the DNA coding for two modules of the AmphC polyketide synthase protein. Analysis by UV spectrophotometry revealed that the deletion mutant produced a novel pentaene, with reduced antifungal activity but apparently greater water-solubility than amphotericin B. This shows the potential for use of the new vector in engineering of this and other biosynthetic pathways in Streptomyces.	2
Title: Identification of mycolutein and pulvomycin as aureothin and labilomycin respectively Abstract: Two antibiotics isolated from a culture MA-2465 were identified as aureothin and labilomycin, the chemical structures of which had been reported previously. It was also concluded that mycolutein and pulvomycin isolated as antibiotics in 1955 and 1957 respectively are also identical with aureothin and labilomycin. A cursory study of MA-2465 indicates that it is distinctly different from the culture which was first observed to produce labilomycin and is probably different from the organism first noted to produce aureothin.	2
Title: AurF from Streptomyces thioluteus and a possible new family of manganese/iron oxygenases Abstract: We recently reported that the R2 subunit of class Ic ribonucleotide reductase from Chlamydia trachomatis contains a heterodinuclear Mn/Fe redox cofactor [Jiang, W., Yun, D., Saleh, L., Barr, E. W., Xing, G., Hoffart, L. M., Maslak, M.-A., Krebs, C., and Bollinger, J. M., Jr. (2007) Science 316, 1188-1191]. The N-oxygenase, AurF, from Streptomyces thioluteus catalyzes the six-electron oxidation of p-aminobenzoate to p-nitrobenzoate and contains the EX2HX60-180EX2H sequence motif previously used to identify proteins with non-heme diiron clusters. Two research groups independently obtained evidence for the presence of iron and manganese in preparations of AurF. The electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectrum of purified, resting AurF presented in one of these studies is markedly similar to the spectrum of the MnIII/FeIII form of C. trachomatis R2. We propose that S. thioluteus AurF also may harbor a heterodinuclear Mn/Fe cofactor, which it may use to activate O2 for oxidation of the aryl amine to the nitro compound. Hypothetical proteins encoded in the genomes of several other bacteria have similar sequences and may also be members of this nascent family of oxygen-activating Mn/Fe proteins.	2
Title: Structural fine-tuning of a multifunctional cytochrome P450 monooxygenase Abstract: AurH is a unique cytochrome P450 monooxygenase catalyzing the stepwise formation of a homochiral oxygen heterocycle, a key structural and pharmacophoric component of the antibiotic aureothin. The exceptional enzymatic reaction involves a tandem oxygenation process including a regio- and stereospecific hydroxylation, followed by heterocyclization. For the structural and biochemical basis of this unparalleled sequence, four crystal structures of AurH variants in different conformational states and in complex with the P450 inhibitor ancymidol were solved, which represent the first structures of the CYP151A group. Structural data in conjunction with computational docking, site-directed mutagenesis, and chemical analyses unveiled a switch function when recognizing the two substrates, deoxyaureothin and the hydroxylated intermediate, thus allowing the second oxygenation-heterocyclization step. Furthermore, we were able to modify the chemo- and regioselectivity of AurH, yielding mutants that catalyze the regioselective six-electron transfer of a nonactivated methyl group to a carboxylic acid via hydroxyl and aldehyde intermediates.	2
Title: Characterization of the N-oxygenase AurF from Streptomyces thioletus Abstract: AurF catalyzes the N-oxidation of p-aminobenzoic acid to p-nitrobenzoic acid in the biosynthesis of the antibiotic aureothin. Here we report the characterization of AurF under optimized conditions to explore its potential use in biocatalysis. The pH optimum of the enzyme was established to be 5.5 using phenazine methosulfate (PMS)/NADH as the enzyme mediator system, showing ~10-fold higher activity than previous reports in literature. Kinetic characterization at optimized conditions give a Km of 14.7 ± 1.1 μM, a kcat of 47.5 ± 5.4 min(-1) and a kcat/Km of 3.2 ± 0.4 μM(-1)min(-1). PMS/NADH and the native electron transfer proteins showed significant formation of the p-hydroxylaminobenzoic acid intermediate, however H2O2 produced mostly p-nitrobenzoic acid. Alanine scanning identified the role of important active site residues. The substrate specificity of AurF was examined and rationalized based on the protein crystal structure. Kinetic studies indicate that the Km is the main determinant of AurF activity toward alternative substrates.	2
Title: An ATP-binding cassette transporter and two rRNA methyltransferases are involved in resistance to avilamycin in the producer organism Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57 Abstract: Three different resistance factors from the avilamycin biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces viridochromogenes Tü57, which confer avilamycin resistance when expressed in Streptomyces lividans TK66, were isolated. Analysis of the deduced amino acid sequences showed that AviABC1 is similar to a large family of ATP-binding transporter proteins and that AviABC2 resembles hydrophobic transmembrane proteins known to act jointly with the ATP-binding proteins. The deduced amino acid sequence of aviRb showed similarity to those of other rRNA methyltransferases, and AviRa did not resemble any protein in the databases. Independent expression in S. lividans TK66 of aviABC1 plus aviABC2, aviRa, or aviRb conferred different levels of resistance to avilamycin: 5, 10, or 250 microg/ml, respectively. When either aviRa plus aviRb or aviRa plus aviRb plus aviABC1 plus aviABC2 was coexpressed in S. lividans TK66, avilamycin resistance levels reached more than 250 microg/ml. Avilamycin A inhibited poly(U)-directed polyphenylalanine synthesis in an in vitro system using ribosomes of S. lividans TK66(pUWL201) (GWO), S. lividans TK66(pUWL201-Ra) (GWRa), or S. lividans TK66(pUWL201-Rb) (GWRb), whereas ribosomes of S. lividans TK66 containing pUWL201-Ra+Rb (GWRaRb) were highly resistant. aviRa and aviRb were expressed in Escherichia coli, and both enzymes were purified as fusion proteins to near homogeneity. Both enzymes showed rRNA methyltransferase activity using a mixture of 16S and 23S rRNAs from E. coli as the substrate. Coincubation experiments revealed that the enzymes methylate different positions of rRNA.	2
Title: Bikaverin and fusaric acid from Fusarium oxysporum show antioomycete activity against Phytophthora infestans Abstract: Aims:                       To isolate and identify antioomycete substances from Fusarium oxysporum EF119 against Phytophthora infestans and to investigate their antimicrobial activities against various plant pathogenic bacteria, oomycetes and true fungi.                  Methods and results:                       Two antioomycete substances were isolated from liquid cultures of F. oxysporum EF119, which shows a potent disease control efficacy against tomato late blight caused by P. infestans. They were identified as bikaverin and fusaric acid by mass and nuclear magnetic resonance spectral analyses. They inhibited the mycelial growth of plant pathogenic oomycetes and fungi. Fusaric acid also effectively suppressed the cell growth of various plant pathogenic bacteria, but bikaverin was virtually inactive. Treatment with bikaverin at 300 microg ml(-1) suppressed the development of tomato late blight by 71%. Fusaric acid provided effective control against tomato late blight and wheat leaf rust over 67% at concentrations more than 100 microg ml(-1).                  Conclusions:                       Both bikaverin and fusaric acid showed in vitro and in vivo antioomycete activity against P. infestans.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Fusarium oxysporum EF119 producing both bikaverin and fusaric acid may be used as a biocontrol agent against tomato late blight caused by P. infestans.	2
Title: Reconstitution and characterization of a new desosaminyl transferase, EryCIII, from the erythromycin biosynthetic pathway Abstract: EryCIII converts alpha-mycarosyl erythronolide B into erythromycin D using TDP-d-desosamine as the glycosyl donor. We report the heterologous expression, purification, in vitro reconstitution, and preliminary characterization of EryCIII. Coexpression of EryCIII with the GroEL/ES chaperone complex was found to enhance greatly the expression of soluble EryCIII protein. The enzyme was found to be highly active with a kcat greater than 100 min-1. EryCIII was quite selective for the natural nucleotide sugar donor and macrolide acceptor substrates, unlike several other antibiotic glycosyl transferases with broad specificity such as desVII, oleG2, and UrdGT2. Within detectable limits, neither 6-deoxyerythronolide B nor 10-deoxymethynolide were found to be glycosylated by EryCIII. Furthermore, TDP-d-mycaminose, which only differs from TDP-d-desosamine at the C4 position, could not be transferred to alphaMEB. These studies lay the groundwork for detailed structural and mechanistic analysis of an important member of the desosaminyl transferase family of enzymes.	2
Title: GF-15, a novel inhibitor of centrosomal clustering, suppresses tumor cell growth in vitro and in vivo Abstract: In contrast to normal cells, malignant cells are frequently aneuploid and contain multiple centrosomes. To allow for bipolar mitotic division, supernumerary centrosomes are clustered into two functional spindle poles in many cancer cells. Recently, we have shown that griseofulvin forces tumor cells with supernumerary centrosomes to undergo multipolar mitoses resulting in apoptotic cell death. Here, we describe the characterization of the novel small molecule GF-15, a derivative of griseofulvin, as a potent inhibitor of centrosomal clustering in malignant cells. At concentrations where GF-15 had no significant impact on tubulin polymerization, spindle tension was markedly reduced in mitotic cells upon exposure to GF-15. Moreover, isogenic cells with conditional centrosome amplification were more sensitive to GF-15 than parental controls. In a wide array of tumor cell lines, mean inhibitory concentrations (IC(50)) for proliferation and survival were in the range of 1 to 5 μmol/L and were associated with apoptotic cell death. Importantly, treatment of mouse xenograft models of human colon cancer and multiple myeloma resulted in tumor growth inhibition and significantly prolonged survival. These results show the in vitro and in vivo antitumor efficacy of a prototype small molecule inhibitor of centrosomal clustering and strongly support the further evaluation of this new class of molecules.	2
Title: Disparate SAR data of griseofulvin analogues for the dermatophytes Trichophyton mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and MDA-MB-231 cancer cells Abstract: Griseofulvin and 53 analogues of this compound have been tested against the pathogenic dermatophytes Trichophyton rubrum and Trichophyton mentagrophytes as well as against the breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231. The modifications to griseofulvin include the 4, 5, 6, 2', 3', and 4' positions. The SAR of the griseofulvin analogues toward the two fungi followed the same trend with the majority being less active than griseofulvin and none had more than twice the potency of the parent compound. A comparison of the antifungal and the anticancer SAR revealed distinct differences, as the majority of analogues showed increased activity against the cancer cell line MDA-MB-231, highlighted by 2'-benzyloxy-2'-demethoxy-griseofulvin, which showed low activity against both fungi but was among the most potent compounds against MDA-MB-231 cancer cells. Tubulin has been proposed as the target of griseofulvin in both fungal and mammalian cells, but the differences revealed by this SAR study strongly suggest that the mode-of-action of the compound class toward fungi and mammalian cancer cells is different.	2
Title: Kinetic suppression of microtubule dynamic instability by griseofulvin: Implications for its possible use in the treatment of cancer Abstract: The antifungal drug griseofulvin inhibits mitosis strongly in fungal cells and weakly in mammalian cells by affecting mitotic spindle microtubule (MT) function. Griseofulvin also blocks cell-cycle progression at G(2)/M and induces apoptosis in human tumor cell lines. Despite extensive study, the mechanism by which the drug inhibits mitosis in human cells remains unclear. Here, we analyzed the ability of griseofulvin to inhibit cell proliferation and mitosis and to affect MT polymerization and organization in HeLa cells together with its ability to affect MT polymerization and dynamic instability in vitro. Griseofulvin inhibited cell-cycle progression at prometaphase/anaphase of mitosis in parallel with its ability to inhibit cell proliferation. At its mitotic IC(50) of 20 muM, spindles in blocked cells displayed nearly normal quantities of MTs and MT organization similar to spindles blocked by more powerful MT-targeted drugs. Similar to previously published data, we found that very high concentrations of griseofulvin (>100 microM) were required to inhibit MT polymerization in vitro. However, much lower drug concentrations (1-20 microM) strongly suppressed the dynamic instability behavior of the MTs. We suggest that the primary mechanism by which griseofulvin inhibits mitosis in human cells is by suppressing spindle MT dynamics in a manner qualitatively similar to that of much more powerful antimitotic drugs, including the vinca alkaloids and the taxanes. In view of griseofulvin's lack of significant toxicity in humans, we further suggest that it could be useful as an adjuvant in combination with more powerful drugs for the treatment of cancer.	2
Title: Griseofulvin-induced aggregation of microtubule protein Abstract: Griseofulvin (7-chloro-2',4,6-trimethoxy-6'-methylspiro[benzofuran-2(3H),1'-[2]cyclohexene]-3,4'-dione) induces aggregation of microtubule protein at 0 degrees C. This aggregate contains approx. 90% of the microtubule-associated proteins originally present in the microtubule protein. The supernatant obtained after removal of the griseofulvin-induced aggregate does not form microtubules on warming at 37 degrees C. Addition of the griseofulvin-aggregated protein to this supernatant and warming to 37 degrees C gives rise to a limited amount of microtubule assembly. The possible involvement of griseofulvin-induced aggregation of microtubule protein at 0 degrees C in the inhibition by griseofulvin of microtubule assembly in vitro is discussed.	2
Title: Production and biological activity of laidlomycin, anti-MRSA/VRE antibiotic from Streptomyces sp. CS684 Abstract: Culture broth of a streptomycete isolate, Streptomyces sp. CS684 showed antibacterial activity on methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and vancomycin resistant enterococci (VRE). Among purified substances from the organism, CSU-1, which is active against MRSA and VRE, is a C37H62O12Na (M+, 721.3875), and identified as laidlomycin. The anti-MRSA and anti-VRE activity of CSU-1 was stronger than oxacillin and vancomycin. Phylogenetic analysis showed that strain CS684 is very similar to Streptomyces ardus NRRL 2817T, whereas the ability of Streptomyces sp. CS684 to produce laidlomycin was shown to be unique.	2
Title: Cloning and analysis of the replication origin and the telomeres of the large linear plasmid pSLA2-L in Streptomyces rochei Abstract: The replication origin and both terminal segments were cloned from the large linear plasmid pSLA2-L in Streptomyces rochei 7434AN4. The basic replicon consists of a 1.9-kb DNA fragment, which contains the genetic information required for autonomous replication in circular form. Sequence analysis revealed two ORFs, RepL1 and RepL2, with no similarity to any of the replication initiator proteins in the database. Deletion and mutational analysis showed that RepL1 is essential for replication and RepL2 has a subsidiary function. The origin of replication may be located 800 bp upstream of repL1. Sequencing of the left and right terminal segments revealed the presence of 12 palindromes. The sequence of the first 90 bp, including palindromes I-IV, shows great similarity to that of other Streptomyces linear chromosomes and plasmids. These results suggest that the internal replication origins of the linear replicons vary widely, in contrast to the high degree of conservation of their telomeres.	2
Title: Tautomers of anthrahydroquinones: Enzymatic reduction and implications for chrysophanol, monodictyphenone, and related xanthone biosyntheses Abstract: Reduction of emodin by sodium dithionite resulted in the formation of two tautomeric forms of emodin hydroquinone. Subsequent conversion by the short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (SDR) MdpC into the corresponding 3-hydroxy-3,4-dihydroanthracen-1(2H)-one implies that deoxygenation is the first step in monodictyphenone biosynthesis. Implications for chrysophanol formation as well as reaction sequences in the related xanthone, ergochrome, and bianthraquinone biosyntheses are discussed.	2
Title: Emodin inhibits growth and induces apoptosis in an orthotopic hepatocellular carcinoma model by blocking activation of STAT3 Abstract: Background and purpose:                       Aberrant activation of STAT3 is frequently encountered and promotes proliferation, survival, metastasis and angiogenesis in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Here, we have investigated whether emodin mediates its effect through interference with the STAT3 activation pathway in HCC.                  Experimental approach:                       The effect of emodin on STAT3 activation, associated protein kinases and apoptosis was investigated using various HCC cell lines. Additionally, we also used a predictive tumour technology to analyse the effects of emodin . The in vivo effects of emodin were assessed in an orthotopic mouse model of HCC.                  Key results:                       Emodin suppressed STAT3 activation in a dose- and time-dependent manner in HCC cells, mediated by the modulation of activation of upstream kinases c-Src, JAK1 and JAK2. Vanadate treatment reversed emodin-induced down-regulation of STAT3, suggesting the involvement of a tyrosine phosphatase and emodin induced the expression of the tyrosine phosphatase SHP-1 that correlated with the down-regulation of constitutive STAT3 activation. Interestingly, silencing of the SHP-1 gene by siRNA abolished the ability of emodin to inhibit STAT3 activation. Finally, when administered i.p., emodin inhibited the growth of human HCC orthotopic tumours in male athymic nu/nu mice and STAT3 activation in tumour tissues.                  Conclusions and implications:                       Emodin mediated its effects predominantly through inhibition of the STAT3 signalling cascade and thus has a particular potential for the treatment of cancers expressing constitutively activated STAT3.	2
Title: SNF4435C and D, novel immunosuppressants produced by a strain of Streptomyces spectabilis. I. Taxonomy, fermentation, isolation and biological activities Abstract: SNF4435C and D, novel nitrophenyl pyrones, have been isolated from the culture broth of an actinomycete strain SNF4435. The strain was identified as Streptomyces spectabilis from its morphological and cultural characteristics. SNF4435C and D showed a potent immunosuppressive activity in vitro and selectively suppressed B-cell proliferation induced by LPS versus T-cell proliferation induced by Con A.	2
Title: BMS-192548, a Tetracyclic Binding Inhibitor of Neuropeptide Y Receptors, from Aspergillus niger WB2346: I. Taxonomy, Fermentation, Isolation and Biological Activity Abstract: During the screening of microbial fermentation extracts for their ability to inhibit the binding of 125I-peptid YY (PYY) to the neuropeptide Y (NPY) receptor using the scintillation proximity assay (SPA), BMS-192548 was isolated from the extract of Aspergillus niger WB2346 by bioassay-guided fractionation. BMS-192548 showed the inhibitory activity against 125I-PYY binding to SK-N-MC and SMS-KAN cells, which express NPY1 and NPY2 receptors, respectively, with IC50 values of 24 microM in Y1 and 27 microM in Y2 receptor binding. BMS-192548 demonstrated weak cytotoxicity against murine tumor cell line M-109 with an IC50 value of 240 microM.	2
Title: BMS-192548, a Tetracyclic Binding Inhibitor of Neuropeptide Y Receptors, from Aspergillus niger WB2346: II. Physico-chemical Properties and Structural Characterization Abstract: The structure of BMS-192548, a tetracyclic binding inhibitor of neuropeptide Y receptors, was established by spectroscopic methods. The compound has an unusual B-C-D ring beta-diketone moiety.	2
Title: SHP2 is a target of the immunosuppressant tautomycetin Abstract: SHP2 phosphatase is a positive transducer of growth factor and cytokine signaling. SHP2 is also a bona fide oncogene; gain-of-function SHP2 mutations leading to increased phosphatase activity cause Noonan syndrome, as well as multiple forms of leukemia and solid tumors. We report that tautomycetin (TTN), an immunosuppressor in organ transplantation, and its engineered analog TTN D-1 are potent SHP2 inhibitors. TTN and TTN D-1 block T cell receptor-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation and ERK activation and gain-of-function mutant SHP2-induced hematopoietic progenitor hyperproliferation and monocytic differentiation. Crystal structure of the SHP2⋅TTN D-1 complex reveals that TTN D-1 occupies the SHP2 active site in a manner similar to that of a peptide substrate. Collectively, the data support the notion that SHP2 is a cellular target for TTN and provide a potential mechanism for the immunosuppressive activity of TTN. Moreover, the structure furnishes molecular insights upon which therapeutics targeting SHP2 can be developed on the basis of the TTN scaffold.	2
Title: Viridicatumtoxin B, a new anti-MRSA agent from Penicillium sp. FR11 Abstract: A new tetracycline-type antibiotic named viridicatumtoxin B along with the known compound viridicatumtoxin has been isolated from the mycelium of liquid fermentation cultures of Penicillium sp. FR11. The structure of viridicatumtoxin B was determined on the basis of MS and NMR data. Viridicatumtoxin B inhibited the growth of Staphylococcus aureus including methicillin-resistant S. aureus and quinolone-resistant S. aureus with MIC (microg/ml) of 0.5, which is similar with that of vancomycin, but 8-64 times higher activity than that of tetracycline.	2
Title: Spirohexalines, new inhibitors of bacterial undecaprenyl pyrophosphate synthase, produced by Penicillium brasilianum FKI-3368 Abstract: An enzyme assay for bacterial undecaprenyl pyrophosphate (UPP) synthase was performed to screen microbial culture broths for inhibitors of UPP synthase. During the course of this screening program, an EtOH extract of a rice culture of Penicillium brasilianum FKI-3368 was found to inhibit UPP synthase activity. From activity-guided purification, a new compound-designated spirohexaline was isolated together with the structurally related and known viridicatumtoxin by ethyl acetate extraction silica gel and octadecylsilane column chromatographies and high-performance liquid chromatography. The structure of spirohexaline was elucidated by spectroscopic analysis, including NMR. Spirohexaline and viridicatumtoxin have a common hexacycline structure produced by fusion of a tetracycline-type ring with a spiro-type ring. They inhibited UPP synthase activity with IC₅₀ values of 9.0 and 4.0 μM, respectively.	2
Title: The ADP and ATP transport in mitochondria and its carrier Abstract: Different from some more specialised short reviews, here a general although not encyclopaedic survey of the function, metabolic role, structure and mechanism of the ADP/ATP transport in mitochondria is presented. The obvious need for an "old fashioned" review comes from the gateway role in metabolism of the ATP transfer to the cytosol from mitochondria. Amidst the labours, 40 or more years ago, of unravelling the role of mitochondrial compartments and of the two membranes, the sequence of steps of how ATP arrives in the cytosol became a major issue. When the dust settled, a picture emerged where ATP is exported across the inner membrane in a 1:1 exchange against ADP and where the selection of ATP versus ADP is controlled by the high membrane potential at the inner membrane, thus uplifting the free energy of ATP in the cytosol over the mitochondrial matrix. Thus the disparate energy and redox states of the two major compartments are bridged by two membrane potential responsive carriers to enable their symbiosis in the eukaryotic cell. The advance to the molecular level by studying the binding of nucleotides and inhibitors was facilitated by the high level of carrier (AAC) binding sites in the mitochondrial membrane. A striking flexibility of nucleotide binding uncovered the reorientation of carrier sites between outer and inner face, assisted by the side specific high affinity inhibitors. The evidence of a single carrier site versus separate sites for substrate and inhibitors was expounded. In an ideal setting principles of transport catalysis were elucidated. The isolation of intact AAC as a first for any transporter enabled the reconstitution of transport for unravelling, independently of mitochondrial complications, the factors controlling the ADP/ATP exchange. Electrical currents measured with the reconstituted AAC demonstrated electrogenic translocation and charge shift of reorienting carrier sites. Aberrant or vital para-functions of AAC in basal uncoupling and in the mitochondrial pore transition were demonstrated in mitochondria and by patch clamp with reconstituted AAC. The first amino acid sequence of AAC and of any eukaryotic carrier furnished a 6-transmembrane helix folding model, and was the basis for mapping the structure by access studies with various probes, and for demonstrating the strong conformation changes demanded by the reorientation mechanism. Mutations served to elucidate the function of residues, including the particular sensitivity of ATP versus ADP transport to deletion of critical positive charge in AAC. After resisting for decades, at last the atomic crystal structure of the stabilised CAT-AAC complex emerged supporting the predicted principle fold of the AAC but showing unexpected features relevant to mechanism. Being a snapshot of an extreme abortive "c-state" the actual mechanism still remains a conjecture.	2
Title: Burkholderia cocovenenans (van damme et al. 1960) Gillis et al. 1995 and Burkholderia vandii Urakami et al. 1994 are junior synonyms of Burkholderia gladioli (severini 1913) Yabuuchi et al. 1993 and Burkholderia plantarii (Azegami et al. 1987) Urakami et al. 1994, respectively Abstract: Reference strains of Burkholderia cocovenenans and Burkholderia vandii were compared with strains of other Burkholderia species using SDS-PAGE of whole-cell proteins, DNA-DNA hybridization and extensive biochemical characterization. Burkholderia gladioli and B. cocovenenans were indistinguishable in the chemotaxonomic and biochemical analyses. Burkholderia plantarii and B. vandii had indistinguishable whole-cell protein patterns but the B. vandii type strain differed from B. plantarii strains in several biochemical tests. The DNA-DNA binding levels (higher than 70%) indicated that (i) B. gladioli and B. cocovenenans, and (ii) B. plantarii and B. vandii each represent a single species. It is concluded that B. cocovenenans and B. vandii are junior synonyms of B. gladioli and B. plantarii, respectively.	2
Title: Isobongkrekic Acid, a New Inhibitor of Mitochondrial ADP-ATP Transport: Radioactive Labeling and Chemical and Biological Properties Abstract: An isomer of bongkrekic acid, designated as isobongkrekic acid, has been isolated from ethereal extracts of Pseudomonas cocovenenans grown on defatted coconut. Isobongkrekic acid was also obtained by alkaline treatment of bongkrekic acid. Isobongkrekic acid possesses the same ultraviolet spectrum and the same molecular weight as bongkrekic acid; it has a similar infrared spectrum but not the same nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectrum. The differences in NMR data were interpreted to mean that isobongkrekic acid differs from bongkrekic acid by the configuration of the dicarboxylic end; whereas the two carboxylic groups of the dicarboxylic end have the trans configuration in bongkrekic acid, they have the cis configuration in isobongkrekic acid. Differences between bongkrekic and isobongkrekic acids are lost after catalytic hydrogenation of the molecules. Isobongkrekic acid, like bongkrekic acid, is an uncompetitive inhibitor of ADP transport in mitochondria, provided the mitochondria are preincubated in the presence of the inhibitor and a minute concentration of ADP. The inhibitory and binding efficiency of isobongkrekic acid is considerably increased below pH 7. The number of high affinity sites for [3H] isobongkrekic acid is 0.13 to 0.20 nmol/mg protein in rat liver mitochondria and about 1 nmol/mg protein in rat heart mitochondria, i.e., similar to the number of high affinity sites for [3H] bongkrekic acid. Isobongkrekic and bongkrekic acids compete for the same site, but the affinity of isobongkrekic acid for mitochondria is one-half to one-fourth that of bongkrekic acid.	2
Title: Localization of endothelin binding sites and endothelin-like immunoreactivity in human fetal heart Abstract: The localization of [125I]endothelin-1 ([125I]ET-1) and [125I]endothelin-3 ([125I]ET-3) binding sites, as well as ET-like immunoreactivity, was investigated in sections of human fetal heart, using in vitro autoradiographic and immunohistochemical techniques. High-affinity [125I]ET-1 binding sites showed a tissue-specific distribution pattern, with high-density binding to the atria, ventricles (77-100 amol/mm2), and cardiac valve cusps (120.6 +/- 2.6 amol/mm2). Specific high-density binding of [125I]ET-3 was also exhibited on valve cusps (143.2 +/- 2 amol/mm2), whereas a much lower density of binding was displayed on atria and ventricles (10-15 amol/mm2). Microautoradiographic examination demonstrated binding sites on the wall of the aorta, pulmonary and coronary arteries, myocardium, ventricular conduction system, endocardium, and endothelial lining of valve cusps. Regional differences in the density and affinity of ET binding sites suggest that subpopulations of receptors are present in the human fetal heart. ET-like immunoreactivity was localized to a heterogeneous population of endothelial, endocardial, and epicardial mesothelial cells. The concordant localization of specific binding sites and ET-like immunoreactive cells indicates that locally released peptide might have a paracrine or autocrine role, possibly influencing cardiovascular development and function.	2
Title: Preliminary kinetic analysis of acyl carrier protein-ketoacylsynthase interactions in the actinorhodin minimal polyketide synthase Abstract: Interactions between the acyl carrier protein (ACP) and ketoacylsynthase (KS) components of the actinorhodin polyketide synthase have been investigated using kinetic assays. These indicate that for three different quantifiable interactions (acceleration of self-malonylation, initiation and extension) mutations of E47 and E53 residues located on ACP helix II have different effects. Initiation clearly involves interaction between KS(beta) and ACP helix II, but self-malonylation acceleration and extension by KS(alpha) appear not to be affected strongly by the same mutations.	2
Title: Probing the Interactions of Early Polyketide Intermediates with the Actinorhodin ACP from S. coelicolor A3(2) Abstract: Acyl carrier proteins (ACPs) are essential to both fatty acid synthase (FAS) and polyketide synthase (PKS) biosynthetic pathways, yet relatively little is known about how they function at a molecular level. Seven thiol ester and thiol ether derivatives of the actinorhodin (act) PKS ACP from Streptomyces coelicolor have been prepared and structurally characterised by NMR to gain insight into ACP-intermediate interactions. Holo ACP synthase has been used to prepare early-stage ACP intermediates of polyketide biosynthesis (holo ACP, acetyl ACP, and malonyl ACP) from the respective coenzyme A derivatives. A synthetic route to stabilised thiol ether ACPs was developed and applied to the preparation of stable 3-oxobutyl and 3,5-dioxohexyl ACP as diketide and triketide analogues. No interaction between the protein and the acyl phosphopantetheine moieties of acetyl, malonyl, or 3-oxobutyl ACP was detected. Analysis of (1)H-(15)N heteronuclear single quantum coherence and nuclear Overhauser enhancement spectroscopy spectra for the triketide ACP revealed exchange between a major ('Tri', 85%) and a minor protein conformer in which the polyketide interacts with the protein ('Tri(*)', 15%). Act ACP was also derivatised with butyryl, hexanoyl, and octanoyl groups. The corresponding NMR spectra showed large chemical shift perturbations centred on helices II and III, indicative of acyl chain binding and significant structural rearrangement. Unexpectedly, butyryl act ACP showed almost identical backbone (1)H-(15)N chemical shifts to Tri(*), suggesting comparable structural changes that might provide insight into the structurally uncharacterised polyketide bound form. Furthermore, butyryl ACP itself underwent slow conformational exchange with a second minor conformer (But(*)) with almost identical backbone chemical shifts to octanoyl act ACP. High-resolution NMR structures of these acylated forms revealed that act ACP was able to undergo dramatic conformational changes that exceed those seen in FAS ACPs. When compared to E. coli FAS ACP, the substrate binding pocket of the act PKS ACP has three specific amino acid substitutions (Thr39/Leu45, Ala68/Leu74, and Leu42/Thr48) that alter the size, shape, and location of this cavity. These conformational changes may play a role in protein-protein recognition and assist the binding of bulky polyketide intermediates.	2
Title: Crystal Structures of the Streptomyces coelicolor TetR-Like Protein ActR Alone and in Complex with Actinorhodin or the Actinorhodin Biosynthetic Precursor (S)-DNPA Abstract: Actinorhodin, an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces coelicolor, is exported from the cell by the ActA efflux pump. actA is divergently transcribed from actR, which encodes a TetR-like transcriptional repressor. We showed previously that ActR represses transcription by binding to an operator from the actA/actR intergenic region. Importantly, actinorhodin itself or various actinorhodin biosynthetic intermediates can cause ActR to dissociate from its operator, leading to derepression. This suggests that ActR may mediate timely self-resistance to an endogenously produced antibiotic by responding to one of its biosynthetic precursors. Here, we report the structural basis for this precursor-mediated derepression with crystal structures of homodimeric ActR by itself and in complex with either actinorhodin or the actinorhodin biosynthetic intermediate (S)-DNPA [4-dihydro-9-hydroxy-1-methyl-10-oxo-3-H-naphtho-[2,3-c]-pyran-3-(S)-acetic acid]. The ligand-binding tunnel in each ActR monomer has a striking hydrophilic/hydrophobic/hydrophilic arrangement of surface residues that accommodate either one hexacyclic actinorhodin molecule or two back-to-back tricyclic (S)-DNPA molecules. Moreover, our work also reveals the strongest structural evidence to date that TetR-mediated antibiotic resistance may have been acquired from an antibiotic-producer organism.	2
Title: Inhibition kinetics and emodin cocrystal structure of a type II polyketide ketoreductase Abstract: Type II polyketides are a class of natural products that include pharmaceutically important aromatic compounds such as the antibiotic tetracycline and antitumor compound doxorubicin. The type II polyketide synthase (PKS) is a complex consisting of 5-10 standalone domains homologous to fatty acid synthase (FAS). Polyketide ketoreductase (KR) provides regio- and stereochemical diversity during the reduction. How the type II polyketide KR specifically reduces only the C9 carbonyl group is not well understood. The cocrystal structures of actinorhodin polyketide ketoreductase (actKR) bound with NADPH or NADP+ and the inhibitor emodin were solved with the wild type and P94L mutant of actKR, revealing the first observation of a bent p-quinone in an enzyme active site. Molecular dynamics simulation help explain the origin of the bent geometry. Extensive screening for in vitro substrates shows that unlike FAS KR, the actKR prefers bicyclic substrates. Inhibition kinetics indicate that actKR follows an ordered Bi Bi mechanism. Together with docking simulations that identified a potential phosphopantetheine binding groove, the structural and functional studies reveal that the C9 specificity is a result of active site geometry and substrate ring constraints. The results lay the foundation for the design of novel aromatic polyketide natural products with different reduction patterns.	2
Title: Dissecting the component reactions catalyzed by the actinorhodin minimal polyketide synthase Abstract: The actinorhodin (act) minimal polyketide synthase (PKS) from Streptomyces coelicolor consists of three proteins: an acyl carrier protein (ACP) and two beta-ketoacyl ACP synthase components known as KSalpha and KSbeta. The act minimal PKS catalyzes at least 18 separate reactions which can be divided into loading, initiation, extension, and cyclization and release phases. Two quantitative kinetic assays were developed and used to measure individual rate and Michaelis constants for loading, initiation and extension steps. In the minimal PKS, the reaction between malonyl CoA and ACP to form malonyl ACP (loading) is the rate-limiting step (kcat = 0.49 min-1, KM = 207 microM). This reaction increases 5-fold in rate in the presence of KSalphaKSbeta (kcat = 2.3 min-1, KM = 215 microM). In the presence of S. coelicolor malonyl CoA:ACP transacylase (MCAT), the rate of loading increases and the kinetic parameters of malonyl-ACP as a substrate of KSalphaKSbeta can be measured (kcat = 20.6 min-1, KM = 2.4 microM). Under these conditions, it appears that decarboxylation of malonyl-ACP to form acetyl-ACP (initiation) is the rate-limiting step. When an excess of acetyl ACP is supplied, either chain extension, cyclization, or release steps become rate limiting (k approximately 60 min-1). No ACP-bound intermediates could be observed, suggesting that partially or fully extended chains do not accumulate because chain extension is rate limiting under these conditions and that cyclization and release are fast. apo-ACP acts as a mixed inhibitor of malonyl ACP binding to KSalpha/KSbeta (Kic = 50 microM, Kiu = 137 microM), but apo-ACP does not appear to inhibit MCAT.	2
Title: Investigation of transcription repression and small-molecule responsiveness by TetR-Like transcription factors using a heterologous Escherichia coli-based assay Abstract: The SCO7222 protein and ActR are two of approximately 150 TetR-like transcription factors encoded in the Streptomyces coelicolor genome. Using bioluminescence as a readout, we have developed Escherichia coli-based biosensors that accurately report the regulatory activity of these proteins and used it to investigate their interactions with DNA and small-molecule ligands. We found that the SCO7222 protein and ActR repress the expression of their putative target genes, SCO7223 and actII-ORF2 (actA), respectively, by interacting with operator sequence in the promoters. The operators recognized by the two proteins are related such that O(7223) (an operator for SCO7223) could be bound by both the SCO7222 protein and ActR with similar affinities. In contrast, O(act) (an operator for actII-ORF2) was bound tightly by ActR and more weakly by the SCO7222 protein. We demonstrated ligand specificity of these proteins by showing that while TetR (but not ActR or the SCO7222 protein) interacts with tetracyclines, ActR (but not TetR or the SCO7222 protein) interacts with actinorhodin and related molecules. Through operator-targeted mutagenesis, we found that at least two nucleotide changes in O(7223) were required to disrupt its interaction with SCO7222 protein, while ActR was more sensitive to changes on O(act). Most importantly, we found that the interaction of each protein with wild-type and mutant operator sequences in vivo and in vitro correlated perfectly. Our data suggest that E. coli-based biosensors of this type should be broadly applicable to TetR-like transcription factors.	2
Title: The crystal structure of the actIII actinorhodin polyketide reductase: Proposed mechanism for ACP and polyketide binding Abstract: We have determined the 2.5 angstroms crystal structure of an active, tetrameric Streptomyces coelicolor type II polyketide ketoreductase (actIII) with its bound cofactor, NADP+. This structure shows a Rossman dinucleotide binding fold characteristic of SDR enzymes. Of two subunits in the crystallographic asymmetric unit, one is closed around the active site. Formate is observed in the open subunit, indicating possible carbonyl binding sites of the polyketide intermediate. Unlike previous models we observe crystal contacts that may mimic the KR-ACP interactions that may drive active site opening. Based on these observations, we have constructed a model for ACP and polyketide binding. We propose that binding of ACP triggers a conformational change from the closed to the open, active form of the enzyme. The polyketide chain enters the active site and reduction occurs. The model also suggests a general mechanism for ACP recognition which is applicable to a range of protein families.	2
Title: Arimetamycin A: Improving clinically relevant families of natural products through sequence-guided screening of soil metagenomes Abstract: Sequence-tag-guided screening of soil environmental DNA libraries can be used to guide the discovery of new compounds with improved properties. In heterologous expression experiments the eDNA-derived arm cluster encodes arimetamycin A, an anthracycline that is more potent than clinically used natural anthracyclines and retains activity against multidrug-resistant (MDR) cancer cells.	2
Title: Induction of apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in mouse colon 26 cells by benastatin A Abstract: Benastatin A, isolated from Streptomyces bacteria, is reported to inhibit mammalian glutathione transferases (GSTs). Since GST inhibitors such as ethacrynic acid are suggested to induce apoptosis in some cell lines, the effect of benastatin A on the survival of mouse colon 26 adenocarcinoma cells was compared with that of ethacrynic acid. When cells in stationary phase were treated with benastatin A, viable cells were found to be dose-dependently decreased after 3 days. In the case of ethacrynic acid, this became apparent within 24 h. Electrophoretic analysis revealed DNA fragmentation, indicating that cell loss was due to apoptosis in both cases. The dominant GST in colon 26 cells was identified as the class Pi-form (GST-II), and the activities in crude extracts as well as purified GST-II were almost completely inhibited by 50 microM ethacrynic acid. Immunoblot and northern blot analyses revealed increased GST-II protein and mRNA levels in cells treated with ethacrynic acid. Benastatin A did not significantly affect the activity in the crude extract even at 20 microM, a 10-fold higher concentration than that which almost completely inhibited the activity of purified GST-II. However, GST activity and GST-II protein were decreased in colon 26 cells treated with benastatin A for 5 days, no significant activity being detected in the range of 16 - 20 microM. In addition, beta-actin and bax mRNAs were also decreased in a dose-dependent manner. Furthermore, flow cytometric analysis of colon 26 cells revealed that benastatin A blocked the cell cycle at the G1/G0 phase. Thus, benastatin A also induces apoptosis of colon 26 cells, but this is unlikely to be due to inhibition of GST activity.	2
Title: Chartreusin, elsamicin A and related anti-cancer antibiotics Abstract: Chartreusin and elsamicin A are structurally related antibiotics that bind to GC-rich tracts in DNA, with a clear preference for B-DNA over Z-DNA. They inhibit RNA synthesis and cause single-strand scission of DNA via the formation of free radicals. Elsamicin A can also be regarded as the most potent inhibitor of topoisomerase II reported so far. It can inhibit the formation of several DNA-protein complexes. Elsamicin A binding to the P1 and P2 promoter regions of the c-myc oncogene inhibits the binding of the Sp1 transcription factor, thus inhibiting transcription. Despite the pharmacological interest in chartreusin, elsamicin A and their derivatives, there is no experimental data on the structure of their complexes with DNA. This shortcoming has been partially solved by a theoretical approach, which provided some details about the DNA-elsamicin A interaction, and the thermodynamic characterization of the binding of chartreusin and elsamicin A to DNA. Elsamicin A but not chartreusin is being developed clinically as an anti-cancer agent. IST-622 (6-O-(3-ethoxypropylonyl)-3',4'-O-exo-benzylidene-chartreusin), a novel semi-synthetic derivative of chartreusin, which has shown a promising anti-cancer activity in a phase II study, appears to be a pro-drug with a more suitable pharmacokinetic profile than chartreusin.	2
Title: Thermodynamic characterization of the multivalent binding of chartreusin to DNA Abstract: Characterization of the thermodynamics of DNA- drug interactions is a very useful part in rational drug design. Isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC), differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) and UV melting experiments have been used to analyze the multivalent (intercalation plus minor groove) binding of the antitumor antibiotic chartreusin to DNA. Using DNA UV melting studies in the presence of the ligand and the binding enthalpy determined by ITC, we determined that the binding constant for the interaction was 3.6 x 10(5) M(-1) at 20 degrees C, in a solution containing 18 mM Na(+). The DNA-drug interaction was enthalpy driven, with a DeltaH(b) of -7.07 kcal/mol at 20 degrees C. Binding enthalpies were determined by ITC in the 20-35 degrees C range and used to calculate a binding-induced change in heat capacity (DeltaCp) of -391 cal/mol K. We have obtained a detailed thermodynamic profile for the interaction of this multivalent drug, which makes possible a dissection of DeltaG(obs) into the component free energy terms. The hydrophobic transfer of the chartreusin chromophore from the solution to the DNA intercalating site is the main contributor to the free energy of binding.	2
Title: Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic study of IST-622, a novel synthetic derivative of chartreusin, by oral administration in a phase II study of patients with breast cancer Abstract: The aim of this study was to analyze the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics (PK/PD) of 6- O-(3-ethoxypropionyl)-3',4'- O-exo-benzylidene-chartreusin (IST-622) and its metabolites, and to develop limited sampling models (LSM). Based on the data from 18 patients with breast cancer who were treated orally with 280 or 525 mg/m(2) of IST-622 once daily after breakfast for five consecutive days, we analyzed the relationship between the area under the plasma concentration versus time curve (AUC) and toxicities using a sigmoid E-max model and logistic regression. Plasma concentrations of IST-622 and its metabolites, 3',4'- O-exo-benzylidene-chartreusin (A-132) and 3"-demethyl-3',4'- O-exo-benzylidene-chartreusin (A-132M), were measured at 1, 2, 4, 8 and 24 h after administration on day 1. The AUC was calculated using the trapezoidal method. We also developed a LSM using stepwise linear regression analysis. IST-622 was detected in very few patients, and its concentration was very low and could be disregarded. It was suggested that meals promoted absorption of IST-622. AUCs of A-132 plus A-132M showed a better correlation with the rates of decrease and nadir counts of leukocytes, neutrophils and platelets than the AUC of each metabolite separately. Patients with the sum of AUCs more than 70 microg.h/ml showed severe myelotoxicities. Moreover, logistic regression analysis showed that grade 4 myelotoxicities would be seen in 30% of patients at an AUC of 65 microg.h/ml. We also developed an unbiased and precise LSM: AUC<SUB>0-24h</SUB>=C<SUB>8h</SUB>x17.6-0.95, where C(8h) denotes the sum of plasma concentrations of A-132 and A-132M. Myelotoxicities showed a good correlation with AUC(0-24h), and based on the results, it was decided that the target AUC was 65 microg.h/ml. The LSM was very convenient for estimating AUC(0-24h) and sufficiently accurate. These results show the possibility of predicting toxicities and dose adaptation for interpatient variability using LSM.	2
Title: The chromomycin CmmA acetyltransferase: A membrane-bound enzyme as a tool for increasing structural diversity of the antitumour mithramycin Abstract: Mithramycin and chromomycin A(3) are two structurally related antitumour compounds, which differ in the glycosylation profiles and functional group substitutions of the sugars. Chromomycin contains two acetyl groups, which are incorporated during the biosynthesis by the acetyltransferase CmmA in Streptomyces griseus ssp. griseus. A bioconversion strategy using an engineered S. griseus strain generated seven novel acetylated mithramycins. The newly formed compounds were purified and characterized by MS and NMR. These new compounds differ from their parental compounds in the presence of one, two or three acetyl groups, attached at 3E, 4E and/or 4D positions. All new mithramycin analogues showed antitumour activity at micromolar of lower concentrations. Some of the compounds showed improved activities against glioblastoma or pancreas tumour cells. The CmmA acetyltransferase was located in the cell membrane and was shown to accept several acyl-CoA substrates. All these results highlight the potential of CmmA as a tool to create structural diversity in these antitumour compounds.	2
Title: Flavin-mediated dual oxidation controls an enzymatic Favorskii-type rearrangement Abstract: Flavoproteins catalyse a diversity of fundamental redox reactions and are one of the most studied enzyme families. As monooxygenases, they are universally thought to control oxygenation by means of a peroxyflavin species that transfers a single atom of molecular oxygen to an organic substrate. Here we report that the bacterial flavoenzyme EncM catalyses the peroxyflavin-independent oxygenation-dehydrogenation dual oxidation of a highly reactive poly(β-carbonyl). The crystal structure of EncM with bound substrate mimics and isotope labelling studies reveal previously unknown flavin redox biochemistry. We show that EncM maintains an unexpected stable flavin-oxygenating species, proposed to be a flavin-N5-oxide, to promote substrate oxidation and trigger a rare Favorskii-type rearrangement that is central to the biosynthesis of the antibiotic enterocin. This work provides new insight into the fine-tuning of the flavin cofactor in offsetting the innate reactivity of a polyketide substrate to direct its efficient electrocyclization.	2
Title: Enterocin, a new antibiotic taxonomy, isolation and characterization Abstract: Enterocin is a new antibiotic isolated from cultures of two strains of Streptomyces, which were given the names Streptomyces candidus var. enterostaticus WS-8096 and variant M-127 of Streptomyces viridochromogenes. Its elementary analysis and mass spectroscopic measurement suggest the molecular formula is C22H20010. The ultraviolet absorption gave two maximal peaks at 250 nm and 283 nm in methanol. Enterocin has static activities against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and no activity against fungi and yeast.	2
Title: Landomycins, new angucycline antibiotics from streptomyces sp. I. Structural studies on landomycins A~D Abstract: The chemical structure of the new angucycline antibiotic landomycin A has been elucidated via chemical and spectroscopic methods, in particular by 2D NMR correlation spectroscopy, e.g., 1H, 1H-COSY, 13C, 1H-COSY, correlation spectroscopy via long-range-couplings and heteronuclear multiple bond connectivity spectroscopy sequences. The spectroscopic investigations were carried out principally with the octaacetyl derivative of landomycin A, which is more soluble in organic solvents than landomycin A itself. The structure consists of a new, unusual angucyclinone, landomycinone A, and of six deoxy sugars, four D-olivoses and two L-rhodinoses, which are all assembled in one chain thus forming the sequence (olivose-4----1-olivose-3----1-rhodinose)2. This long sugar chain is bonded as a phenolic glycoside to the aglycone moiety, a unique structural feature among quinone glycoside antibiotics. By comparison with the main component landomycin A, the structures of three minor congeners, namely landomycins B, C and D, could be proposed.	2
Title: Landomycin A inhibits DNA synthesis and G1/S cell cycle progression Abstract: Landomycin A was found to inhibit the uptake of [3H]thymidine into DNA in murine smooth muscle cells indicating decreased DNA synthesis. Subsequent studies showed that landomycin A inhibits cell cycle progression.	2
Title: The sensitivity to landomycins A and E of streptomycetes, producers of polyketide antibiotics Chutlyvist' do landomitsyniv A i E streptomitsetiv--produtsentiv poliketydnykh antybiotykiv. Abstract: Streptomycetes, which are the producers of different polyketide antibiotics, can be divided into 4 groups as to their sensitivity to landomycins A and E: 1) S. glaucescens Tü49, producer of tetracenomycin and S. aureofaciens 019, producer of chlortetracycline belong to the most landomycin-sensitive strains. 2) S. cyanogenus S136, producer of landomycin A, and S. lividans TK24, producer of actinorhodin, were sensitive to mean and high doses of landomycin E (more than 60-80 ug/ml). 3) S. globisporus 1912 (producer of landomycin E), S. cyanogenus S136, S. fradiae Tü2717, producer of urdamycins and S. coelicolor A3(2), producer of actinorhodin have moderate sensitivity to all doses of the both antibiotics but strain S136 only to low doses. 4) Resistance to landomycins A and E was observed in strain S. olivaceus Tü2353, producer of elloramycin. In all the experiments landomycin E showed the 1-2 orders higher lethal activity in comparison with landomycin A which molecule is composed of the same aglycon landomycenone A but a longer polysaccharide chain which probably hampers the penetration of antibiotic through the cell membrane.	2
Title: Structural characterization of O- and C-glycosylating variants of the landomycin glycosyltransferase LanGT2 Abstract: The structures of the O-glycosyltransferase LanGT2 and the engineered, C-C bond-forming variant LanGT2S8Ac show how the replacement of a single loop can change the functionality of the enzyme. Crystal structures of the enzymes in complex with a nonhydrolyzable nucleotide-sugar analogue revealed that there is a conformational transition to create the binding sites for the aglycon substrate. This induced-fit transition was explored by molecular docking experiments with various aglycon substrates.	2
Title: Rational design of an Aryl-C-glycoside catalyst from a natural product O-glycosyltransferase Abstract: Because the sugar moieties of natural products are primarily O-linked, the hydrolytic sensitivity of the glycosidic linkage limits their therapeutic application. One potential solution to this problem is to replace the labile O-glycosidic bond with an enzymatically and chemically stable C-glycosidic bond. In this study, computational analysis of the O-glycosyltransferase LanGT2 and the C-glycosyltransferase UrdGT2 was used to predict the changes necessary to switch the O-glycosylating enzyme to a C-glycosyltransferase. By screening rationally designed LanGT2 mutants a number of LanGT2 variants with C-glycosyltransferase activity were identified. One variant, having 10 amino acid substitutions, revealed the primary region that determines O- versus C-glycosylation. By modeling the active site of this mutant and probing the role of active site residues with alanine substitutions, this work also illuminates the mechanistic features of O- and C-glycosylation.	2
Title: The cytotoxicity of (-)-lomaiviticin A arises from induction of double-strand breaks in DNA Abstract: The metabolite (-)-lomaiviticin A, which contains two diazotetrahydrobenzo[b]fluorene (diazofluorene) functional groups, inhibits the growth of cultured human cancer cells at nanomolar-picomolar concentrations; however, the mechanism responsible for the potent cytotoxicity of this natural product is not known. Here we report that (-)-lomaiviticin A nicks and cleaves plasmid DNA by a pathway that is independent of reactive oxygen species and iron, and that the potent cytotoxicity of (-)-lomaiviticin A arises from the induction of DNA double-strand breaks (dsbs). In a plasmid cleavage assay, the ratio of single-strand breaks (ssbs) to dsbs is 5.3 ± 0.6:1. Labelling studies suggest that this cleavage occurs via a radical pathway. The structurally related isolates (-)-lomaiviticin C and (-)-kinamycin C, which contain one diazofluorene, are demonstrated to be much less effective DNA cleavage agents, thereby providing an explanation for the enhanced cytotoxicity of (-)-lomaiviticin A compared to that of other members of this family.	2
Title: Isolation of lomaiviticins C-E, transformation of lomaiviticin C to lomaiviticin A, complete structure elucidation of lomaiviticin A, and structure-activity analyses Abstract: We describe the isolation of (-)-lomaiviticins C-E (6-8), elucidation of the complete absolute and relative stereochemistry of (-)-lomaiviticin A (1), the synthetic conversion of (-)-lomaiviticin C (6) to (-)-lomaiviticin A (1), and the first evidence that the dimeric diazofluorene of (-)-lomaiviticin A (1) plays a defining and critical role in antiproliferative activity.	2
Title: An ABC transporter is essential for resistance to the antitumor agent mithramycin in the producer Streptomyces argillaceus Abstract: Mithramycin is an antitumor antibiotic synthesized by Streptomyces argillaceus. This producer strain is highly resistant in vivo to mithramycin (MIC 100 micrograms/ml) but sensitive to the related drugs chromomycin and olivomycin (MIC 10 micrograms/ml). From a genomic library of S. argillaceus DNA two cosmid clones were isolated which confer a high level of resistance to mithramycin on S. albus. The resistance genes were mapped by subcloning to a 3.9-kb PstI-PvuII fragment. DNA sequence analysis of this fragment revealed one incomplete and three complete open reading frames. Subcloning experiments demonstrated that resistance to mithramycin is mediated by the genes mtrA and mtrB. The mtrA gene can potentially encode an ATP-binding protein of the ABC transporter superfamily, containing one nucleotide-binding domain and showing similarity with other ABC transporters involved in resistance to daunorubicin, oleandomycin and tetronasin in their respective producer strains. The mtrB gene codes for an integral membrane protein with six putative transmembrane helices. A mithramycin-sensitive mutant was generated in a gene replacement experiment by disrupting the mtrA gene, thus demonstrating that the system encoded by the mtrAB genes is essential for conferring resistance to mithramycin in S. argillaceus.	2
Title: The structure of mithramycin reinvestigated Abstract: A reinvestigation of the structure of mithramycin, the principal product of Streptomyces argillaceus ATCC 12956, is reported. The structure elucidation was carried out with mithramycin decaacetate (4) using 2D NMR methods, including TOCSY, HMBC, and HSQC experiments. The work resulted in structure 3being confirmed for mithramycin.	2
Title: MtmMII-mediated C-Methylation during Biosynthesis of the Antitumor Drug Mithramycin Is Essential for Biological Activity and DNA-Drug Interaction Abstract: The antitumor drug mithramycin consists of a polyketide chromophore glycosylated with a trisaccharide and a disaccharide. Two post-polyketide methylations take place during mithramycin biosynthesis. One of these methylations has been shown to be very relevant for biological activity, that is the introduction of a methyl group at aromatic C-7. We have purified to 282- fold the MtmMII methyltransferase involved in this reaction. The protein is a monomer, and results from kinetic studies were consistent with a model for the enzyme acting via a compulsory order mechanism. The enzyme showed high substrate specificity and was unable to operate on structurally closely related molecules. Structural predictions suggest that the molecule is integrated by two domains, an essentially all alpha-amino domain and an alpha/beta-carboxyl domain displaying a variation of a Rossmann-fold containing the cofactor binding site. Although 7-demethyl-mithramycin did not show any biological activity, it was able to reach the nucleus of eukaryotic cells, with subsequent binding to DNA. Mithramycin and 7-demethylmithramycin were able to form similar complexes with Mg(2+), although their respective DNA binding isotherms were very different. The dinucleotide binding model fit well the isotherms recorded for both compounds, predicting that the C-7 methyl group was essential for high affinity binding to specific GC and CG sequences. Considering previous structural studies, we propose that this effect is performed by positioning the group in the floor of the minor groove, allowing the interaction with the third sugar moiety of the trisaccharide, d-mycarose, which is involved in sequence selectivity.	2
Title: Identification of a cyclase gene dictating the C-9 stereochemistry of anthracyclines from Streptomyces nogalater Abstract: Nogalamycin is an anthracycline antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nogalater. Its aglycone has a unique stereochemistry (7S, 9S, 10R) compared to that of most other anthracyclines (7S, 9R, 10R). The gene snoaL, encoding a nogalonic acid methyl ester cyclase for nogalamycin, was used to generate nogalamycinone, demonstrating that the single cyclase dictates the C-9 stereochemistry of anthracyclines.	2
Title: The boat-shaped polyketide resistoflavin results from Re-facial central hydroxylation of the discoid metabolite resistomycin Abstract: Resistoflavin (1) is a rare boat-shaped pentacyclic polyketide metabolite of Streptomyces resistomycificus with marked antibacterial activity. By a series of experiments we have disclosed that the optically active molecule is derived from the discoid polyketide resistomycin (2) by an unusual, enantioface-differentiating hydroxylation, which leads to the capped pentacyclic ring system. In vivo and in vitro experiments unequivocally demonstrate that this reaction is catalyzed by RemO, an FAD-dependent monooxygenase. In addition, we were able to establish the absolute configuration of 1 and thus the stereochemical course of this rare enzymatic reaction by extensive computational methods. Comparison of the experimental CD spectrum with those quantum chemically calculated for (R)-1 and (S)-1 revealed the R-configuration of 1. Consequently, the enzyme-catalyzed hydroxylation takes place from the Re-face of 2 with loss of aromaticity in favor of a chiral carbinol center. While other oxygenases involved in polyketide tailoring functionalize the periphery of polyphenols, RemO is unique in its ability to catalyze a central, nonperipheral hydroxylation of a fused ring system.	2
Title: 3-alkanoyl-5-hydroxymethyl tetronic acid homologues and resistomycin: New inhibitors of HIV-1 protease. I. Fermentation, isolation and biological activity Abstract: In the course of a screening program for HIV-1 protease inhibiting activity, six new homologues of 3-alkanoyl-5-hydroxymethyl tetronic acids (1 approximately 6) and the known natural product resistomycin (7) were isolated from cultures of the Actinomycete strain DSM 7357. The substituted tetronic acids belong to a recently described structural class of secondary metabolites. The HIV-1 activity of resistomycin (7) has not been reported before.	2
Title: Effects of the antibiotic resistomycin on the synthesis of macromolecules Abstract: Resistomycin preferentially inhibits RNA synthesis in comparison to DNA and protein synthesis in intact bacterial cells. Studies with cell-free systems have shown that the antibiotic interferes with DNA and RNA synthesis, while protein synthesis is inhibited to a much lesser extent. Detailed studies in cell-free systems indicate an interaction of resistomycin with DNA- and RNA polymerase. In the case of RNA polymerase this was proved by CD measurements, whereas no interaction of the antibiotic with DNA, RNA, and homopolynucleotides could be found. One can conclude that the binding of the antibiotic to RNA polymerase is the basis for its interference with RNA synthesis.	2
Title: Effects of polyphenolic anthrone derivatives, resistomycin and hypericin, on apoptosis in human megakaryoblastic leukemia CMK-7 cell line Abstract: A tetrahydroxyanthrone derivative, resistomycin, was isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sulphureus and a similar polyphenolic dianthraquinone, hypericin, was isolated from an extract of Hypericum perforatum L. as modulators for apoptosis. Resistomycin inhibited apoptosis induced by actinomycin D (AD) with or without acceleration by colcemid (CL) in human megakaryoblastic leukemia CMK-7 cells, IC50 for inhibition against AD-induced apoptosis was about 0.5 microM and IC50 for inhibition against AD plus CL-induced apoptosis was about 1 microM. CL alone induced weak apoptosis in cells, which was enhanced by resistomycin. Hypericin did not inhibit AD-induced apoptosis and slightly enhanced CL-induced apoptosis. Emodin, corresponding to 1 of 2 anthraquinone units in hypericin, did not show any effect on this apoptotic system. AD-induced apoptosis was inhibited by the antioxidative flavonoid, luteolin (IC50 45 microM), and a protein kinase C (PKC) inhibitor, staurosporine (IC50 1.5 microM), but these compounds did not affect the CL-induced apoptosis. Hypericin and resistomycin scavenged superoxide anion radicals at the same rate as luteolin. PKC in CMK-7 cells was inhibited by hypericin and luteolin, but not significantly inhibited by resistomycin. This result suggests that the inhibition of AD-induced apoptosis by resistomycin is at least partly correlated with its antioxidative activity, and that the enhancement of CL-induced apoptosis by this compound depends upon the lack of PKC inhibitory activity. Though the mechanism is not clear, the enhancement of the CL-induced apoptosis might be hindered by PKC inhibition in the case of hypericin and luteolin.	2
Title: Resistoflavine, cytotoxic compound from a marine actinomycete, Streptomyces chibaensis AUBN1/7 Abstract: In our systematic screening programme for marine actinomycetes, a bioactive Streptomycete was isolated from marine sediment samples of Bay of Bengal, India. The taxonomic studies indicated that the isolate belongs to Streptomyces chibaensis and it was designated as S. chibaensis AUBN1/7. The isolate yielded a cytotoxic compound. It was obtained by solvent extraction followed by the chromatographic purification. Based on the spectral data of the pure compound, it was identified as quinone-related antibiotic, resistoflavine (1). It showed a potent cytotoxic activity against cell lines viz. HMO2 (Gastric adenocarcinoma) and HePG2 (Hepatic carcinoma) in vitro and also exhibited weak antibacterial activities against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.	2
Title: A New Tetracycline Antibiotic With Antitumor Activity I. Taxonomy And Fermentation Of The Producing Strain, Isolation And Characterization Of Sf2575 Abstract: A new antitumor antibiotic SF2575 has been isolated from a culture filtrate of Streptomyces sp. SF2575. The molecular formula was determined to be C40H43NO15 by elemental analysis, mass and 13C NMR spectral analyses. The spectral data revealed SF2575 to be a new tetracycline antibiotic. It was active against Gram-positive bacteria and exhibited antitumor activity against P388 leukemia in mice.	2
Title: Triple hydroxylation of tetracenomycin A2 to tetracenomycin C in Streptomyces glaucescens. Overexpression of the tcmG gene in Streptomyces lividans and characterization of the tetracenomycin A2 oxygenase Abstract: Nucleotide sequence analysis of the tcmG gene has suggested that the TcmG protein is responsible for the triple-hydroxylation of tetracenomycin (Tcm) A2 to Tcm C in Streptomyces glaucescens (Decker, H., Motamedi, H., and Hutchinson, C.R. (1993) J. Bacteriol. 175, 3876-3886). The heterologous expression of the tcmG gene in Streptomyces lividans and the purification and characterization of TcmG protein, which we have named Tcm A2 oxygenase, are described here. NH2-terminal amino acid analysis of the purified enzyme led to the revision of the translational start site of tcmG to a TTG, 33 base pairs downstream of the GTG site assigned initially on the basis of nucleotide sequence analysis. Tcm A2 oxygenase is a monomeric protein in solution and contains 1 mol of non-covalently bound FAD; the apoenzyme can be partially reconstituted in vitro by addition of FAD. Tcm A2 oxygenase exhibits an optimal pH of 9.0-9.5 and prefers NADPH over NADH as an electron donor. The apparent K'm of the enzyme for Tcm A2, NADH, and NADPH are 1.81 +/- 0.38, 260 +/- 19, and 82.1 +/- 17 microM, respectively, and the apparent V'max for the reaction is 14.7 +/- 1.1 nmol Tcm C/min.mg. Purification and characterization of Tcm A2 oxygenase provide direct evidence to support the notion that the angular hydroxy groups of naphthacenequinones like Tcm C are introduced from 18O2 via a mono- or dioxygenase process.	2
Title: Metabolic Products of Microorganisms. 2341)Urdamycins, New Angucycline Antibiotics from Streptomyces Fradiae I. Isolation, Characterization and Biological Properties Abstract: The colored urdamycins A to F, six new angucycline antibiotics produced by Streptomyces fradiae strain Tü 2717, were detected by chemical screening. They are biologically active against Gram-positive bacteria and stem cells of murine L1210 leukemia. The urdamycins are glycosides and differ in their aglycones, which can be liberated by acidic hydrolysis besides the sugars D-olivose and L-rhodinose. The structure of the main compound, urdamycin A, follows from the spectroscopic and chemical data in connection with an X-ray analysis. The aglycone urdamycinone A is identical with aquayamycin. The structures of urdamycin B, E, F and partial structures of urdamycin C and D, will be presented in a subsequent paper. The new term "angucycline/angucyclinone" is used for an increasing group of related antibiotics.	2
Title: Urdamycins, new angucycline antibiotics from streptomyces fradiae. V. Derivatives of urdamycin A Abstract: Derivatives of the angucycline urdamycin A (1) were prepared in order to study structure-activity relationships in this group of antitumor antibiotics. Derivatives of 1 formed by methanolysis, O-acylation, hydrogenation and treatment with diazomethane were isolated and characterized by their spectroscopic data. Urdamycin G (20) was isolated from Streptomyces fradiae by shortening the fermentation time. The different glycosidation pattern of the aglycone 14 did not lead to significant differences in the biological activity. O-Acylation was shown to enhance the in vitro activity of 1 against stem cells of murine L1210 leukemia depending on the lipophilicity of the molecules. The importance of the 5,6-double bond of 1 with regard to the antitumor activities is discussed.	2
Title: The C-glycosyltransferase UrdGT2 is unselective toward D- and L-configured nucleotide-bound rhodinoses Abstract: UrdGT2 is a d-olivosyltransferase from the metabolic pathway of urdamycin A, an angucycline antitumor and antimicrobial drug. The remarkable feature of this biocatalyst is its ability to set up C-glycosidic bonds. Using an in vivo system suitable to deliver the trideoxysugar rhodinose in both d- and l- configuration we could verify that both have been accepted as substrates and attached to the urdamycin polyketide backbone via a C-glycosidic bond. Regardless of the stereochemistry, these C-glycosides served as acceptor for a subsequent glycosylation step to yield the novel urdamycins R and S with di-rhodinosyl side chains at C-9 of the polyketide moiety.	2
Title: Surprising production of a new urdamycin derivative by S. fradiae ΔurdQ/R Abstract: A strain (S. fradiae Delta urdQ/R) with mutations in urdQ and urdR encoding a dTDP-hexose-3,4-dehydratase and a dTDP-hexose-4-ketoreductase, respectively, produces a new urdamycin analogue (urdamycin X) with changes in the polyketide structure. The structure of urdamycin X has been elucidated by NMR spectroscopy. Urdamycin X was not detectable, even in small amounts, in either S. fradiae Delta urdQ, in S. fradiae DeltaurdR or in S. fradiae A0, a mutant lacking all glycosyltransferase genes. Complementation of S. fradiae Delta urdQ/R restored urdamycin A production indicating that the mutations did not cause any polar effect.	2
Title: Characterization of interactions between the transcriptional repressor PhlF and its binding site at the phlA promoter in Pseudomonas fluorescens F113 Abstract: The phlACBD genes responsible for the biosynthesis of the antifungal metabolite 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol (PHL) by the biocontrol strain Pseudomonas fluorescens F113 are regulated at the transcriptional level by the pathway-specific repressor PhlF. Strong evidence suggests that this regulation occurs mainly in the early logarithmic phase of growth. First, the expression of the phlF gene is relatively high between 3 and 13 h of growth and relatively low thereafter, with the phlACBD operon following an opposite expression profile. Second, the kinetics of PHL biosynthesis are specifically altered in the logarithmic phase in a P. fluorescens F113 phlF mutant. The phlA-phlF intergenic region presents a complex organization in that phlACBD is transcribed from a sigma(70) RNA polymerase-dependent promoter that is likely to overlap the promoter of the divergently transcribed phlF gene. The repression by PhlF is due to its interaction with an inverted repeated sequence, phO, located downstream of the phlA transcriptional start site. Cross-linking experiments indicate that PhlF can dimerize in solution, and thus PhlF may bind phO as a dimer or higher-order complex. Furthermore, it is now demonstrated that certain regulators of PHL synthesis act by modulating PhlF binding to phO. PHL, which has previously been shown to be an autoinducer of PHL biosynthesis, interacts with PhlF to destabilize the PhlF-phO complex. Conversely, the PhlF-phO complex is stabilized by the presence of salicylate, which has been shown to be an inhibitor of phlA expression.	2
Title: The bacterial secondary metabolite 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol impairs mitochondrial function and affects calcium homeostasis in Neurospora crassa Abstract: The bacterial secondary metabolite 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol (DAPG) is of interest as an active ingredient of biological control strains of Pseudomonas fluorescens and as a potential lead pharmaceutical molecule because of its capacity to inhibit growth of diverse microbial and non-microbial cells. The mechanism by which this occurs is unknown and in this study the filamentous fungus Neurospora crassa was used as a model to investigate the effects of DAPG on a eukaryotic cell. Colony growth, conidial germination and cell fusion assays confirmed the inhibitory nature of DAPG towards N. crassa. A number of different fluorescent dyes and fluorescent protein reporters were used to assess the effects of DAPG treatment on mitochondrial and other cellular functions. DAPG treatment led to changes in mitochondrial morphology, and rapid loss of mitochondrial membrane potential. These effects are likely to be responsible for the toxicity of DAPG. It was also found that DAPG treatment caused extracellular calcium to be taken up by conidial germlings leading to a transient increase in cytosolic free Ca(2+) with a distinct concentration dependent Ca(2+) signature.	2
Title: A derivative of the glycopeptide A40926 produced by inactivation of the β-hydroxylase gene in Nonomuraea sp. ATCC39727 Abstract: The actinomycete Nonomuraea sp. ATCC39727 produces the glycopeptide A40926. In the corresponding dbv cluster, ORF28 encodes a putative hydroxylase. A gene replacement mutant of ORF28 in Nonomuraea produces a small amount of an A40926-related metabolite, 16 amu smaller than the parent compound, which was identified as the desoxyderivative of A40926 lacking the beta-hydroxyl group on the tyrosine moiety. This result demonstrates that ORF28 is actually involved in the formation of the beta-hydroxytyrosine residue present in A40926. The formation of an altered glycopeptide and the inability to rescue A40926 production upon feeding free beta-hydroxytyrosine are consistent with the possibility that, in contrast to balhimycin formation, hydroxylation occurs after tyrosine activation by the nonribosomal peptide synthetase.	2
Title: D-Ala-D-Ala ligases from glycopeptide antibiotic-producing organisms are highly homologous to the enterococcal vancomycin-resistance ligases VanA and VanB Abstract: The crisis in antibiotic resistance has resulted in an increasing fear of the emergence of untreatable organisms. Resistance to the glycopeptide antibiotic vancomycin in the enterococci, and the spread of these pathogens throughout the environment, has shown that this scenario is a matter of fact rather than fiction. The basis for vancomycin resistance is the manufacture of the depsipeptide D-Ala-D-lactate, which is incorporated into the peptidoglycan cell wall in place of the vancomycin target D-Ala-D-Ala. Pivotal to the resistance mechanism is the production of a D-Ala-D-Ala ligase capable of ester formation. Two highly efficient depsipeptide ligases have been cloned from vancomycin-resistant enterococci: VanA and VanB. These ligases show high amino acid sequence similarity to each other ( approximately 75%), but less so to other D-Ala-D-X ligases (<30%). We have cloned ddls from two glycopeptide-producing organisms, the vancomycin producer Amycolatopsis orientalis and the A47934 producer Streptomyces toyocaensis. These ligases show strong predicted amino acid homology to VanA and VanB (>60%) but not to other D-Ala-D-X ligases (<35%). The D-Ala-D-Ala ligase from S. toyocaensis shows D-Ala-D-lactate synthase activity in cell-free extracts of S. lividans transformed with the ddl gene and confirms the predicted enzymatic activity. These results imply a close evolutionary relationship between resistance mechanisms in the clinics and in drug-producing bacteria.	2
Title: Molecular characterization of the genes of actinomycin synthetase I and of a 4-methyl-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid carrier protein involved in the assembly of the acylpeptide chain of actinomycin in Streptomyces Abstract: Actinomycin synthetase I (ACMS I) activates 4-methyl-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid, the precursor of the chromophoric moiety of the actinomycin, as adenylate. The gene acmA of ACMS I was identified upstream of the genes acmB and acmC encoding the two peptide synthetases ACMS II and ACMS III, respectively, which assemble the pentapeptide lactone rings of the antibiotic. Sequence analysis and expression of acmA in Streptomyces lividans as enzymatically active hexa-His-fusion confirmed the acmA gene product to be ACMS I. An open reading frame of 234 base pairs (acmD), which encodes a 78-amino acid protein with similarity to various acyl carrier proteins, is located downstream of acmA. The acmD gene was expressed in Escherichia coli as hexa-His-fusion protein (Acm acyl carrier protein (AcmACP)). ACMS I in the presence of ATP acylated the purified AcmACP with radioactive p-toluic acid, used as substrate in place of 4-MHA. Only 10% of the AcmACP from E. coli was acylated, suggesting insufficient modification with 4'-phosphopantetheine cofactor. Incubation of this AcmACP with a holo-ACP synthase and coenzyme A quantitatively established the holo-form of AcmACP. Enzyme assays in the presence of ACMS II showed that toluyl-AcmACP directly acylated the thioester-bound threonine on ACMS II. Thus, AcmACP is a 4-MHA carrier protein in the peptide chain initiation of actinomycin synthesis.	2
Title: Predicting the Structure of Cyclic Lipopeptides by Bioinformatics: Structure Revision of Arthrofactin Abstract: Arthrofactin, a bioactive cyclic lipopeptide from Pseudomonas sp. MIS38, was reinvestigated for its structural and stereochemical features due to discrepancies between the genetics-based sequence prediction and the currently suggested structure. The structure of arthrofactin and its derivatives was reassigned on the basis of chiral HPLC analysis and extensive NMR and MS experiments. Furthermore, derivatives of arthrofactin were discovered.	2
Title: From a consortium sequence to a unified sequence: The Bacillus subtilis 168 reference genome a decade later Abstract: Comparative genomics is the cornerstone of identification of gene functions. The immense number of living organisms precludes experimental identification of functions except in a handful of model organisms. The bacterial domain is split into large branches, among which the Firmicutes occupy a considerable space. Bacillus subtilis has been the model of Firmicutes for decades and its genome has been a reference for more than 10 years. Sequencing the genome involved more than 30 laboratories, with different expertises, in a attempt to make the most of the experimental information that could be associated with the sequence. This had the expected drawback that the sequencing expertise was quite varied among the groups involved, especially at a time when sequencing genomes was extremely hard work. The recent development of very efficient, fast and accurate sequencing techniques, in parallel with the development of high-level annotation platforms, motivated the present resequencing work. The updated sequence has been reannotated in agreement with the UniProt protein knowledge base, keeping in perspective the split between the paleome (genes necessary for sustaining and perpetuating life) and the cenome (genes required for occupation of a niche, suggesting here that B. subtilis is an epiphyte). This should permit investigators to make reliable inferences to prepare validation experiments in a variety of domains of bacterial growth and development as well as build up accurate phylogenies.	2
Title: Active-Site Modifications of Adenylation Domains Lead to Hydrolysis of Upstream Nonribosomal Peptidyl Thioester Intermediates Abstract: Site-directed mutagenesis of nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) adenylation (A) domains was investigated as a means to engineer new calcium-dependent antibiotics (CDA) in Streptomyces coelicolor. Single- and double-point mutants of the CDA NRPS module 7, A-domain were generated, which were predicted to alter the specificity of this domain from Asp to Asn. The double-point mutant produced a new peptide CDA2a-7N containing Asn at position 7 as expected. However, in both the single- and the double-point mutants, significant hydrolysis of the CDA-6mer intermediate was evident. One explanation for this is that the mutant module 7 A-domain activates Asn instead of Asp; however, the Asn-thioester intermediate is only weakly recognized by the upstream C-domain acceptor site (a), allowing a water molecule to intercept the hexapeptidyl intermediate in the donor site (d).	2
Title: Introduction of a non-natural amino acid into a nonribosomal peptide antibiotic by modification of adenylation domain specificity Abstract: Calcium-dependent antibiotics (CDA) are cyclic lipopeptides assembled by nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) enzymes. Active site modification of the 3-methyl glutamate activating adenylation (A) domain of the CDA NRPS enables the incorporation of synthetic 3-methyl glutamine into CDA. This provides the first example of how A-domains can be engineered to introduce synthetic "non-natural" amino acids into nonribosomal peptides.	2
Title: Harnessing the chemical activation inherent to carrier protein-bound thioesters for the characterization of lipopeptide fatty acid tailoring enzymes Abstract: Here, we report a new experimental approach utilizing an amide ligation reaction for the characterization of acyl carrier protein (ACP)-bound reaction intermediates, which are otherwise difficult to analyze by traditional biochemical methods. To explore fatty acid tailoring enzymes of the calcium-dependent antibiotic (CDA) biosynthetic pathway, this strategy enabled the transformation of modified fatty acids, covalently bound as thioesters to an ACP, into amide ligation products that can be directly analyzed and compared to synthetic standards by HPLC-MS. The driving force of the amide formation is the thermodynamic activation inherent to thioester-bound compounds. Using this novel method, we were able to characterize the ACP-mediated biosynthesis of the unique 2,3-epoxyhexanoyl moiety of CDA, revealing a new type of FAD-dependent oxidase HxcO with intrinsic enoyl-ACP epoxidase activity, as well as a second enoyl-ACP epoxidase, HcmO. In general, our approach should be widely applicable for the in vitro characterization of other biosynthetic systems acting on carrier proteins, such as integrated enzymes from NRPS and PKS assembly lines or tailoring enzymes of fatty and amino acid precursor synthesis.	2
Title: Purification and characterization of recombinant Streptomyces clavuligerus isopenicillin N synthase produced in Escherichia coli Abstract: Recombinant isopenicillin N synthase from Streptomyces clavuligerus was produced in the form of inactive inclusion bodies in Escherichia coli. These inclusion bodies were solubilized by treatment with 5 M urea under reducing conditions. Optimization of refolding conditions to recover active isopenicillin N synthase indicated that a dialysis procedure carried out at a protein concentration of about 1.0 mg ml(-1) gave maximal recovery of active isopenicillin N synthase. Solubilized isopenicillin N synthase of more than 95% purity was obtained by passing this material through a DEAE-Trisacryl ion exchange column. Expression studies conducted at different temperatures indicated that isopenicillin N synthase was produced predominantly in a soluble, active form when expression was conducted at 20 degrees C, and accounted for about 20% of the total soluble protein. This high-level production facilitated the purification of soluble isopenicillin N synthase to near homogeneity in four steps. Characterization of the purified soluble and solubilized isopenicillin N synthase revealed that they are very similar.	2
Title: The positive activator of cephamycin C and clavulanic acid production in Streptomyces clavuligerus is mistranslated in a bldA mutant Abstract: In Streptomyces coelicolor bldA encodes the principal leucyl tRNA for translation of UUA codons and controls pigmented antibiotic production by the presence of TTA codons in the genes encoding the pathway-specific activators of actinorhodin and undecylprodigiosin biosynthesis. In Streptomyces clavuligerus the gene encoding the pathway-specific activator of both cephamycin C and clavulanic acid production, ccaR, also contains a TTA codon and was expected to exhibit bldA-dependence. A cloned S. clavuligerus DNA fragment containing a sequence showing 91% identity to the S. coelicolor bldA-encoded tRNA was able to restore antibiotic production and sporulation to bldA mutants of S. coelicolor and the closely related Streptomyces lividans. A null mutation of the bldA gene in S. clavuligerus resulted in the expected sporulation defective phenotype, but unexpectedly had no effect on antibiotic production. Transcript analysis showed no difference in the levels of ccaR transcripts in the wild-type and bldA mutant strains, ruling out any effect of elevated levels of the ccaR mRNA. Furthermore, when compared to the wild-type strain, the bldA mutant showed no differences in the levels of CcaR, suggesting that the single TTA codon in ccaR is mistranslated efficiently. The role of codon context in bldA dependence is discussed.	2
Title: Complete sequence analysis of novel plasmids from emetic and periodontal Bacillus cereus isolates reveals a common evolutionary history among the B. cereus-group plasmids, including Bacillus anthracis pXO1 Abstract: The plasmids of the members of the Bacillus cereus sensu lato group of organisms are essential in defining the phenotypic traits associated with pathogenesis and ecology. For example, Bacillus anthracis contains two plasmids, pXO1 and pXO2, encoding toxin production and encapsulation, respectively, that define this species pathogenic potential, whereas the presence of a Bt toxin-encoding plasmid defines Bacillus thuringiensis isolates. In this study the plasmids from B. cereus isolates that produce emetic toxin or are linked to periodontal disease were sequenced and analyzed. Two periodontal isolates examined contained almost identical approximately 272-kb plasmids, named pPER272. The emetic toxin-producing isolate contained one approximately 270-kb plasmid, named pCER270, encoding the cereulide biosynthesis gene cluster. Comparative sequence analyses of these B. cereus plasmids revealed a high degree of sequence similarity to the B. anthracis pXO1 plasmid, especially in a putative replication region. These plasmids form a newly defined group of pXO1-like plasmids. However, these novel plasmids do not contain the pXO1 pathogenicity island, which in each instance is replaced by plasmid specific DNA. Plasmids pCER270 and pPER272 share regions that are not found in any other pXO1-like plasmids. Evolutionary studies suggest that these plasmids are more closely related to each other than to other identified B. cereus plasmids. Screening of a population of B. cereus group isolates revealed that pXO1-like plasmids are more often found in association with clinical isolates. This study demonstrates that the pXO1-like plasmids may define pathogenic B. cereus isolates in the same way that pXO1 and pXO2 define the B. anthracis species.	2
Title: Development of a stable isotope dilution analysis for the quantification of the Bacillus cereus toxin cereulide in foods Abstract: An increasing number of severe food borne intoxications are caused by a highly stable depsipeptide, named cereulide, which is produced by emetic Bacillus cereus strains. As cereulide poses a health risk to humans, the development of an appropriate method for the analysis of this toxin is mandatory. Therefore, the reference material of cereulide as well as its (13)C(6)-isotopologue was prepared by means of a biosynthetic approach using a B. cereus culture, followed by a rapid but efficient downstream purification. After structure confirmation by means of liquid chromatography (LC)-time-of-flight mass spectrometry, LC-tandem mass spectrometry, and one-/two-dimensional NMR spectroscopy, a stable isotope dilution analysis (SIDA) was developed for the quantification of cereulide in foods using the (13)C(6)-cereulide as the internal standard. Validation experiments were performed, and the data were compared to the quantitative analysis using the structurally related valinomycin instead of the (13)C(6)-cereulide as an internal standard. Trueness, repeatability, and reproducibility expressed as relative standard deviation showed values <10 or <8% for valinomycin or <8% for (13)C(6)-cereulide, respectively. Furthermore, the MS response of the valinomycin was found to be significantly influenced by the food matrix, thus leading to rather low recovery rates of 91% from boiled rice and 80% from boiled rice supplemented with 10% sunflower oil. In comparison, the use of (13)C(6)-cereulide as an internal standard gave good recovery rates of 104 and 111% from both matrices, thus demonstrating the robustness and accuracy of the developed SIDA.	2
Title: A novel dodecadepsipeptide, cereulide, isolated from Bacillus cereus causes vacuole formation in HEp-2 cells Abstract: A HEp-2 cell-vacuolation factor was extracted and purified from the culture supernatant of a Bacillus cereus strain which caused emetic-syndrome food poisoning. The final preparation was chemically pure, and the toxin was named as cereulide. Mass spectrometry, NMR studies and chemical degradation revealed that the cereulide is a cyclic dodecadepsipeptide, (D-O-Leu-D-Ala-L-O-Val-L-Val)3, which is closely related to the potassium ionophore, valinomycin.	2
Title: Ionophoretic properties and mitochondrial effects of cereulide. The emetic toxin of B. cereus Abstract: The emetic toxin of Bacillus cereus, found to cause immobilization of spermatozoa and swelling of their mitochondria, was purified and its structure found to be identical to the earlier known toxin cereulide. It increased the conductance in black-lipid membranes in KCl solutions in an ionophore-like manner. It formed adducts with K+, Na+, and NH4+ but the conductance was highly selective for K+ in relation to Na+ and H+ (three orders of magnitude). The increase in the kinetics of conductance indicated a stoichiometric ratio between the cereulide and K+. Its ionophoretic properties are thus similar to those of valinomycin. In addition, its effects on rat liver mitochondria were similar: it stimulated swelling and respiration in respiring mitochondria in the presence but not in the absence of K+, it reduced the transmembrane potential under these conditions. In nonrespiring mitochondria, swelling was seen in KNO3- but not in NaNO3-containing media, less in acetate. In NaNO3 media addition of the cereulide caused a transient diffusion potential which was reduced by adding K+. It is concluded that the toxic effects of cereulide are due to it being a K+ ionophore.	2
Title: Effect of instructional set on responses to the Geriatric Depression Scale. Abstract: A community sample of elderly subjects (M age = 74 years) was randomly assigned to four variations in reference group instructions on the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). In one condition, subjects received no instructions as to reference group, which is the standard instructional format of the test. In the other three conditions, subjects were asked to compare themselves with one of three reference groups: age group peers, adults in general, or themselves at a younger age. Results indicated that the GDS is robust with respect to variation in reference group instruction.	2
Title: Echinocandin inhibition of 1,3-β-D-glucan synthase from Candida albicans Abstract: The cyclic peptide antibiotic echinocandin was found to inhibit 1,3-beta-D-glucan synthase activity present in a mixed membrane fraction from Candida albicans. Addition of antibiotic reduced the Vmax of the enzyme, but the Km was unaffected. GTP stimulated enzyme activity approximately 4-fold, but did not affect the percentage inhibition of the enzyme by echinocandin. Treatment of the reaction products with alpha-amylase and beta-glucanase confirmed that the polymer synthesised was 1,3-beta-D-glucan, not glycogen.	2
Title: Association of hemolytic activity of pseudomonas entomophila, a versatile soil bacterium, with cyclic lipopeptide production Abstract: Pseudomonas entomophila is an entomopathogenic bacterium that is able to infect and kill Drosophila melanogaster upon ingestion. Its genome sequence suggests that it is a versatile soil bacterium closely related to Pseudomonas putida. The GacS/GacA two-component system plays a key role in P. entomophila pathogenicity, controlling many putative virulence factors and AprA, a secreted protease important to escape the fly immune response. P. entomophila secretes a strong diffusible hemolytic activity. Here, we showed that this activity is linked to the production of a new cyclic lipopeptide containing 14 amino acids and a 3-C(10)OH fatty acid that we called entolysin. Three nonribosomal peptide synthetases (EtlA, EtlB, EtlC) were identified as responsible for entolysin biosynthesis. Two additional components (EtlR, MacAB) are necessary for its production and secretion. The P. entomophila GacS/GacA two-component system regulates entolysin production, and we demonstrated that its functioning requires two small RNAs and two RsmA-like proteins. Finally, entolysin is required for swarming motility, as described for other lipopeptides, but it does not participate in the virulence of P. entomophila for Drosophila. While investigating the physiological role of entolysin, we also uncovered new phenotypes associated with P. entomophila, including strong biocontrol abilities.	2
Title: Eponemycin, a new antibiotic active against B16 melanoma. I. Production, isolation, structure and biological activity Abstract: Streptomyces hygroscopicus No. P247-71(ATCC 53709)produced a novel antibiotic eponemycin which exhibited specific in vivo antitumor effect against B16 melanoma. Structural studies assigned (4S)-1,2-epoxy-2-hydroxymethyl-4-(N-isooctanoyl-L- serylamino)-6-methylhept-6-ene-3-one to eponemycin which is unrelated to the known antitumor antibiotics.	2
Title: Eponemycin exerts its antitumor effect through the inhibition of proteasome function Abstract: Cell cycle progression requires the proteasome-mediated degradation of key regulatory proteins such as cyclins, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors, and anaphase-inhibitory proteins. Given the central role of the proteasome in the destruction of these proteins, proteasome inhibition has been proposed as a possible cancer therapy. We report here that dihydroeponemycin, an analogue of the antitumor and antiangiogenic natural product eponemycin, selectively targets the 20S proteasome. Dihydroeponemycin covalently modifies a subset of catalytic proteasomal subunits, binding preferentially to the IFN-gamma-inducible subunits LMP2 and LMP7. Moreover, the three major peptidolytic activities of the proteasome are inhibited by dihydroeponemycin at different rates. In addition, dihydroeponemycin-mediated proteasome inhibition induces a spindle-like cellular morphological change and apoptosis. These results validate the proteasome as a target for antitumor pharmacological intervention and are relevant for the design of novel chemotherapeutic strategies.	2
Title: Epoxomicin, A New Antitumor Agent of Microbial Origin Abstract: An actinomycete strain No. Q996-17 produced a novel compound, epoxomicin, which exhibited in vivo antitumor activity against B16 melanoma. Structural studies indicated that it is a new member of the epoxy-beta-aminoketone group, and is closely related to eponemycin.	2
Title: Total synthesis of the potent proteasome inhibitor epoxomicin: A useful tool for understanding proteasome biology Abstract: Epoxomicin (1), a peptide alpha',beta'-epoxyketone isolated from the actinomycete strain No.Q996-17, possesses potent in vivo anti-tumor and anti-inflammatory activities. In this paper, we report the first syntheses of epoxomicin, [3H]-epoxomicin, and a biotinylated epoxomicin analog as well as the absolute configuration of the epoxide stereocenter. The natural product and derivatives have permitted the first identification of the proteasome as the specific cellular target of epoxomicin.	2
Title: Epoxomicin, a potent and selective proteasome inhibitor, exhibits in vivo antiinflammatory activity Abstract: The proteasome regulates cellular processes as diverse as cell cycle progression and NF-kappaB activation. In this study, we show that the potent antitumor natural product epoxomicin specifically targets the proteasome. Utilizing biotinylated-epoxomicin as a molecular probe, we demonstrate that epoxomicin covalently binds to the LMP7, X, MECL1, and Z catalytic subunits of the proteasome. Enzymatic analyses with purified bovine erythrocyte proteasome reveal that epoxomicin potently inhibits primarily the chymotrypsin-like activity. The trypsin-like and peptidyl-glutamyl peptide hydrolyzing catalytic activities also are inhibited at 100- and 1,000-fold slower rates, respectively. In contrast to peptide aldehyde proteasome inhibitors, epoxomicin does not inhibit nonproteasomal proteases such trypsin, chymotrypsin, papain, calpain, and cathepsin B at concentrations of up to 50 microM. In addition, epoxomicin is a more potent inhibitor of the chymotrypsin-like activity than lactacystin and the peptide vinyl sulfone NLVS. Epoxomicin also effectively inhibits NF-kappaB activation in vitro and potently blocks in vivo inflammation in the murine ear edema assay. These results thus define epoxomicin as a novel proteasome inhibitor that likely will prove useful in exploring the role of the proteasome in various in vivo and in vitro systems.	2
Title: Novel mammalian cell cycle inhibitors, tryprostatins A, B and other diketopiperazines produced by Aspergillus fumigatus: II. physico-chemical properties and structures Abstract: Two novel diketopiperazines named tryprostatins A and B and a new natural product belonging to the diketopiperazine series, designated as demethoxyfumitremorgin C, together with four known diketopiperazines, fumitremorgin C, 12,13-dihydroxyfumitremorgin C, fumitremorgin B and verruculogen, are new M phase inhibitors of the mammalian cell cycle, which were isolated from the secondary metabolites of Aspergillus fumigatus. The structures of tryprostatins A, B and demethoxyfumitremorgin C were determined mainly by the use of spectroscopic methods especially by detailed analyses of their 1H and 13C NMR spectra with the aid of 2D NMR techniques including pulse field gradient heteronuclear multiple-bond correlation (PFG-HMBC) spectroscopy. Their absolute configurations were determined on the basis of the optical rotational values and CD spectra.	2
Title: Inhibitors of cancer cell multidrug resistance mediated by breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP/ABCG2) Abstract: Breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP/ABCG2) belongs to the ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter superfamily. It is able to efflux a broad range of anti-cancer drugs through the cellular membrane, thus limiting their anti-proliferative effects. Due to its relatively recent discovery in 1998, and in contrast to the other ABC transporters P-glycoprotein (MDR1/ABCB1) and multidrug resistance-associated protein (MRP1/ABCC1), only a few BCRP inhibitors have been reported. This review summarizes the known classes of inhibitors that are either specific for BCRP or also inhibit the other multidrug resistance ABC transporters. Information is presented on structure-activity relationship aspects and how modulators may interact with BCRP.	2
Title: Tryprostatin A, a specific and novel inhibitor of microtubule assembly Abstract: We have investigated the cell cycle inhibition mechanism and primary target of tryprostatin A (TPS-A) purified from Aspergillus fumigatus. TPS-A inhibited cell cycle progression of asynchronously cultured 3Y1 cells in the M phase in a dose- and time-dependent manner. In contrast, TPS-B (the demethoxy analogue of TPS-A) showed cell-cycle non-specific inhibition on cell growth even though it inhibited cell growth at lower concentrations than TPS-A. TPS-A treatment induced the reversible disruption of the cytoplasmic microtubules of 3Y1 cells as observed by indirect immunofluorescence microscopy in the range of concentrations that specifically inhibited M-phase progression. TPS-A inhibited the assembly in vitro of microtubules purified from bovine brains (40% inhibition at 250 microM); however, there was little or no effect on the self-assembly of purified tubulin when polymerization was induced by glutamate even at 250 microM TPS-A. TPS-A did not inhibit assembly promoted by taxol or by digestion of the C-terminal domain of tubulin. However, TPS-A blocked the tubulin assembly induced by inducers interacting with the C-terminal domain, microtubule-associated protein 2 (MAP2), tau and poly-(l-lysine). These results indicate that TPS-A is a novel inhibitor of MAP-dependent microtubule assembly and, through the disruption of the microtubule spindle, specifically inhibits cell cycle progression at the M phase.	2
Title: Synthesis and structure-activity relationship studies on tryprostatin A, an inhibitor of breast cancer resistance protein Abstract: Tryprostatin A is an inhibitor of breast cancer resistance protein, consequently a series of structure-activity studies on the cell cycle inhibitory effects of tryprostatin A analogues as potential antitumor antimitotic agents have been carried out. These analogues were assayed for their growth inhibition properties and their ability to perturb the cell cycle in tsFT210 cells. SAR studies resulted in the identification of the essential structural features required for cytotoxic activity. The absolute configuration L-Tyr-L-pro in the diketopiperazine ring along with the presence of the 6-methoxy substituent on the indole moiety of 1 was shown to be essential for dual inhibition of topoisomerase II and tubulin polymerization. Biological evaluation also indicated the presence of the 2-isoprenyl moiety on the indole scaffold of 1 was essential for potent inhibition of cell proliferation. Substitution of the indole N(a)-H in 1 with various alkyl or aryl groups, incorporation of various L-amino acids into the diketopiperazine ring in place of L-proline, and substitution of the 6-methoxy group in 1 with other functionality provided active analogues. The nature of the substituents present on the indole N(a)-H or the indole C-2 position influenced the mechanism of action of these analogues. Analogues 68 (IC(50)=10 microM) and 67 (IC(50)=19 microM) were 7-fold and 3.5-fold more potent, respectively, than 1 (IC(50)=68 microM) in the inhibition of the growth of tsFT210 cells. Diastereomer-2 of tryprostatin B 8 was a potent inhibitor of the growth of three human carcinoma cell lines: H520 (IC(50)=11.9 microM), MCF-7 (IC(50)=17.0 microM) and PC-3 (IC(50)=11.1 microM) and was equipotent with etoposide, a clinically used anticancer agent. Isothiocyanate analogue 71 and 6-azido analogue 72 were as potent as 1 in the tsFT210 cell proliferation and may be useful tools in labeling BCRP.	2
Title: Cooperative effect of gefitinib and fumitremorgin c on cell growth and chemosensitivity in estrogen receptor α negative fulvestrant-resistant MCF-7 cells Abstract: The selective ER downregulator, fulvestrant, is currently approved as a second line endocrine therapy after onset of resistance to prior antiestrogen therapy in postmenopausal breast cancer patients. Resistance to antihormonal therapies is common and, therefore, we anticipate that fulvestrant-resistance will occur as well. The current study was undertaken to investigate the underlying molecular changes after fulvestrant-resistance and find new therapeutic targets and agents for fulvestrant-resistant breast cancer cells. We developed a unique fulvestrant-resistant cell line (MCF-7/F), derived from MCF-7 estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha)-positive human breast cancer cells, by culturing them in 1 microM fulvestrant containing medium for approximately 18 months. MCF-7/F cells became irreversibly ERalpha negative as withdrawal of fulvestrant did not alter the ERalpha-negative phenotype, determined by real-time PCR, Western blot analysis, and ERE-luciferase transfection assays. MCF-7/F cells grew in a hormone-independent manner. Interestingly, MCF-7/F cells overexpressed both epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and breast cancer resistant protein (BCRP). Gefitinib, a specific EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor, preferentially inhibited the growth of MCF-7/F cells relative to MCF-7 cells by inhibiting both MAPK44/42 and Akt phosphorylation. MCF-7/F cells became less sensitive to chemotherapeutic agents such as mitoxantrone. Moreover, fumitremorgin C, a specific BCRP inhibitor, significantly increased the efficacy of mitoxantrone in MCF-7/F cells. Gefitinib increased the inhibitory effect of mitoxantrone on cell growth. Similarly, fumitremorgin C increased the inhibitory effect of gefitinib on cell growth, suggesting that there is a bidirectional crosstalk between EGFR and BCRP. More importantly, these results provide a molecular basis for using gefitinib, BCRP inhibitors, and chemotherapeutic agents as combination therapy approaches in fulvestrant-resistant breast cancer.	2
Title: FtmOx1, a non-heme Fe(ii) and α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase, catalyses the endoperoxide formation of verruculogen in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Verruculogen is a tremorgenic mycotoxin and contains an endoperoxide bond. In this study, we describe the cloning, overexpression and purification of a non-heme Fe(ii) and alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase FtmOx1 from Aspergillus fumigatus, which catalyses the conversion of fumitremorgin B to verruculogen by inserting an endoperoxide bond between two prenyl moieties. Incubation with (18)O(2)-enriched atmosphere demonstrated that both oxygen atoms of the endoperoxide bond are derived from one molecule of O(2). FtmOx1 is the first endoperoxide-forming non-heme Fe(ii) and alpha-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase reported so far. A mechanism of FtmOx1-catalysed verruculogen formation is postulated and discussed.	2
Title: Terezines a-d: New amino acid-derived bioactive metabolites from the coprophilous fungus sporormiella teretispora Abstract: Four new antifungal compounds, terezines A-D [1-4], have been isolated from liquid cultures of the coprophilous fungus Sporormiella teretispora by preparative tlc and hplc. The structures of these compounds were determined on the basis of nmr and ms data. The known fungal metabolite hyalopyrone [6] was also isolated from S. teretispora.	2
Title: Seaweed dermatitis: Structure of lyngbyatoxin A Abstract: A highly inflammatory and vesicatory substance, lyngbyatoxin A, has been isolated from the lipid extract of a Hawaiian shallow-water variety of Lyngbya majuscula Gomont; its gross structure was determined from chemical and spectral data. Lyngbyatoxin A is closely related to teleocidin B, a poisonous substance associated with several strains of Streptomyces.	2
Title: ESI LC-MS and MS/MS characterization of antifungal cyclic lipopeptides produced by bacillus subtilis XF-1 Abstract: Bacillus subtilis XF-1 (CGMCC No. 2357), a patent strain with good effects for controlling the clubroot of crucifer and many pathogenic fungi, was predicted to produce cyclic lipopeptide (CLP) antibiotics based on its genomic analysis. In this study, the CLPs were purified and determined with the following protocol: the supernatant of XF-1 cultivating mixture was firstly precipitated, then the precipitants were extracted with methanol and further separated by Sephadex LH-20 chromatography to test its antifungal activities. Fungi-inhibiting fractions were further characterized with LC/ESI-MS and LC/ESI-MS/MS. The results show that four molecular ion peaks [M+H]⁺ (m/z 1,464, 1,478, 1,492 and 1,506) from fungi suppression fraction were identified as fengycin A with fatty acid of C₁₆-C₁₉, fengycin B (C₁₄-C₁₇), fengycin C (C₁₅-C₁₈), fengycin D (C₁₅-C₁₈) and fengycin S (C₁₅-C₁₈). Fengycin C (C₁₅ and C₁₈), fengycin D (C₁₅, C₁₆ and C₁₈) and fengycin S (C₁₅, C₁₆ and C₁₈) were reported for the first time. The diversity of the fengycins that exist in this strain will help the elucidation of their biocontrol mechanisms.	2
Title: Rhabdopeptides as insect-specific virulence factors from entomopathogenic bacteria Abstract: Six novel linear peptides, named "rhabdopeptides", have been identified in the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophila after the discovery of the corresponding rdp gene cluster by using a promoter trap strategy for the detection of insect-inducible genes. The structures of these rhabdopeptides were deduced from labeling experiments combined with detailed MS analysis. Detailed analysis of an rdp mutant revealed that these compounds participate in virulence towards insects and are produced upon bacterial infection of a suitable insect host. Furthermore, two additional rhabdopeptide derivatives produced by Xenorhabdus cabanillasii were isolated, these showed activity against insect hemocytes thereby confirming the virulence of this novel class of compounds.	2
Title: Mass spectral molecular networking of living microbial colonies Abstract: Integrating the governing chemistry with the genomics and phenotypes of microbial colonies has been a "holy grail" in microbiology. This work describes a highly sensitive, broadly applicable, and cost-effective approach that allows metabolic profiling of live microbial colonies directly from a Petri dish without any sample preparation. Nanospray desorption electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (MS), combined with alignment of MS data and molecular networking, enabled monitoring of metabolite production from live microbial colonies from diverse bacterial genera, including Bacillus subtilis, Streptomyces coelicolor, Mycobacterium smegmatis, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. This work demonstrates that, by using these tools to visualize small molecular changes within bacterial interactions, insights can be gained into bacterial developmental processes as a result of the improved organization of MS/MS data. To validate this experimental platform, metabolic profiling was performed on Pseudomonas sp. SH-C52, which protects sugar beet plants from infections by specific soil-borne fungi [R. Mendes et al. (2011) Science 332:1097-1100]. The antifungal effect of strain SH-C52 was attributed to thanamycin, a predicted lipopeptide encoded by a nonribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster. Our technology, in combination with our recently developed peptidogenomics strategy, enabled the detection and partial characterization of thanamycin and showed that it is a monochlorinated lipopeptide that belongs to the syringomycin family of antifungal agents. In conclusion, the platform presented here provides a significant advancement in our ability to understand the spatiotemporal dynamics of metabolite production in live microbial colonies and communities.	2
Title: Involvement of phenazines and lipopeptides in interactions between Pseudomonas species and Sclerotium rolfsii, causal agent of stem rot disease on groundnut Abstract: Aims:                       To determine the role of phenazines (PHZ) and lipopeptide surfactants (LPs) produced by Pseudomonas in suppression of stem rot disease of groundnut, caused by the fungal pathogen Sclerotium rolfsii.                  Methods and results:                       In vitro assays showed that PHZ-producing Pseudomonas chlororaphis strain Phz24 significantly inhibited hyphal growth of S. rolfsii and suppressed stem rot disease of groundnut under field conditions. Biosynthesis and regulatory mutants of Phz24 deficient in PHZ production were less effective in pathogen suppression. Pseudomonas strains SS101, SBW25 and 267, producing viscosin or putisolvin-like LPs, only marginally inhibited hyphal growth of S. rolfsii and did not suppress stem rot disease. In contrast, Pseudomonas strain SH-C52, producing the chlorinated LP thanamycin, inhibited hyphal growth of S. rolfsii and significantly reduced stem rot disease of groundnut in nethouse and field experiments, whereas its thanamycin-deficient mutant was less effective.                  Conclusions:                       Phenazines and specific lipopeptides play an important role in suppression of stem rot disease of groundnut by root-colonizing Pseudomonas strains.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Pseudomonas strains Phz24 and SH-C52 showed significant control of stem rot disease. Treatment of seeds or soil with these strains provides a promising supplementary strategy to control stem rot disease of groundnut.	2
Title: Enterotoxicity of a nonribosomal peptide causes antibiotic-associated colitis Abstract: Antibiotic therapy disrupts the human intestinal microbiota. In some patients rapid overgrowth of the enteric bacterium Klebsiella oxytoca results in antibiotic-associated hemorrhagic colitis (AAHC). We isolated and identified a toxin produced by K. oxytoca as the pyrrolobenzodiazepine tilivalline and demonstrated its causative action in the pathogenesis of colitis in an animal model. Tilivalline induced apoptosis in cultured human cells in vitro and disrupted epithelial barrier function, consistent with the mucosal damage associated with colitis observed in human AAHC and the corresponding animal model. Our findings reveal the presence of pyrrolobenzodiazepines in the intestinal microbiota and provide a mechanism for colitis caused by a resident pathobiont. The data link pyrrolobenzodiazepines to human disease and identify tilivalline as a target for diagnosis and neutralizing strategies in prevention and treatment of colitis.	2
Title: In silico study of the ion channel formed by tolaasin i produced by pseudomonas tolaasii Abstract: A toxin produced by Pseudomonas tolaasii, tolaasin, causes brown blotch disease in mushrooms. Tolaasin forms pores on the cellular membrane and destroys cell structure. Inhibiting the ability of tolaasin to form ion channels may be an effective method to protect against attack by tolaasin. However, it is first necessary to elucidate the three-dimensional structure of the ion channels formed by tolaasin. In this study, the structure of the tolaasin ion channel was determined in silico based on data obtained from nuclear magnetic resonance experiments.	2
Title: Purification of a pore-forming peptide toxin, tolaasin, produced by Pseudomonas tolaasii 6264 Abstract: Tolaasin, a pore-forming peptide toxin, is produced by Pseudomonas tolaasii and causes brown blotch disease of the cultivated mushrooms. P. tolaasii 6264 was isolated from the oyster mushroom damaged by the disease in Korean. In order to isolate tolaasin molecules, the supernatant of bacterial culture was harvested at the stationary phase of growth. Tolaasin was prepared by ammonium sulfate precipitation and three steps of chromatograpies, including a gel permeation and two ion exchange chromatographies. Specific hemolytic activity of tolaasin was increased from 1.7 to 162.0 HU mg(-1) protein, a 98-fold increase, and the purification yield was 16.3%. Tolaasin preparation obtained at each purification step was analyzed by HPLC and SDS-PAGE. Two major peptides were detected from all chromatographic preparations. Their molecular masses were analyzed by MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry and they were identified as tolaasin I and tolaasin II. These results demonstrate that the method used in this study is simple, time-saving, and successful for the preparation of tolaasin.	2
Title: Tolaasins A-E, five new lipodepsipeptides produced by Pseudomonas tolaasii Abstract: Pseudomonas tolaasii, the causal organism of brown blotch disease of Agaricus bisporus and of the yellowing of Pleurotus ostreatus, was shown to produce in culture tolaasin I (1), tolaasin II (2), and five other minor metabolites, tolaasins A, B, C, D, and E (3-7). These compounds were demonstrated to be important in the development of the disease symptoms. This paper reports on the structural elucidation, based essentially on NMR studies and MS spectra, and biological activity of the above lipodepsipeptides (3-7). All the above analogues showed differences in the peptide moiety, as observed in other lipodepsipeptides of bacterial origin, and maintained the beta-hydroxyoctanoyl phi chain at the N-terminus, except tolaasin A, in which the acyl moiety was a gamma-carboxybutanoyl phi moiety. Among the target microorganisms used (fungi, yeast, and bacteria) the Gram-positive bacteria were the most sensitive, although the antimicrobial activity appeared to be correlated to the structural modification in the different analogues. The structure-activity relationships of these toxins are discussed.	2
Title: Antimicrobial peptides produced by Brevibacillus spp.: structure, classification and bioactivity: a mini review Abstract: Species that are currently listed under the genus Brevibacillus (formerly, Bacillus brevis cluster) have been a rich source of antimicrobial peptides for many decades. The first known peptide antibiotic, gramicidin, is presumed to be produced by a Brevibacillus sp. Members of the genus are widely spread in nature. They can be found in a variety of environments including intestinal tracts of animals, seawater, and soil. Some Brevibacillus strains have been used commercially as probiotics. Bioactive peptides produced by Brevibacillus spp. include antibacterial, antifungal and anti-invertebrate agents. Brevibacillus antimicrobial peptides are synthesized through ribosomal or nonribosomal pathway; these two groups can be further categorized based on specific structural features such as cyclization and presence of lipid chain. Some of the antimicrobial compounds produced by this genus share structural similarities that were overlooked previously. For example, the structural similarity between BT peptide, brevibacillin, and bogorol was revealed only recently. Here we review and classify Brevibacillus antimicrobial peptides and summarize their bioactivities and potential applications.	2
Title: Mode of action of bottromycin A2: Effect of bottromycin A2 on polysomes Abstract: When bottromycin A2 was added to an in vitro protein synthesis system carried out by naturally occurring polysomes, it inhibited protein synthesis effectively. Examination of the 3 steps of peptide chain elongation revealed that the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the polyribosomes was inhibited by bottromycin A2. In contrast, we concluded that the peptide bond formation and the translocation steps in this system were not inhibited by bottromycin A2 on the basis of the following observations: (1) The break-down of polysomes, which is dependent on EFG, puromycin and RR (ribosome releasing) factor, was insensitive to bottromycin A2; (2) The puromycin dependent release of polypeptide from polysomes, with or without EFG, was not inhibited by bottromycin A2. Thus bottromycin specifically interferes with proper functioning of the A sites of polysomes. This is consistent with the results obtained using the model system with synthetic polynucleotides.	2
Title: A global assembly line for cyanobactins Abstract: More than 100 cyclic peptides harboring heterocyclized residues are known from marine ascidians, sponges and different genera of cyanobacteria. Here, we report an assembly line responsible for the biosynthesis of these diverse peptides, now called cyanobactins, both in symbiotic and free-living cyanobacteria. By comparing five new cyanobactin biosynthetic clusters, we produced the prenylated antitumor preclinical candidate trunkamide in Escherichia coli culture using genetic engineering.	2
Title: A global assembly line for cyanobactins Abstract: More than 100 cyclic peptides harboring heterocyclized residues are known from marine ascidians, sponges and different genera of cyanobacteria. Here, we report an assembly line responsible for the biosynthesis of these diverse peptides, now called cyanobactins, both in symbiotic and free-living cyanobacteria. By comparing five new cyanobactin biosynthetic clusters, we produced the prenylated antitumor preclinical candidate trunkamide in Escherichia coli culture using genetic engineering.	2
Title: A global assembly line for cyanobactins Abstract: More than 100 cyclic peptides harboring heterocyclized residues are known from marine ascidians, sponges and different genera of cyanobacteria. Here, we report an assembly line responsible for the biosynthesis of these diverse peptides, now called cyanobactins, both in symbiotic and free-living cyanobacteria. By comparing five new cyanobactin biosynthetic clusters, we produced the prenylated antitumor preclinical candidate trunkamide in Escherichia coli culture using genetic engineering.	2
Title: A global assembly line for cyanobactins Abstract: More than 100 cyclic peptides harboring heterocyclized residues are known from marine ascidians, sponges and different genera of cyanobacteria. Here, we report an assembly line responsible for the biosynthesis of these diverse peptides, now called cyanobactins, both in symbiotic and free-living cyanobacteria. By comparing five new cyanobactin biosynthetic clusters, we produced the prenylated antitumor preclinical candidate trunkamide in Escherichia coli culture using genetic engineering.	2
Title: Cysteine S-glycosylation, a new post-translational modification found in glycopeptide bacteriocins Abstract: O-Glycosylation is a ubiquitous eukaryotic post-translational modification, whereas early reports of S-linked glycopeptides have never been verified. Prokaryotes also glycosylate proteins, but there are no confirmed examples of sidechain glycosylation in ribosomal antimicrobial polypeptides collectively known as bacteriocins. Here we show that glycocin F, a bacteriocin secreted by Lactobacillus plantarum KW30, is modified by an N-acetylglucosamine β-O-linked to Ser18, and an N-acetylhexosamine S-linked to C-terminal Cys43. The O-linked N-acetylglucosamine is essential for bacteriostatic activity, and the C-terminus is required for full potency (IC(50) 2 nM). Genomic context analysis identified diverse putative glycopeptide bacteriocins in Firmicutes. One of these, the reputed lantibiotic sublancin, was shown to contain a hexose S-linked to Cys22.	2
Title: Determination of the proteolytic activity of beef liver by means of natural substrates labed with 125 I Stanovenie proteolytickej aktivity hovädzej pecene pomocou prirodzených substratov znackovaných 125 J Abstract: There is a description of the determination of the enzymatic activity of acid proteinases: the method is based on the use of 125J-labelled natural protein substrates. Labelled albumin 125J, globulin 125J, and insulin 125J were tested for the determination of activities. All the substrates were hydrolyzed with the enzymes of the supernatant fraction (106 000 g) of beff liver homogenate in the zone of acid pH. Optimum comditions of enzymatic reaction were tested, the dependence of reaction on the concentration of the enzyme, on time, and on temperature was determined, pH optimum was ascertained for individual substrates, and pH stability was determined. It follows from the results that the method is suitable for the determination of the enzymatic activity of proteinases of the cathepsin character.	2
Title: Insights into the mode of action of the two-peptide lantibiotic haloduracin Abstract: Haloduracin, a recently discovered two-peptide lantibiotic composed of the post-translationally modified peptides Halalpha and Halbeta, is shown to have high potency against a range of Gram-positive bacteria and to inhibit spore outgrowth of Bacillus anthracis. The two peptides display optimal activity in a 1:1 stoichiometry and have efficacy similar to that of the commercially used lantibiotic nisin. However, haloduracin is more stable at pH 7 than nisin. Despite significant structural differences between the two peptides of haloduracin and those of the two-peptide lantibiotic lacticin 3147, these two systems show similarities in their mode of action. Like Ltnalpha, Halalpha binds to a target on the surface of Gram-positive bacteria, and like Ltnbeta, the addition of Halbeta results in pore formation and potassium efflux. Using Halalpha mutants, its B- and C-thioether rings are shown to be important but not required for bioactivity. A similar observation was made with mutants of Glu22, a residue that is highly conserved among several lipid II-binding lantibiotics such as mersacidin.	2
Title: Lacticin 3147, a broad-spectrum bacteriocin which selectively dissipates the membrane potential Abstract: Lacticin 3147 is a broad-spectrum bacteriocin produced by Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis DPC3147 (M. P. Ryan, M. C. Rea, C. Hill, and R. P. Ross, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 62:612-619, 1996). Partial purification of the bacteriocin by hydrophobic interaction chromatography and reverse-phase fast protein liquid chromatography revealed that two components are required for full activity. Lacticin 3147 is bactericidal against L. lactis, Listeria monocytogenes, and Bacillus subtilis; at low concentrations of the bacteriocin, bactericidal activity is enhanced when target cells are energized. This finding suggests that the presence of a proton motive force promotes the interaction of the bacteriocin with the cytoplasmic membrane, leading to the formation of pores at these low lacticin 3147 concentrations. These pores were shown to be selective for K+ ions and inorganic phosphate. The loss of these ions resulted in immediate dissipation of the membrane potential and hydrolysis of internal ATP, leading to an eventual collapse of the pH gradient at the membrane and ultimately to cell death. Our results suggest that lacticin 3147 is a pore-forming bacteriocin which acts on a broad range of gram-positive bacteria.	2
Title: Structure revision of the lantibiotic 97518 Abstract: The lantibiotic 97518, produced by a Planomonospora sp., was reported as a 2194 Da polypeptide comprising 24 amino acid residues with five thioether bridges. It was assigned to the mersacidin subgroup of type B lantibiotics by Castiglione et al. (Biochemistry 2007, 46, 5884-5897) and named planosporicin. New analytical, chemical, and genetic data and reinterpretation of the published NMR chemical shifts enable structure revision of 97518. The resulting revision of the 97518 structure involves both a shift of two amino acids and a reorganization of two thioether bridges. With this revision, the lantibiotic 97518 becomes a clear member of the nisin subgroup of compounds.	2
Title: Solution structure by nuclear magnetic resonance of the two lantibiotics 97518 and NAI-107 Abstract: Lantibiotics 97518 and NAI-107, produced by the related genera Planomonospora and Microbispora respectively, are members of a family of nisin-related compounds. They represent promising compounds to treat infections caused by multiresistant Gram-positive pathogens. Despite their similar structure and a similar antibacterial spectrum, the two lantibiotics exhibit significant differences in their potency. To gain an insight into the structure-activity relationships, their conformational properties in solution are determined by NMR. After carrying out an NOE analysis of 2D (1)H NMR spectra, high-resolution 3D structures are determined using molecular dynamics simulations.	2
Title: Nicotinamide coenzymes in liver and myocardium of rats poisoned with dichloroethane (Russian) Abstract: Experiments were conducted on male rats. A study was made of the content of nicotinamide coenzymes in the liver and myocardium 24 hours after the administration of 0.5 ml of dichloroethane into the stomach. In parallel with disturbance of the morphological structure of the liver and of the myocardium, increase in the activity of alanine and aspargic aminotranspherases in the blood serum, dichloroethane reduced the content of nicotinamide coenzymes and deranged the ratio of their oxidized and reduced forms in these organs.	2
Title: Purification of herpesvirus nucleocapsids by fluorocarbon extraction Abstract: Purified nucleocapsids were prepared from herpes simplex virus type-1 and herpes simplex virus type-2 infected cells, using a fluorocarbon extraction technique with Freon 113. Fifty to 85% of the total nucleocapsid population remained 'nucleated' or full in terms of the nucleic acid core making them useful as a source of DNA. CsCl banded DNA represented 30--40% of the theoretical yield of the total nucleocapsid population.	2
Title: Multiple light‐evoked conductance changes in the photoreceptors of Hermissenda crassicornis Abstract: 1. Light responses were recorded from the photoreceptors of Hermissenda crassicornis. The response to a flash is a complex potential change involving an initial depolarization, a hyperpolarization, and a depolarizing tail. None of the phases of the response are due to synaptic interactions.2. Polarization of the membrane by extrinsic current indicates that three separate conductance changes are associated with the response. The initial depolarization and hyperpolarization are accompanied by conductance increases and the tail with a conductance decrease. The initial depolarization has a positive reversal potential and the hyperpolarizing and tail phase have a reversal voltage more negative than resting potential.3. The different processes that give rise to the conductance changes have similar spectral sensitivities but are affected unequally by light adaptation. Strong light adaptation reduced the depolarizing phases more than the hyperpolarizing phase, so that following an adapting stimulus the cell responded to illumination with a pure hyperpolarization (isolated hyperpolarization).4. Removal of external Na(+) ions greatly reduced the initial depolarization. In Na(+)-free sea water the cell responds to dim flashes with a slow depolarization (isolated tail) that involves a conductance decrease, and has the same reversal potential as the hyperpolarizing response recorded from light adapted cells.5. The amplitude of the isolated hyperpolarization and tail varied inversely with the external K(+) concentration.6. It is concluded that in Hermissenda photoreceptors light initiates processes that result in three distinct permeability changes. Following a brief flash there is: a rapid and transient increase in Na(+) permeability that is responsible for the initial depolarization, a less rapid increase in K(+) permeability that is responsible for the hyperpolarizing phase, and a delayed decrease in K(+) permeability that gives rise to the depolarizing tail.	2
Title: Secretion of prostaglandins as bone-resorbing agents by renal cortical carcinoma in culture Abstract: Fragments of human renal carcinoma tissue have been co-cultured with mouse calvaria. In 9/13 cases significant bone resorption occurred whilst in no case did control kidney cause significant resorption. When bone resorption did occur, it could be reduced by inclusion of indomethacin in the culture medium. In some cases when theophylline was included in culture medium to prevent cyclic AMP breakdown, there was enhancement of tumour-induced bone resorption. Control studies without tumour showed that none of the experimental treatments had a direct effect on bone. Radioimmunoassay of prostaglandin E (PGE) levels in pooled culture media showed that tumour fragments produced appreciable amounts of PGE, and that this production was lowered by indomethacin and increased by theophylline. It is concluded that the bone resorption induced by these tumours is due to a prostaglandin, and that prostaglandin production may be controlled by changes in cyclic AMP metabolism.	2
Title: Pyridoxal kinase activity in human tumor tissues Abstract: Activity of pyridoxal kinase (per 1 g of tissue or per 1 mg of protein) varied in the range from 7 to 39 un or from 0.079 to 0.4 un in human malignant neoplasm tissues (adenocarcinoma of various localization, squamatous cell carcinoma of lungs, skin melanoma). The direction of alterations in the pyridoxal kinase activity differed in various tumors studied as compared with the respective controls (unimpaired tissues used for growing malignant cells).	2
Title: Diversity and bioactive potential of endospore-forming bacteria cultured from the marine sponge Haliclona simulans Abstract: Aims:                       Despite the frequent isolation of endospore-formers from marine sponges, little is known about the diversity and characterization of individual isolates. The main aims of this study were to isolate and characterize the spore-forming bacteria from the marine sponge Haliclona simulans and to examine their potential as a source for bioactive compounds.                  Methods and results:                       A bank of presumptive aerobic spore-forming bacteria was isolated from the marine sponge H. simulans. These represented c. 1% of the total culturable bacterial population. A subgroup of thirty isolates was characterized using morphological, phenotypical and phylogenetic analysis. A large diversity of endospore-forming bacteria was present, with the thirty isolates being distributed through a variety of Bacillus and Paenibacillus species. These included ubiquitous species, such as B. subtilis, B. pumilus, B. licheniformis and B. cereus group, as well as species that are typically associated with marine habitats, such as B. aquimaris, B. algicola and B. hwajinpoensis. Two strains carried the aiiA gene that encodes a lactonase known to be able to disrupt quorum-sensing mechanisms, and various isolates demonstrated protease activity and antimicrobial activity against different pathogenic indicator strains, including Clostridium perfringens, Bacillus cereus and Listeria monocytogenes.                  Conclusions:                       The marine sponge H. simulans harbours a diverse collection of endospore-forming bacteria, which produce proteases and antibiotics. This diversity appears to be overlooked by culture-dependent and culture-independent methods that do not specifically target sporeformers.                  Significance and impact of study:                       Marine sponges are an as yet largely untapped and poorly understood source of endospore-forming bacterial diversity with potential biotechnological, biopharmaceutical and probiotic applications. These results also indicate the importance of combining different methodologies for the comprehensive characterization of complex microbial populations such as those found in marine sponges.	2
Title: Clostridium botulinum in the post-genomic era Abstract: Foodborne botulism is a severe neuroparalytic disease caused by consumption of botulinum neurotoxin formed by strains of proteolytic Clostridium botulinum and non-proteolytic C. botulinum during their growth in food. The botulinum neurotoxin is the most potent substance known, with as little as 30-100 ng potentially fatal, and consumption of just a few milligrams of neurotoxin-containing food is likely to be sufficient to cause illness and potentially death. In order to minimise the foodborne botulism hazard, it is necessary to extend understanding of the biology of these bacteria. This process has been recently advanced by genome sequencing and subsequent analysis. In addition to neurotoxin formation, endospore formation is also critical to the success of proteolytic C. botulinum and non-proteolytic C. botulinum as foodborne pathogens. The endospores are highly resistant, and enable survival of adverse treatments such as heating. To better control the botulinum neurotoxin-forming clostridia, it is important to understand spore resistance mechanisms, and the physiological processes involved in germination and lag phase during recovery from this dormant state.	2
Title: Structural and functional dissection of the heterocyclic peptide cytotoxin streptolysin S Abstract: The human pathogen Streptococcus pyogenes secretes a highly cytolytic toxin known as streptolysin S (SLS). SLS is a key virulence determinant and responsible for the beta-hemolytic phenotype of these bacteria. Despite over a century of research, the chemical structure of SLS remains unknown. Recent experiments have revealed that SLS is generated from an inactive precursor peptide that undergoes extensive post-translational modification to an active form. In this work, we address outstanding questions regarding the SLS biosynthetic process, elucidating the features of substrate recognition and sites of posttranslational modification to the SLS precursor peptide. Further, we exploit these findings to guide the design of artificial cytolytic toxins that are recognized by the SLS biosynthetic enzymes and others that are intrinsically cytolytic. This new structural information has ramifications for future antimicrobial therapies.	2
Title: Streptolysin S-like virulence factors: The continuing sagA Abstract: Streptolysin S (SLS) is a potent cytolytic toxin and virulence factor that is produced by nearly all Streptococcus pyogenes strains. Despite a 100-year history of research on this toxin, it has only recently been established that SLS is just one of an extended family of post-translationally modified virulence factors (the SLS-like peptides) that are produced by some streptococci and other Gram-positive pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes and Clostridium botulinum. In this Review, we describe the identification, genetics, biochemistry and various functions of SLS. We also discuss the shared features of the virulence-associated SLS-like peptides, as well as their place within the rapidly expanding family of thiazole/oxazole-modified microcins (TOMMs).	2
Title: In vitro inhibition activity of different bacteriocin-producing Escherichia coli against Salmonella strains isolated from clinical cases Abstract: Aims:                       To compare in vitro the inhibitory activity of four bacteriocin-producing Escherichia coli to a well-characterized panel of Salmonella strains, recently isolated from clinical cases in Switzerland.                  Methods and results:                       A panel of 68 nontyphoidal Salmonella strains was characterized by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis analysis and susceptibility to antibiotics. The majority of tested strains were genetically different, with 40% resistant to at least one antibiotic. E. coli Mcc24 showed highest in vitro activity against Salmonella (100%, microcin 24), followed by E. coli L1000 (94%, microcin B17), E. coli 53 (49%, colicin H) and E. coli 52 (21%, colicin G) as revealed using a cross-streak activity assay.                  Conclusions:                       Escherichia coli Mcc24, a genetically modified organism producing microcin 24, and E. coli L1000, a natural strain isolated from human faeces carrying the mcb-operon for microcin B17-production, were the most effective strains in inhibiting in vitro both antibiotic resistant and sensitive Salmonella isolates.                  Significance and impact of the study:                       Due to an increasing prevalence of antibiotic resistant Salmonella strains, alternative strategies to fight these foodborne pathogens are needed. E. coli L1000 appears to be a promising candidate in view of developing biotechnological alternatives to antibiotics against Salmonella infections.	2
Title: Solution structure of polytheonamide B, a highly cytotoxic nonribosomal polypeptide from marine sponge Abstract: Polytheonamide B (pTB), a highly cytotoxic polypeptide, is one of the most unusual nonribosomal peptides of sponge origin. pTB is a linear 48-residue peptide with alternating D- and L-amino acids and contains a total of eight types of nonproteinogenic amino acids. To investigate the mechanisms underlying its cytotoxic activity, we determined the three-dimensional structure of pTB by NMR spectroscopy, structure calculation, and energy minimization. pTB adopts a single right-handed β(6.3)-helical structure in a 1:1 mixture of methanol/chloroform with a length of approximately 45 A and a hydrophilic pore of ca. 4 A inner diameter. These features indicate that pTB molecules form transmembrane channels that permeate monovalent cations as gramicidin A channels do. The strong cytotoxicity of pTB can be ascribed to its ability to form single molecule channels through biological membranes.	2
Title: Total synthesis of the large non-ribosomal peptide polytheonamide B Abstract: Polytheonamide B is by far the largest non-ribosomal peptide known at present, and displays extraordinary cytotoxicity (EC(50) = 68 pg ml(-1), mouse leukaemia P388 cells). Its 48 amino-acid residues include a variety of non-proteinogenic d- and l-amino acids, and the absolute stereochemistry of these amino acids alternate in sequence. These structural features induce the formation of a stable β-strand-type structure, giving rise to an overall tubular structure over 30 Å in length. In a biological setting, this fold is believed to transport cations across the lipid bilayer through a pore, thereby acting as an ion channel. Here, we report the first chemical construction of polytheonamide B. Our synthesis relies on the combination of four key stages: syntheses of non-proteinogenic amino acids, a solid-phase assembly of four fragments of polytheonamide B, silver-mediated connection of the fragments and, finally, global deprotection. The synthetic material now available will allow studies of the relationships between its conformational properties, channel functions and cytotoxicity.	2
Title: Polytheonamides A and B, highly cytotoxic, linear polypeptides with unprecedented structural features, from the marine sponge, Theonella swinhoei Abstract: Polytheonamides A and B are highly cytotoxic polypeptides with 48 amino acid residues isolated from the marine sponge, Theonella swinhoei. The structure of polytheonamide B was determined by spectral and chemical methods, especially extensive 2D NMR experiments, which resulted in the unprecedented polypeptide structure; the N-terminal glycine blocked with a 5,5-dimethyl-2-oxo-hexanoyl group, the presence of eight tert-leucine, three beta-hydroxyvaline, six gamma-N-methylasparagine, two gamma-N-methyl-beta-hydroxyasparagine, and beta,beta-dimethymethionine sulfoxide residues. More significantly, it has the sequence of alternating D- and L-amino acids. Polytheonamide A is an epimer of polytheonamide B differing only in the stereochemistry of the sulfoxide of the 44(th) residue.	2
Title: Imaging mass spectrometry of intraspecies metabolic exchange revealed the cannibalistic factors of Bacillus subtilis Abstract: During bacterial cannibalism, a differentiated subpopulation harvests nutrients from their genetically identical siblings to allow continued growth in nutrient-limited conditions. Hypothesis-driven imaging mass spectrometry (IMS) was used to identify metabolites active in a Bacillus subtilis cannibalism system in which sporulating cells lyse nonsporulating siblings. Two candidate molecules with sequences matching the products of skfA and sdpC, genes for the proposed cannibalistic factors sporulation killing factor (SKF) and sporulation delaying protein (SDP), respectively, were identified and the structures of the final products elucidated. SKF is a cyclic 26-amino acid (aa) peptide that is posttranslationally modified with one disulfide and one cysteine thioether bridged to the α-position of a methionine, a posttranslational modification not previously described in biology. SDP is a 42-residue peptide with one disulfide bridge. In spot test assays on solid medium, overproduced SKF and SDP enact a cannibalistic killing effect with SDP having higher potency. However, only purified SDP affected B. subtilis cells in liquid media in fluorescence microscopy and growth assays. Specifically, SDP treatment delayed growth in a concentration-dependent manner, caused increases in cell permeability, and ultimately caused cell lysis accompanied by the production of membrane tubules and spheres. Similarly, SDP but not SKF was able to inhibit the growth of the pathogens Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis with comparable IC(50) to vancomycin. This investigation, with the identification of SKF and SDP structures, highlights the strength of IMS in investigations of metabolic exchange of microbial colonies and also demonstrates IMS as a promising approach to discover novel biologically active molecules.	2
Title: Cannibalism by sporulating bacteria Abstract: Spore formation by the bacterium Bacillus subtilis is an elaborate developmental process that is triggered by nutrient limitation. Here we report that cells that have entered the pathway to sporulate produce and export a killing factor and a signaling protein that act cooperatively to block sister cells from sporulating and to cause them to lyse. The sporulating cells feed on the nutrients thereby released, which allows them to keep growing rather than to complete morphogenesis. We propose that sporulation is a stress-response pathway of last resort and that B. subtilis delays a commitment to spore formation by cannibalizing its siblings.	2
Title: Cyclothiazomycin, a novel polythiazole-containing peptide with renin inhibitory activity. taxonomy, fermentation, isolation and physico-chemical characterization Abstract: Cyclothiazomycin is a novel renin inhibitor produced by Streptomyces sp. NR0516. It was isolated from fermentation broth by extraction with butyl alcohol, QAE-Toyopearl column chromatography and preparative HPLC. Cyclothiazomycin, which was determined to be a unique polythiazole-containing bicyclic peptide, exhibited inhibitory activity against human plasma renin with IC50 being 1.7 microM.	2
Title: Functional analysis of the cytochrome P450 monooxygenase gene bcbot1 of Botrytis cinerea indicates that botrydial is a strain-specific virulence factor Abstract: The micrographic phytopathogen Botrytis cinerea causes gray mold diseases in a large number of dicotyledonous crop plants and ornamentals. Colonization of host tissue is accompanied by rapid killing of plant cells ahead of the growing hyphen, probably caused by secretion of nonspecific phytotoxins, e.g., the sesquiterpene botrydial. Although all pathogenic strains tested so far had been shown to secrete botrydial and although the toxin causes comparable necrotic lesions as infection by the fungus, the role of botrydial in the infection process has not been elucidated so far. Here, we describe the functional characterization of bcbot1, encoding a P450 monooxygenase and provide evidence that it is involved in the botrydial pathway, i.e., it represents the first botrydial biosynthetic gene identified. We show that bcbot1 is expressed in planta and that expression in vitro and in planta is controlled by an alpha-subunit of a heterotrimeric GTP-binding protein, BCG1. Deletion of bcbot1 in three standard strains of B. cinerea shows that the effect on virulence (on several host plants) is strain-dependent; only deletion in one of the strains (T4) led to reduced virulence.	2
Title: Phenalinolactones A-D, terpenoglycoside antibiotics from Streptomyces sp. Tü 6071 Abstract: Four new terpenoglycoside antibiotics, phenalinolactones A-D were isolated from Streptomyces sp. Tü 6071. The structures were elucidated on the basis of detailed NMR and MS analyses. Phenalinolactones combine a diterpenoid tricycle, a 2,3,6-trideoxysugar, a pyrrole-carboxylic acid and an uncommonly oxidized unsaturated γ-lactone in a unique manner. Phenalinolactones show an inhibitory activity against gram-positive bacteria.	2
Title: Cyclooctatin, A New Inhibitor Of Lysophospholipase, Produced By Streptomyces Melanosporofaciens Mi614-43F2 Taxonomy, Production, Isolation, Physico-Chemical Properties and Biological Activities Abstract: Cyclooctatin has been isolated from Streptomyces melanosporofaciens MI614-43F2 as part of a program designed to find microorganism-produced inhibitors of lysophospholipase. It was purified by chromatography on silica gel, Capcell Pak C18 (HPLC) and Sephadex LH-20 followed by solvent extraction and then isolated as a colorless powder. Cyclooctatin has the molecular formula of C20H34O3. It is competitive with the substrate, and the inhibition constant (Ki) was 4.8 x 10(-6) M.	2
Title: An unusual terpene cyclization mechanism involving a carbon-carbon bond rearrangement Abstract: Terpene cyclization reactions are fascinating owing to the precise control of connectivity and stereochemistry during the catalytic process. Cyclooctat-9-en-7-ol synthase (CotB2) synthesizes an unusual 5-8-5 fused-ring structure with six chiral centers from the universal diterpene precursor, the achiral C20 geranylgeranyl diphosphate substrate. An unusual new mechanism for the exquisite CotB2-catalyzed cyclization that involves a carbon-carbon backbone rearrangement and three long-range hydride shifts is proposed, based on a powerful combination of in vivo studies using uniformly (13)C-labeled glucose and in vitro reactions of regiospecifically deuterium-substituted geranylgeranyl diphosphate substrates. This study shows that CotB2 elegantly demonstrates the synthetic virtuosity and stereochemical control that evolution has conferred on terpene synthases.	2
Title: Catalytic analysis of the validamycin glycosyltransferase (ValG) and enzymatic production of 4″-epi-validamycin A Abstract: ValG is a glycosyltransferase (GT) that is responsible for the glucosylation of validoxylamine A to validamycin A. To explore the potential utilization of ValG as a tool for the production of validamycin analogues, a number of nucleotidyldiphosphate-sugars were evaluated as alternative substrates for ValG. The results indicated that in addition to its natural substrate, UDP-glucose, ValG also efficiently utilized UDP-galactose as sugar donor and resulted in the production of an unnatural compound, 4''-epi-validamycin A. The new compound demonstrated a moderate growth inhibitory activity against the plant fungal pathogen Rhizoctonia solani (= Pellicularia sasakii). A comparative analysis of ValG with its homologous proteins revealed that ValG contains an unusual DTG motif, in place of the DXD motif proposed for metal ion binding and/or NDP-sugar binding and commonly found in other glycosyltransferases. Site-directed mutagenesis of the DTG motif of ValG to DCD altered its preferences for metal ion binding, but did not seem to affect its substrate specificity.	2
Title: Klebsiella pneumoniae genotype K1: An emerging pathogen that causes septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess Abstract: Background:                       Since 1986, researchers have noted a syndrome of Klebsiella pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess that is complicated by endophthalmitis or central nervous system infections. There are limited data regarding the role of bacterial genotype in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.                  Methods:                       We conducted a retrospective cohort study involving 177 cases of K. pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess treated during 1997-2005 at a tertiary university hospital in Taiwan. We performed bacterial cps genotyping by polymerase chain reaction detection of serotype-specific alleles at wzy and wzx loci and used an in vitro serum assay to evaluate the virulence of bacterial strains.                  Results:                       Septic ocular or central nervous system complications developed in 23 patients (13%). Logistic regression analysis showed that genotype K1 was the only significant risk factor (adjusted odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-15.7, P=.009). The serum resistance assay indicated that, on average, K1 strains (n=100) were significantly more virulent than were strains of K2 (n=36), K20/K5/K54 (n=21), or other genotypes (n=20) (P<.001 for each comparison). In addition to the serotype-specific cps region, the genomic background of K1 strains also differed significantly from that of non-K1 strains (20-kb kfu/PTS region, 97/100 vs. 13/77; P<.001). Of the 19 cases in which genotype K1 strains caused complications, 8 patients (42%) did not have identifiable underlying medical diseases.                  Conclusions:                       K. pneumoniae genotype K1 is an emerging pathogen capable of causing catastrophic septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess independent of underlying diseases in the host.	2
Title: Klebsiella pneumoniae genotype K1: An emerging pathogen that causes septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess Abstract: Background:                       Since 1986, researchers have noted a syndrome of Klebsiella pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess that is complicated by endophthalmitis or central nervous system infections. There are limited data regarding the role of bacterial genotype in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.                  Methods:                       We conducted a retrospective cohort study involving 177 cases of K. pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess treated during 1997-2005 at a tertiary university hospital in Taiwan. We performed bacterial cps genotyping by polymerase chain reaction detection of serotype-specific alleles at wzy and wzx loci and used an in vitro serum assay to evaluate the virulence of bacterial strains.                  Results:                       Septic ocular or central nervous system complications developed in 23 patients (13%). Logistic regression analysis showed that genotype K1 was the only significant risk factor (adjusted odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-15.7, P=.009). The serum resistance assay indicated that, on average, K1 strains (n=100) were significantly more virulent than were strains of K2 (n=36), K20/K5/K54 (n=21), or other genotypes (n=20) (P<.001 for each comparison). In addition to the serotype-specific cps region, the genomic background of K1 strains also differed significantly from that of non-K1 strains (20-kb kfu/PTS region, 97/100 vs. 13/77; P<.001). Of the 19 cases in which genotype K1 strains caused complications, 8 patients (42%) did not have identifiable underlying medical diseases.                  Conclusions:                       K. pneumoniae genotype K1 is an emerging pathogen capable of causing catastrophic septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess independent of underlying diseases in the host.	2
Title: Klebsiella pneumoniae genotype K1: An emerging pathogen that causes septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess Abstract: Background:                       Since 1986, researchers have noted a syndrome of Klebsiella pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess that is complicated by endophthalmitis or central nervous system infections. There are limited data regarding the role of bacterial genotype in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.                  Methods:                       We conducted a retrospective cohort study involving 177 cases of K. pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess treated during 1997-2005 at a tertiary university hospital in Taiwan. We performed bacterial cps genotyping by polymerase chain reaction detection of serotype-specific alleles at wzy and wzx loci and used an in vitro serum assay to evaluate the virulence of bacterial strains.                  Results:                       Septic ocular or central nervous system complications developed in 23 patients (13%). Logistic regression analysis showed that genotype K1 was the only significant risk factor (adjusted odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-15.7, P=.009). The serum resistance assay indicated that, on average, K1 strains (n=100) were significantly more virulent than were strains of K2 (n=36), K20/K5/K54 (n=21), or other genotypes (n=20) (P<.001 for each comparison). In addition to the serotype-specific cps region, the genomic background of K1 strains also differed significantly from that of non-K1 strains (20-kb kfu/PTS region, 97/100 vs. 13/77; P<.001). Of the 19 cases in which genotype K1 strains caused complications, 8 patients (42%) did not have identifiable underlying medical diseases.                  Conclusions:                       K. pneumoniae genotype K1 is an emerging pathogen capable of causing catastrophic septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess independent of underlying diseases in the host.	2
Title: Klebsiella pneumoniae genotype K1: An emerging pathogen that causes septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess Abstract: Background:                       Since 1986, researchers have noted a syndrome of Klebsiella pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess that is complicated by endophthalmitis or central nervous system infections. There are limited data regarding the role of bacterial genotype in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.                  Methods:                       We conducted a retrospective cohort study involving 177 cases of K. pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess treated during 1997-2005 at a tertiary university hospital in Taiwan. We performed bacterial cps genotyping by polymerase chain reaction detection of serotype-specific alleles at wzy and wzx loci and used an in vitro serum assay to evaluate the virulence of bacterial strains.                  Results:                       Septic ocular or central nervous system complications developed in 23 patients (13%). Logistic regression analysis showed that genotype K1 was the only significant risk factor (adjusted odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-15.7, P=.009). The serum resistance assay indicated that, on average, K1 strains (n=100) were significantly more virulent than were strains of K2 (n=36), K20/K5/K54 (n=21), or other genotypes (n=20) (P<.001 for each comparison). In addition to the serotype-specific cps region, the genomic background of K1 strains also differed significantly from that of non-K1 strains (20-kb kfu/PTS region, 97/100 vs. 13/77; P<.001). Of the 19 cases in which genotype K1 strains caused complications, 8 patients (42%) did not have identifiable underlying medical diseases.                  Conclusions:                       K. pneumoniae genotype K1 is an emerging pathogen capable of causing catastrophic septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess independent of underlying diseases in the host.	2
Title: Klebsiella pneumoniae genotype K1: An emerging pathogen that causes septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess Abstract: Background:                       Since 1986, researchers have noted a syndrome of Klebsiella pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess that is complicated by endophthalmitis or central nervous system infections. There are limited data regarding the role of bacterial genotype in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.                  Methods:                       We conducted a retrospective cohort study involving 177 cases of K. pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess treated during 1997-2005 at a tertiary university hospital in Taiwan. We performed bacterial cps genotyping by polymerase chain reaction detection of serotype-specific alleles at wzy and wzx loci and used an in vitro serum assay to evaluate the virulence of bacterial strains.                  Results:                       Septic ocular or central nervous system complications developed in 23 patients (13%). Logistic regression analysis showed that genotype K1 was the only significant risk factor (adjusted odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-15.7, P=.009). The serum resistance assay indicated that, on average, K1 strains (n=100) were significantly more virulent than were strains of K2 (n=36), K20/K5/K54 (n=21), or other genotypes (n=20) (P<.001 for each comparison). In addition to the serotype-specific cps region, the genomic background of K1 strains also differed significantly from that of non-K1 strains (20-kb kfu/PTS region, 97/100 vs. 13/77; P<.001). Of the 19 cases in which genotype K1 strains caused complications, 8 patients (42%) did not have identifiable underlying medical diseases.                  Conclusions:                       K. pneumoniae genotype K1 is an emerging pathogen capable of causing catastrophic septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess independent of underlying diseases in the host.	2
Title: Klebsiella pneumoniae genotype K1: An emerging pathogen that causes septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess Abstract: Background:                       Since 1986, researchers have noted a syndrome of Klebsiella pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess that is complicated by endophthalmitis or central nervous system infections. There are limited data regarding the role of bacterial genotype in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.                  Methods:                       We conducted a retrospective cohort study involving 177 cases of K. pneumoniae pyogenic liver abscess treated during 1997-2005 at a tertiary university hospital in Taiwan. We performed bacterial cps genotyping by polymerase chain reaction detection of serotype-specific alleles at wzy and wzx loci and used an in vitro serum assay to evaluate the virulence of bacterial strains.                  Results:                       Septic ocular or central nervous system complications developed in 23 patients (13%). Logistic regression analysis showed that genotype K1 was the only significant risk factor (adjusted odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-15.7, P=.009). The serum resistance assay indicated that, on average, K1 strains (n=100) were significantly more virulent than were strains of K2 (n=36), K20/K5/K54 (n=21), or other genotypes (n=20) (P<.001 for each comparison). In addition to the serotype-specific cps region, the genomic background of K1 strains also differed significantly from that of non-K1 strains (20-kb kfu/PTS region, 97/100 vs. 13/77; P<.001). Of the 19 cases in which genotype K1 strains caused complications, 8 patients (42%) did not have identifiable underlying medical diseases.                  Conclusions:                       K. pneumoniae genotype K1 is an emerging pathogen capable of causing catastrophic septic ocular or central nervous system complications from pyogenic liver abscess independent of underlying diseases in the host.	2
Title: Occurrence, production, and applications of gellan: Current state and perspectives Abstract: Bacterial exopolysaccharides (EPS) are products of biotechnology that are of high interest due to their rheological properties. This is the case of sphingans, a group of structurally related EPS secreted by members of the genus Sphingomonas. Among these, gellan is a multifunctional gelling agent produced in high yields by the non-pathogenic strain Sphingomonas elodea ATCC 31461. In its native form, gellan is a linear anionic EPS based on a tetrasaccharide repeat unit composed of two molecules of D: -glucose, one of L: -rhamnose and one of D: -glucuronic acid. The native gellan is partially esterified with acyl substituents (1 mol of glycerate and 0.5 mol of acetate) per repeat unit. Gellan has unique characteristics and has many applications, particularly in the food, pharmaceutical, and biomedical fields. This review summarizes current knowledge on the structure and properties of gellan and provides details about the biosynthesis of this exopolysaccharide. In addition, a highlight of the importance of gellan in industrial and medicinal applications is given.	2
Title: Molecular mimicry in Campylobacter jejuni: Role of the lipo-oligosaccharide core oligosaccharide in inducing anti-ganglioside antibodies Abstract: Campylobacter jejuni is recognized as the most common identifiable pathogen associated with the development of Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), an acute autoimmune-mediated disease affecting the peripheral nervous system. The immune response to ganglioside-like structures in lipo-oligosaccharides (LOSs) of certain C. jejuni strains is thought to cross-react with human nerve gangliosides and induce GBS. To study the involvement of LOSs in the pathogenesis of Campylobacter-induced GBS, we created truncated LOS molecules by inactivating the waaF gene in a GBS-associated isolate of C. jejuni. Gas Chromatography-MS analysis of the waaF mutant LOSs revealed a marked reduction in sugar content, including sialic acid and galactose. GM1 and GD1a-like mimicry was not detected in the waaF mutant by Western blot analysis with cholera toxin B and anti-GD1a antibodies. Mice immunized with the waaF mutant failed to develop anti-GM1 or anti-GD1a antibodies. The waaF mutant also showed reduced adherence to and invasion of INT-407 cells. The results indicate that the LOS of C. jejuni HB93-13 is essential for adherence and invasion as well as for anti-ganglioside antibody induction.	2
Title: Bacterial polysaccharide synthesis and gene nomenclature Abstract: Gene nomenclature for bacterial surface polysaccharides is complicated by the large number of structures and genes. We propose a scheme applicable to all species that distinguishes different classes of genes, provides a single name for all genes of a given function and greatly facilitates comparative studies.	2
Title: S-layer nanoglycobiology of bacteria Abstract: Cell surface layers (S-layers) are common structures of the bacterial cell envelope with a lattice-like appearance that are formed by a self-assembly process. Frequently, the constituting S-layer proteins are modified with covalently linked glycan chains facing the extracellular environment. S-layer glycoproteins from organisms of the Bacillaceae family possess long, O-glycosidically linked glycans that are composed of a great variety of sugar constituents. The observed variations already exceed the display found in eukaryotic glycoproteins. Recent investigations of the S-layer protein glycosylation process at the molecular level, which has lagged behind the structural studies due to the lack of suitable molecular tools, indicated that the S-layer glycoprotein glycan biosynthesis pathway utilizes different modules of the well-known biosynthesis routes of lipopolysaccharide O-antigens. The genetic information for S-layer glycan biosynthesis is usually present in S-layer glycosylation (slg) gene clusters acting in concert with housekeeping genes. To account for the nanometer-scale cell surface display feature of bacterial S-layer glycosylation, we have coined the neologism 'nanoglycobiology'. It includes structural and biochemical aspects of S-layer glycans as well as molecular data on the machinery underlying the glycosylation event. A key aspect for the full potency of S-layer nanoglycobiology is the unique self-assembly feature of the S-layer protein matrix. Being aware that in many cases the glycan structures associated with a protein are the key to protein function, S-layer protein glycosylation will add a new and valuable component to an 'S-layer based molecular construction kit'. In our long-term research strategy, S-layer nanoglycobiology shall converge with other functional glycosylation systems to produce 'functional' S-layer neoglycoproteins for diverse applications in the fields of nanobiotechnology and vaccine technology. Recent advances in the field of S-layer nanoglycobiology have made our overall strategy a tangible aim of the near future.	2
Title: S-layer nanoglycobiology of bacteria Abstract: Cell surface layers (S-layers) are common structures of the bacterial cell envelope with a lattice-like appearance that are formed by a self-assembly process. Frequently, the constituting S-layer proteins are modified with covalently linked glycan chains facing the extracellular environment. S-layer glycoproteins from organisms of the Bacillaceae family possess long, O-glycosidically linked glycans that are composed of a great variety of sugar constituents. The observed variations already exceed the display found in eukaryotic glycoproteins. Recent investigations of the S-layer protein glycosylation process at the molecular level, which has lagged behind the structural studies due to the lack of suitable molecular tools, indicated that the S-layer glycoprotein glycan biosynthesis pathway utilizes different modules of the well-known biosynthesis routes of lipopolysaccharide O-antigens. The genetic information for S-layer glycan biosynthesis is usually present in S-layer glycosylation (slg) gene clusters acting in concert with housekeeping genes. To account for the nanometer-scale cell surface display feature of bacterial S-layer glycosylation, we have coined the neologism 'nanoglycobiology'. It includes structural and biochemical aspects of S-layer glycans as well as molecular data on the machinery underlying the glycosylation event. A key aspect for the full potency of S-layer nanoglycobiology is the unique self-assembly feature of the S-layer protein matrix. Being aware that in many cases the glycan structures associated with a protein are the key to protein function, S-layer protein glycosylation will add a new and valuable component to an 'S-layer based molecular construction kit'. In our long-term research strategy, S-layer nanoglycobiology shall converge with other functional glycosylation systems to produce 'functional' S-layer neoglycoproteins for diverse applications in the fields of nanobiotechnology and vaccine technology. Recent advances in the field of S-layer nanoglycobiology have made our overall strategy a tangible aim of the near future.	2
Title: Chromobacterium violaceum and Its Important Metabolites - Review Abstract: C. violaceum appeared as important bacterium in different applications and mainly these aspects are related to the production of violacein. This review discusses the last reports on biosynthetic pathways, production, genetic aspects, biological activities, pathological effects, antipathogenic screening through quorum sensing, environmental effects and the products of C. violaceum with industrial interest. An important discussion is on biological applications in medicine and as industrial products such as textile and in cosmetics.	2
Title: N-Acylhomoserine lactone regulates violacein production in Chromobacterium violaceum type strain ATCC 12472 Abstract: In tests, Chromobacterium violaceum ATCC 12472 produced several N-acyl-L-homoserine lactones (AHLs). Of these, N-(3-hydroxydecanoyl)-L-homoserine lactone was dominant, and controlled violacein production by quorum sensing. Strain VIR07, an AHL-deficient mutant, did not produce violacein. Violacein production in VIR07 was induced by adding long-chain AHLs (C10-C16), but was inhibited by adding short-chain AHLs (C4-C8). Strain VIR07 showed the response of violacein production when AHLs diffused from a variety of AHL-producing bacteria on agar plates, and thus might be a useful biosensor for recognizing exogenous AHLs.	2
Title: Antioxidant properties of violacein: Possible relation on its biological function Abstract: Violacein, a violet pigment produced by Chromobacterium violaceum, has attracted much attention in recent literature due to its pharmacological properties. In this work, the antioxidant properties of violacein were investigated. The reactivity with oxygen and nitrogen reactive species and 1,1-diphenyl-2-picryl-hydrazyl (DPPH), a stable free radical, was evaluated. EPR studies were carried out to evaluate the reactivity with the hydroxyl radical. The action of violacein against lipid peroxidation in three models of lipid membranes, including rat liver microsomes, Egg and Soy bean phosphathidylcholine liposomes were also evaluated. The compound reacted with DPPH (IC(50)=30microM), nitric oxide (IC(50)=21microM), superoxide radicals (IC(50)=125microM) and decreased the hydroxyl radical EPR signal. The compound protected the studied membranes against peroxidation induced by reactive species in the micromolar range. The reconstitution of violacein into the membranes increased its antioxidant effect. These results indicate that the compound has strong antioxidant potential. Based on these results we suggest violacein plays an important role with the microorganism membrane in defense against oxidative stress.	2
Title: Molecular replacement in the 'twilight zone': Structure determination of the non-haem iron oxygenase NovR from Streptomyces spheroides through repeated density modification of a poor molecular-replacement solution Abstract: Crystals of recombinant NovR (subunit MW = 29 924 Da; 270 amino acids), a non-haem iron oxygenase from Streptomyces spheroides, were grown by vapour diffusion. The protein crystallized in space group C2, with unit-cell parameters a = 86.69, b = 139.38, c = 100.82 A, beta = 101.18 degrees . Native data were collected to a resolution of 2.1 A from a single crystal at a synchrotron and a molecular-replacement solution was obtained using the program AMoRe. The starting phase information was very poor and did not permit model building. Phases were subsequently improved using a combination of fourfold averaging and very gradual phase extension in the program DM to yield an interpretable map. NovR belongs to a novel class of non-haem iron oxygenases that share sequence similarity with class II aldolases. It is predicted to perform two consecutive oxidative decarboxylation steps in the biosynthesis of the prenylated hydroxybenzoic acid moiety of the aminocoumarin antibiotic novobiocin.	2
Title: NovJ/NovK catalyze benzylic oxidation of a β-hydroxyl tyrosyl-S-pantetheinyl enzyme during aminocoumarin ring formation in novobiocin biosynthesis Abstract: The bicyclic coumarin ring in the aminocoumarin natural product antibiotics that target bacterial DNA gyrase is assembled from tyrosine by nonribosomal peptide synthetase logic. Tyrosine has previously been shown to be activated and installed as a phosphopantetheinyl thioester on the thiolation domain of NovH and then hydroxylated on the benzylic carbon by the heme protein NovI, generating beta-OH-Tyr-S-NovH. This aminoacyl-S-protein is the substrate for the next two orfs, Streptomyces sphaeroides NovJ and NovK, that have now been expressed in and purified from Escherichia coli as a J2K2 heterotetramer. NovJ/NovK use NADP as an electron acceptor to oxidize the beta-OH of the tyrosyl moiety to yield the tethered beta-ketotyrosyl-S-NovH. The enol tautomer is the form that predominates in the subsequently cyclized aminocoumarin scaffold. The labile beta-ketotyrosyl thioester moiety was identified by hydrolytic release from NovH, analysis by mass spectroscopy, and comparison with a synthetic sample. We also have identified a residue in NovJ that when mutated results in a 50-fold reduction in catalytic activity.	2
Title: NovQ is a prenyltransferase capable of catalyzing the addition of a dimethylallyl group to both phenylpropanoids and flavonoids Abstract: NovQ is a member of a recently identified CloQ/NphB class of prenyltransferases. Although NphB has been well characterized as a prenyltransferase with flexibility against aromatic substrates, few studies have been carried out on characterization of NovQ. Hence, in this study, we investigate the kinetics, substrate specificity and regiospecificity of NovQ. The corresponding novQ gene was cloned from Streptomyces niveus, which produces an aminocoumarin antibiotic, novobiocin. Recombinant NovQ was overexpressed in Escherichia coli and purified to homogeneity. The purified enzyme was a soluble monomeric 40-kDa protein that catalyzed the transfer of a dimethylallyl group to 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate (4-HPP) independently of divalent cations to yield 3-dimethylallyl-4-HPP, an intermediate of novobiocin. Steady-state kinetic constants for NovQ with the two substrates, 4-HPP and dimethylallyl diphosphate, were also calculated. In addition to the prenylation of 4-HPP, NovQ catalyzed carbon-carbon-based and carbon-oxygen-based prenylations of a diverse collection of phenylpropanoids, flavonoids and dihydroxynaphthalenes. Despite its catalytic promiscuity, the NovQ-catalyzed prenylation occurred in a regiospecific manner. NovQ is the first reported prenyltransferase capable of catalyzing the transfer of a dimethylallyl group to both phenylpropanoids, such as p-coumaric acid and caffeic acid, and the B-ring of flavonoids. This study shows that NovQ can serve as a useful biocatalyst for the synthesis of prenylated phenylpropanoids and prenylated flavonoids.	2
Title: Transfer of [Flexibacter] sancti, [Flexibacter] filiformis, [Flexibacter] japonensis and [Cytophaga] arvensicola to the genus Chitinophaga and description of Chitinophaga skermanii sp. nov Abstract: Analysis of the 16S rRNA gene sequences of species currently assigned to the genus Flexibacter has shown extensive intrageneric phylogenetic heterogeneity. It has been shown in previous studies that the species [Flexibacter] sancti, [Flexibacter] filiformis and [Flexibacter] japonensis were most closely related to Chitinophaga pinensis. In addition, [Cytophaga] arvensicola and species of the genus Terrimonas also clustered into this phylogenetic group. Although the similarities of 16S rRNA gene sequences were low (88.5-96.4 %), there is no evidence for clear phenotypic differences between these organisms that justify assignment to different genera. A proposal is made to transfer these species to the genus Chitinophaga as Chitinophaga sancti comb. nov., Chitinophaga filiformis comb. nov., Chitinophaga japonenis comb. nov. and Chitinophaga arvensicola comb. nov. on the basis of phylogenetic and phenotypic data. Furthermore, a novel species is described within this genus, Chitinophaga skermanii sp. nov., with strain CC-SG1B(T) (=CCUG 52510(T)=CIP 109140(T)) as the type strain.	2
Title: Comparative antibacterial properties in vitro of seven olivanic acid derivatives: Mm 4550, MM 13902, MM 17880, MM 22380, MM 22381, MM 22382 and MM 22383 Abstract: Streptomyces olivaceus ATCC 31365 produces a family of novel beta-lactam antibiotics collectively referred to as the olivanic acids. Seven such compounds, MM 4550, MM 13902, MM 17880, MM 22380, MM 22381, MM 22382 and MM 22383 have been identified which have the same carbapenem nucleus but with different side chains attached to the nucleus. The compounds with an (8S) hydroxyethyl substituent and cis-orientated beta-lactam protons, MM 22380 and MM 22382, and their sulphate esters, MM 17880 and MM 123902, are potent antibiotic with MIC values against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria in the range 0.1 3.1 microgram/ml. The corresponding (8S) hydroxyethyl compounds with trans-beta-lactam protons, MM 22381 and MM 22383, also have broad-spectrum activity but are rather less potent than the cis-compound. In addition to their antibiotic activity, the olivanic acids inhibit a number of beta-lactamases and enhance the activity of beta-lactams such as amoxycillin against beta-lactamase-producing bacteria. Significant differences are observed both in antibacterial activities and in beta-lactamase inhibition properties when the olivanic acids are compared with the related thienamycin antibiotics which have (8R) rather than (8S) stereochemistry and trans-beta-lactam protons.	2
Title: The positive activator of cephamycin C and clavulanic acid production in Streptomyces clavuligerus is mistranslated in a bldA mutant Abstract: In Streptomyces coelicolor bldA encodes the principal leucyl tRNA for translation of UUA codons and controls pigmented antibiotic production by the presence of TTA codons in the genes encoding the pathway-specific activators of actinorhodin and undecylprodigiosin biosynthesis. In Streptomyces clavuligerus the gene encoding the pathway-specific activator of both cephamycin C and clavulanic acid production, ccaR, also contains a TTA codon and was expected to exhibit bldA-dependence. A cloned S. clavuligerus DNA fragment containing a sequence showing 91% identity to the S. coelicolor bldA-encoded tRNA was able to restore antibiotic production and sporulation to bldA mutants of S. coelicolor and the closely related Streptomyces lividans. A null mutation of the bldA gene in S. clavuligerus resulted in the expected sporulation defective phenotype, but unexpectedly had no effect on antibiotic production. Transcript analysis showed no difference in the levels of ccaR transcripts in the wild-type and bldA mutant strains, ruling out any effect of elevated levels of the ccaR mRNA. Furthermore, when compared to the wild-type strain, the bldA mutant showed no differences in the levels of CcaR, suggesting that the single TTA codon in ccaR is mistranslated efficiently. The role of codon context in bldA dependence is discussed.	2
Title: Two lipid signals guide fruiting body development of Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: Myxococcus xanthus produces several extracellular signals that guide fruiting body morphogenesis and spore differentiation. Mutants defective in producing a signal may be rescued by codevelopment with wild-type cells or cell fractions containing the signal. In this paper, we identify two molecules that rescue development of the E signal-deficient mutant LS1191 at physiological concentrations, iso15:0 branched-chain fatty acid (FA) and 1-iso15:0-alkyl-2,3-di-iso15:0-acyl glycerol (TG1), a development-specific monoalkyl-diacylglycerol. The physiological concentrations of the bioactive lipids were determined by mass spectrometry from developing wild-type cells using chemically synthesized standards. Synthetic TG1 restored fruiting body morphogenesis and sporulation and activated the expression of the developmentally regulated gene with locus tag MXAN_2146 at physiological concentrations, unlike its nearly identical tri-iso15:0 triacylglycerol (TAG) counterpart, which has an ester linkage instead of an ether linkage. iso15:0 FA restored development at physiological concentrations, unlike palmitic acid, a straight-chain fatty acid. The addition of either lipid stimulates cell shortening, with an 87% decline in membrane surface area, concomitantly with the production of lipid bodies at each cell pole and in the center of the cell. We suggest that cells produce triacylglycerol from membrane phospholipids. Bioactive lipids may be released by programmed cell death (PCD), which claims up to 80% of developing cells, since cells undergoing PCD produce lipid bodies before lysing.                  Importance:                       Like mammalian adipose tissue, many of the M. xanthus lipid body lipids are triacylglycerols (TAGs), containing ester-linked fatty acids. In both systems, ester-linked fatty acids are retrieved from TAGs with lipases and consumed by the fatty acid degradation cycle. Both mammals and M. xanthus also produce lipids containing ether-linked fatty alcohols with alkyl or vinyl linkages, such as plasmalogens. Alkyl and vinyl linkages are not hydrolyzed by lipases, and no clear role has emerged for lipids bearing them. For example, plasmalogen deficiency in mice has detrimental consequences to spermatocyte development, myelination, axonal survival, eye development, and long-term survival, though the precise reasons remain elusive. Lipids containing alkyl- and vinyl-linked fatty alcohols are development-specific products in M. xanthus. Here, we show that one of them rescues the development of E signal-producing mutants at physiological concentrations.	2
Title: Caprazamycins, novel lipo-nucleoside antibiotics, from Streptomyces sp. II. Structure elucidation of caprazamycins Abstract: Novel antibiotics, active against acid-fast bacteria, caprazamycins, were isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. MK730-62F2. The planar structures of the compounds were determined by 2D NMR spectroscopic study. Furthermore, the absolute structure of caprazamycin B (2) was established by NMR spectroscopy and X-ray crystallography of its degradation products and by total synthesis of the 5-amino-5-deoxy-D-ribose moiety. In the course of degradation studies of 2 under alkaline and acidic conditions, we obtained the two core components, caprazene (11) and caprazol (14), respectively, in high yield. Structurally, caprazamycins belong to a family of lipouridyl antibiotics, which have been discovered as specific inhibitors of a bacterial translocase.	2
Title: Biochemical studies on camomile components. III. In vitro studies about antipeptic activity of (-) α bisabolol BIOCHEMISCHE UNTERSUCHUNGEN VON KAMILLENINHALTSSTOFFEN. III. IN VITRO VERSUCHE UBER DIE ANTIPEPTISCHE WIRKUNG DES (-) α BISABOLOLS Abstract: (--)-alpha-Bisabolol has a primary antipeptic action depending on dosage, which is not caused by an alteration of the pH-value. The proteolytic activity of pepsin is reduced by 50 percent through addition of bisabolol in the ratio of 1/0.5. The antipeptic action of bisabolol only occurs in case of direct contact. In case of a previous contact with the substrate, the inhibiting effect is lost.	2
Title: Comparative proteomics reveals that a saxitoxin-producing and a nontoxic strain of Anabaena circinalis are two different ecotypes Abstract: In Australia, saxitoxin production is restricted to the cyanobacterial species Anabaena circinalis and is strain-dependent. We aimed to characterize a saxitoxin-producing and nontoxic strain of A. circinalis at the proteomic level using iTRAQ. Seven proteins putatively involved in saxitoxin biosynthesis were identified within our iTRAQ experiment for the first time. The proteomic profile of the toxic A. circinalis was significantly different from the nontoxic strain, indicating that each is likely to inhabit a unique ecological niche. Under control growth conditions, the saxitoxin-producing A. circinalis displayed a higher abundance of photosynthetic, carbon fixation and nitrogen metabolic proteins. Differential abundance of these proteins suggests a higher intracellular C:N ratio and a higher concentration of intracellular 2-oxoglutarate in our toxic strain compared with the nontoxic strain. This may be a novel site for posttranslational regulation because saxitoxin biosynthesis putatively requires a 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase. The nontoxic A. circinalis was more abundant in proteins, indicating cellular stress. Overall, our study has provided the first insight into fundamental differences between a toxic and nontoxic strain of A. circinalis, indicating that they are distinct ecotypes.	2
Title: The mechanism of pentabromopseudilin inhibition of myosin motor activity Abstract: We have identified pentabromopseudilin (PBP) as a potent inhibitor of myosin-dependent processes such as isometric tension development and unloaded shortening velocity. PBP-induced reductions in the rate constants for ATP binding, ATP hydrolysis and ADP dissociation extend the time required per myosin ATPase cycle in the absence and presence of actin. Additionally, coupling between the actin and nucleotide binding sites is reduced in the presence of the inhibitor. The selectivity of PBP differs from that observed with other myosin inhibitors. To elucidate the binding mode of PBP, we crystallized the Dictyostelium myosin-2 motor domain in the presence of Mg(2+)-ADP-meta-vanadate and PBP. The electron density for PBP is unambiguous and shows PBP to bind at a previously unknown allosteric site near the tip of the 50-kDa domain, at a distance of 16 A from the nucleotide binding site and 7.5 A away from the blebbistatin binding pocket.	2
Title: Structure—Activity Relationships of Phenyl- and Benzoylpyrroles Abstract: Antitumor, antimicrobial, and phytotoxic activities of the marine antibiotic pentabromopseudilin (1a) and related phenyl-, benzyl- and benzoyl pyrroles were compared. All activities depended strongly on the substituent pattern, with the natural compound 1a being the most active one. As judged from model reactions, a covalent bond of nucleophiles to the pyrrole system may be involved in the inhibition of macromolecular syntheses.	2
Title: The mechanism of pentabromopseudilin inhibition of myosin motor activity Abstract: We have identified pentabromopseudilin (PBP) as a potent inhibitor of myosin-dependent processes such as isometric tension development and unloaded shortening velocity. PBP-induced reductions in the rate constants for ATP binding, ATP hydrolysis and ADP dissociation extend the time required per myosin ATPase cycle in the absence and presence of actin. Additionally, coupling between the actin and nucleotide binding sites is reduced in the presence of the inhibitor. The selectivity of PBP differs from that observed with other myosin inhibitors. To elucidate the binding mode of PBP, we crystallized the Dictyostelium myosin-2 motor domain in the presence of Mg(2+)-ADP-meta-vanadate and PBP. The electron density for PBP is unambiguous and shows PBP to bind at a previously unknown allosteric site near the tip of the 50-kDa domain, at a distance of 16 A from the nucleotide binding site and 7.5 A away from the blebbistatin binding pocket.	2
Title: Structure—Activity Relationships of Phenyl- and Benzoylpyrroles Abstract: Antitumor, antimicrobial, and phytotoxic activities of the marine antibiotic pentabromopseudilin (1a) and related phenyl-, benzyl- and benzoyl pyrroles were compared. All activities depended strongly on the substituent pattern, with the natural compound 1a being the most active one. As judged from model reactions, a covalent bond of nucleophiles to the pyrrole system may be involved in the inhibition of macromolecular syntheses.	2
Title: Chemistry and Antimicrobial Activity of Caryoynencins Analogs Abstract: Caryoynencins (1) are antibiotics isolated from liquid cultures of a plant pathogen, Pseudomonas caryophylli, and are unstable C18 carboxylic acids with a conjugated dienetetrayne structure. Enyne analogs of caryoynencins were synthesized from monosilylated 1,3-butadiyne 2 (n = 2), 1,3,5-hexatriyne 2 (n = 3), and 1,3,5,7-octatetrayne 2 (n = 4) by alkynyl metal addition to 2,4-hexadienal (3) followed by allylic rearrangement and deprotection. Tetraynol 5 (n = 4) thus obtained was resolved by enzyme reactions. The conjugated dienetetrayne compounds are mixtures of 3E,5E- and 3E,5Z-isomers, which equilibrate by room light. 13C-NMR chemical shifts of polyynes obey simple rules, which can be used for signal assignments. Antimicrobial activities of conjugated enynes and related compounds were examined. The tetrayne analog 6 (n = 4) possesses potent antibacterial and antifungal activities, while triyne and diyne analogs 6 (n = 3 and 2) are less active. Chirality does not affect the activities. An isomeric enyne compound, 2,4-tetradecadiene-7,9,11,13-tetrayn-6-ol (8), showed potent activity against Tricophyton.	2
Title: Revisiting the structures of several antibiotics bound to the bacterial ribosome Abstract: The increasing prevalence of antibiotic-resistant pathogens reinforces the need for structures of antibiotic-ribosome complexes that are accurate enough to enable the rational design of novel ribosome-targeting therapeutics. Structures of many antibiotics in complex with both archaeal and eubacterial ribosomes have been determined, yet discrepancies between several of these models have raised the question of whether these differences arise from species-specific variations or from experimental problems. Our structure of chloramphenicol in complex with the 70S ribosome from Thermus thermophilus suggests a model for chloramphenicol bound to the large subunit of the bacterial ribosome that is radically different from the prevailing model. Further, our structures of the macrolide antibiotics erythromycin and azithromycin in complex with a bacterial ribosome are indistinguishable from those determined of complexes with the 50S subunit of Haloarcula marismortui, but differ significantly from the models that have been published for 50S subunit complexes of the eubacterium Deinococcus radiodurans. Our structure of the antibiotic telithromycin bound to the T. thermophilus ribosome reveals a lactone ring with a conformation similar to that observed in the H. marismortui and D. radiodurans complexes. However, the alkyl-aryl moiety is oriented differently in all three organisms, and the contacts observed with the T. thermophilus ribosome are consistent with biochemical studies performed on the Escherichia coli ribosome. Thus, our results support a mode of macrolide binding that is largely conserved across species, suggesting that the quality and interpretation of electron density, rather than species specificity, may be responsible for many of the discrepancies between the models.	2
Title: A specific and versatile genome walking technique Abstract: We describe here a nested PCR-based strategy for genome walking to extend a known sequence region to its uncharacterized flanking regions. This technique involves the use of a partially degenerate primer as a walker primer and a set of nested specific primers to perform two to three successive rounds of nested PCR. To increase the success rate of genome walking, four different walker primers were designed to allow the setup of parallel reactions. This technique was applied to amplify flanking sequences of known genomic loci of two highly divergent photosynthetic organisms, Rhodobacter capsulatus and Heliophilum fasciatum. Specific products were preferentially amplified using this strategy, which were verified using DNA sequencing. The extremely high success rate of extension of genomic regions in these two organisms suggests that this technique can be applied to a wide range of genomes.	2
Title: A soluble, magnesium-independent prenyltransferase catalyzes reverse and regular C-prenylations and O-prenylations of aromatic substrates Abstract: Fnq26 from Streptomyces cinnamonensis DSM 1042 is a new member of the recently identified CloQ/Orf2 class of prenyltransferases. The enzyme was overexpressed in E. coli and purified to apparent homogeneity, resulting in a soluble, monomeric protein of 33.2 kDa. The catalytic activity of Fnq26 is independent of the presence of Mg(2+) or other divalent metal ions. With flaviolin (2,5,7-trihydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone) as substrate, Fnq26 catalyzes the formation of a carbon-carbon-bond between C-3 (rather than C-1) of geranyl diphosphate and C-3 of flaviolin, i.e. an unusual "reverse" prenylation. With 1,3-dihydroxynaphthalene and 4-hydroxybenzoate as substrates Fnq26 catalyzes O-prenylations.	2
Title: Effects of noise exposure and task demand on cardiovascular function Abstract: Cardiovascular effects under various noise-exposure and task-demand conditions were studied among 40 senior highschool students. The subjects consisted of 20 males and 20 females with a mean age of 16.7 +/- 0.7 years. All subjects had equivalent abacus performance ratings. Each subject was tested with a random sequence of six sessions. The time limit set for each session was 33 min. Six experimental sessions were constructed by a random combination of noise exposure (60, 85 or 90 dB (A] white noise) and task demand (task presence or task absence) variables. Blood pressure measures were taken at the beginning and ending phases of each session. A task-demand variable was defined as a conjoint of mental arithmetic (3 min) and abacus arithmetic (30 min). The results from the present study show that the effect of noise exposure on task performance is remarkable. Only noise exposure tended to influence the performance of male students in abacus arithmetic. The effect of task demand on blood pressure was higher than that of noise exposure. No interaction effect (noise exposure x task demand) on blood pressure, was found via analyses of within-subjects two-way ANOVA.	2
Title: Mureidomycins A∼D, novel peptidylnucleoside antibiotics with spheroplast forming activity. II. Structural elucidation Abstract: Structures of new antibiotics, mureidomycins (MRD's) A approximately D, were deduced from spectroscopic analyses and degradation studies. Two residues of m-tyrosine, one residue of 2-amino-3-N-methylaminobutyric acid (AMBA) and methionine are present in all components of the complex. Uracil is contained in MRD's A and C, while dihydrouracil in MRD's B and D. Methionine and m-tyrosine are connected through an ureido bond, and uracil or dihydrouracil is linked to AMBA via enamine sugar moiety. In addition, MRD's C and D contain a glycine residue at the N-terminal.	2
Title: Selective inhibition of the bacterial translocase reaction in peptidoglycan synthesis by mureidomycins Abstract: Mureidomycins (MRDs) A and C inhibited strongly the formation of undecaprenyl pyrophosphoryl N-acetylmuramyl-pentapeptide (lipid intermediate I), which is an intermediate in bacterial peptidoglycan synthesis (50% inhibitory concentration [IC50] of MRD A, 0.05 microgram/ml). However, they did not inhibit the formation of dolichyl pyrophosphoryl N-acetylglucosamine (Dol-p-p-GlcNAc), dolichyl phosphoryl glucose, or dolichyl phosphoryl mannose, the precursors for mammalian glycoprotein synthesis, or the formation in Bacillus subtilis of lipid-linked N-acetylglucosamine for teichoic acid synthesis (IC50s, > 100 micrograms/ml). In contrast, tunicamycin (TCM) inhibited strongly the formation of Dol-p-p-GlcNAc (IC50, 0.03 microgram/ml) but inhibited weakly the formation of bacterial lipid intermediate I (IC50, 44 micrograms/ml). When the effects of MRDs A and C and TCM on the growth of mammalian cells were compared, MRDs did not show any toxicity, even at 1,000 micrograms/ml, whereas TCM inhibited the growth of BALB/3T3 cells at 10 micrograms/ml. On the basis of these results, it was concluded that MRDs are the first specific and potent inhibitors of the translocase reaction in bacterial peptidoglycan synthesis, showing a high level of toxicity against bacteria and a low level of toxicity against mammalian cells. A specific inhibitor of translocase could be a potent antibiotic with highly selective toxicity.	2
Title: Antimycin A mimics a cell-death-inducing Bcl-2 homology domain 3 Abstract: The Bcl-2-related survival proteins confer cellular resistance to a wide range of agents. Bcl-xL-expressing hepatocyte cell lines are resistant to tumour necrosis factor and anti-cancer drugs, but are more sensitive than isogenic control cells to antimycin A, an inhibitor of mitochondrial electron transfer. Computational molecular docking analysis predicted that antimycin A interacts with the Bcl-2 homology domain 3 (BH3)-binding hydrophobic groove of Bcl-xL. We demonstrate that antimycin A and a Bak BH3 peptide bind competitively to recombinant Bcl-2. Antimycin A and BH3 peptide both induce mitochondrial swelling and loss of DeltaPsim on addition to mitochondria expressing Bcl-xL. The 2-methoxy derivative of antimycin A3 is inactive as an inhibitor of cellular respiration but still retains toxicity for Bcl-xL+ cells and mitochondria. Finally, antimycin A inhibits the pore-forming activity of Bcl-x L in synthetic liposomes, demonstrating that a small non-peptide ligand can directly inhibit the function of Bcl-2-related proteins.	2
Title: A designer bleomycin with significantly improved DNA cleavage activity Abstract: The bleomycins (BLMs) are used clinically in combination with a number of other agents for the treatment of several types of tumors, and the BLM, etoposide, and cisplatin treatment regimen cures 90-95% of metastatic testicular cancer patients. BLM-induced pneumonitis is the most feared, dose-limiting side effect of BLM in chemotherapy, which can progress into lung fibrosis and affect up to 46% of the total patient population. There have been continued efforts to develop new BLM analogues in the search for anticancer drugs with better clinical efficacy and lower lung toxicity. We have previously cloned and characterized the biosynthetic gene clusters for BLMs from Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003, tallysomycins from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC31158, and zorbamycin (ZBM) from Streptomyces flavoviridis SB9001. Comparative analysis of the three biosynthetic machineries provided the molecular basis for the formulation of hypotheses to engineer novel analogues. We now report engineered production of three new analogues, 6'-hydroxy-ZBM, BLM Z, and 6'-deoxy-BLM Z and the evaluation of their DNA cleavage activities as a measurement for their potential anticancer activity. Our findings unveiled: (i) the disaccharide moiety plays an important role in the DNA cleavage activity of BLMs and ZBMs, (ii) the ZBM disaccharide significantly enhances the potency of BLM, and (iii) 6'-deoxy-BLM Z represents the most potent BLM analogue known to date. The fact that 6'-deoxy-BLM Z can be produced in reasonable quantities by microbial fermentation should greatly facilitate follow-up mechanistic and preclinical studies to potentially advance this analogue into a clinical drug.	2
Title: Total synthesis and stereochemical assignment of burkholdac b, a depsipeptide HDAC Inhibitor Abstract: Three diastereomers of burkholdac B were prepared by total synthesis, enabling the full stereochemical assignment of the natural product. It is proposed that burkholdac B is identical to thailandepsin A independently isolated by Cheng from the same strain of Burkholderia thailandensis . Burkholdac B is the most potent among depsipeptide histone deacetylase inhibitors in growth inhibition of the MCF7 breast cancer cell line with an IC(50) of 60 pM.	2
Title: Total synthesis of burkholdacs A and B and 5,6,20-tri-epi-burkholdac A: HDAC inhibition and antiproliferative activity Abstract: The bicyclic depsipeptide histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors burkholdacs A and B were efficiently synthesized in a highly convergent and unified manner. The synthesis features the amide coupling of a D-valine-D-cysteine- or D-allo-isoleucine-D-cysteine-containing segment with a D-methionine-containing segment to directly assemble the corresponding seco-acids, key precursors for macrolactonization. Using the same methodology, 5,6,20-tri-epi-burkholdac A was also synthesized. HDAC inhibitory assays and cell-growth inhibition analyses of the synthesized depsipeptides demonstrated the potency order of this class of bicyclic depsipeptides as compared to the clinically approved depsipeptide FK228 (romidepsin). Novel structure-activity relationships within this class of compounds were also revealed.	2
Title: Single chemical modifications of the C-1027 enediyne core, a radiomimetic antitumor drug, affect both drug potency and the role of ataxia-telangiectasia mutated in cellular responses to DNA double-strand breaks Abstract: The radiomimetic enediyne C-1027 induces almost exclusively DNA double-strand breaks (DSB) and is extremely cytotoxic. Unique among radiomimetics, ataxia-telangiectasia mutated (ATM) is dispensable for cellular responses to C-1027-induced DNA damage. This study explores the biological activity of three recently bioengineered C-1027 analogues: 7''-desmethyl-C-1027 (desmethyl), 20'-deschloro-C-1027 (deschloro), and 22'-deshydroxy-C-1027 (deshydroxy). Each compound maintains the characteristic ability of radiomimetics to cleave DNA in cell-free systems, varying in activity from 2-fold (deschloro) to 55-fold (desmethyl) less than C-1027. The induction of cellular DNA breaks based on pulsed field gel electrophoresis, comet analysis, and gammaH2AX activation was in the same rank order as cell-free DNA break induction, although the amount of breaks induced by desmethyl is greatly reduced compared with the other analogues. Despite the disparity in inducing DNA DSBs, all of the analogues produced G2-M cell cycle arrest and activated DNA DSB damage response proteins, such as p53-Ser15 and Chk2-Thr68, at concentrations in concordance with their ability to inhibit cell growth. Interestingly, of the three analogues, only the desmethyl-induced DNA damage response was similar to C-1027, as it did not cause hypersensitive cell growth inhibition in the absence of ATM nor require the kinase to phosphorylate p53 or Chk2. These findings show that simple modifications of the chromophore of C-1027 can result in varied induction of, and cellular response to, DNA DSBs.	2
Title: The mechanism of MIO-based aminomutases in β-amino acid biosynthesis Abstract: Beta-amino acids are widely used building blocks in both natural and synthetic compounds. Aromatic beta-amino acids can be biosynthesized directly from proteinogenic alpha-amino acids by the action of MIO (4-methylideneimidazole-5-one)-based aminomutase enzymes. The uncommon cofactor MIO plays a role in both ammonia lyases and 2,3-aminomutases; however, the precise mechanism of the cofactor has not been resolved. Here we provide evidence that the electrophilic cofactor uses covalent catalysis through the substrate amine to direct the elimination and subsequent readdition of ammonia. A mechanism-based inhibitor was synthesized and the X-ray cocomplex structure was determined to 2.0 A resolution. The inhibitor halts the chemistry of the reverse reaction, providing a stable complex that establishes the mode of substrate binding and the importance of tyrosine 63 in the chemistry. The proposed mechanism is consistent with the biochemistry of aminomutases and ammonia lyases and provides strong support for an amine-adduct mechanism of catalysis for this enzyme class.	2
Title: Calyculins and related marine natural products as serine-threonine protein phosphatase PP1 and PP2A inhibitors and total syntheses of calyculin A, B, and C Abstract: Calyculins, highly cytotoxic polyketides, originally isolated from the marine sponge Discodermia calyx by Fusetani and co-workers, belong to the lithistid sponges group. These molecules have become interesting targets for cell biologists and synthetic organic chemists. The serine/threonine protein phosphatases play an essential role in the cellular signalling, metabolism, and cell cycle control. Calyculins express potent protein phosphatase 1 and 2A inhibitory activity, and have therefore become valuable tools for cellular biologists studying intracellular processes and their control by reversible phosphorylation. Calyculins might also play an important role in the development of several diseases such as cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, and type 2-diabetes mellitus. The fascinating structures of calyculins have inspired various groups of synthetic organic chemists to develop total syntheses of the most abundant calyculins A and C. However, with fifteen chiral centres, a cyano-capped tetraene unit, a phosphate-bearing spiroketal, an anti, anti, anti dipropionate segment, an alpha-chiral oxazole, and a trihydroxylated gamma-amino acid, calyculins reach versatility that only few natural products can surpass, and truly challenge modern chemists' asymmetric synthesis skills.	2
Title: Insight into binding of calyculin A to protein phosphatase 1: Isolation of hemicalyculin A and chemical transformation of calyculin A Abstract: Calyculin A isolated from the marine sponge Discodermia calyx is a potent inhibitor of protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. We attempted to elucidate its mode of binding to the enzymes by examining the activity of natural and chemically transformed derivatives. Ten natural derivatives including a new compound, hemicalyculin A, were provided. The structure of hemicalyculin A, which comprises the southern hemisphere of calyculin A, was firmly established by chemical methods. Six compounds were prepared by selective modifications of functional groups in calyculin A. The enzyme inhibitory activity of these compounds indicated that 17-phosphate, 13-hydroxyl, and the hydrophobic tetraene moieties were all necessary for binding to the enzymes. The derivatives lacking the peptide portion were less cytotoxic even when they possessed full enzyme inhibitory activity.	2
Title: Atypical campylobacters associated with gastroenteritis Abstract: Nine strains of Campylobacter species other than Campylobacter jejuni, Campylobacter coli, and Campylobacter laridis were isolated from patients with acute diarrhea. All nine strains showed preferred growth at 37 degrees C under microaerophilic conditions. Conventional microbiological tests and DNA-DNA dot blotting were used to identify these strains. Three of the nine Campylobacter strains hydrolyzed hippurate, reduced nitrate, produced catalase, were resistant to cephalothin, and were shown to be highly related to C. jejuni type strains. Two strains had negative or weak catalase activity and were hippurate negative. Three other strains had characteristics similar to those of Campylobacter cinaedi. The ninth strain, isolated from a homosexual man with antibodies to human immunodeficiency virus (human T-cell lymphotropic virus type III), showed unique features different from those of all the known campylobacters used in this study. This strain grew well at 25 and 37 degrees C and was catalase and nitrate positive, hippurate negative, and resistant to cephalothin.	2
Title: Antillatoxin and kalkitoxin, ichthyotoxins from the tropical cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula, induce distinct temporal patterns of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotoxicity Abstract: Curacin-A, antillatoxin and kalkitoxin, natural products from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula, were tested for neurotoxicity in primary cultures of rat cerebellar granule neurons. Curacin-A was non-toxic, whereas antillatoxin and kalkitoxin produced concentration-dependent cytotoxicity with LC50 values of 20.1+/-6.4 and 3.86+/-1.91 nM, respectively. Antillatoxin neurotoxicity was produced acutely, whereas kalkitoxin caused a delayed neurotoxic response. The cytotoxicity produced by both antillatoxin and kalkitoxin was prevented by the non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonists dextrorphan and MK-801.	2
Title: Structure-activity analysis of the interaction of curacin A, the potent colchicine site antimitotic agent, with tubulin and effects of analogs on the growth of MCF-7 breast cancer cells Abstract: Originally purified as a major lipid component of a strain of the cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula isolated in Curaçao, curacin A is a potent inhibitor of cell growth and mitosis, binding rapidly and tightly at the colchicine site of tubulin. Because its molecular structure differs so greatly from that of colchicine and other colchicine site inhibitors, we prepared a series of curacin A analogs to determine the important structural features of the molecule. These modifications include reduction and E-to-Z transitions of the olefinic bonds in the 14-carbon side chain of the molecule; disruption of and configurational changes in the cyclopropyl moiety; disruption, oxidation, and configurational reversal in the thiazoline moiety; configurational reversal and substituent modifications at C13; and demethylation at C10. Inhibitory effects on tubulin assembly, the binding of colchicine to tubulin, and the growth of MCF-7 human breast carcinoma cells were examined. The most important portions of curacin A required for its interaction with tubulin seem to be the thiazoline ring and the side chain at least through C4, the portion of the side chain including the C9-C10 olefinic bond, and the C10 methyl group. Only two modifications totally eliminated the tubulin-drug interaction. The inactive compounds were a segment containing most of the side chain, including its two substituents, and analogs in which the methyl group at the C13 oxygen atom was replaced by a benzoate residue. Antiproliferative activity comparable with that observed with curacin A was only reproduced in compounds that were potent inhibitors of the binding of colchicine to tubulin. Molecular modeling and quantitative structure-activity relationship studies demonstrated that most active analogs overlapped extensively with curacin A but failed to provide an explanation for the apparent structural analogy between curacin A and colchicine.	2
Title: Crystal structure of the ECH2 catalytic domain of CurF from Lyngbya majuscula: Insights into a decarboxylase involved in polyketide chain β-branching Abstract: Curacin A is a mixed polyketide/nonribosomal peptide possessing anti-mitotic and anti-proliferative activity. In the biosynthesis of curacin A, the N-terminal domain of the CurF multifunctional protein catalyzes decarboxylation of 3-methylglutaconyl-acyl carrier protein (ACP) to 3-methylcrotonyl-ACP, the postulated precursor of the cyclopropane ring of curacin A. This decarboxylase is encoded within an "HCS cassette" that is used by several other polyketide biosynthetic systems to generate chemical diversity by introduction of a beta-branch functional group to the natural product. The crystal structure of the CurF N-terminal ECH(2) domain establishes that the protein is a crotonase superfamily member. Ala(78) and Gly(118) form an oxyanion hole in the active site that includes only three polar side chains as potential catalytic residues. Site-directed mutagenesis and a biochemical assay established critical functions for His(240) and Lys(86), whereas Tyr(82) was nonessential. A decarboxylation mechanism is proposed in which His(240) serves to stabilize the substrate carboxylate and Lys(86) donates a proton to C-4 of the acyl-ACP enolate intermediate to form the Delta(2) unsaturated isopentenoyl-ACP product. The CurF ECH(2) domain showed a 20-fold selectivity for ACP-over CoA-linked substrates. Specificity for ACP-linked substrates has not been reported for any other crotonase superfamily decarboxylase. Tyr(73) may select against CoA-linked substrates by blocking a contact of Arg(38) with the CoA adenosine 5'-phosphate.	2
Title: Conformational switch triggered by α-ketoglutarate in a halogenase of curacin a biosynthesis Abstract: The CurA halogenase (Hal) catalyzes a cryptic chlorination leading to cyclopropane ring formation in the synthesis of the natural product curacin A. Hal belongs to a family of enzymes that use Fe(2+), O(2) and alpha-ketoglutarate (alphaKG) to perform a variety of halogenation reactions in natural product biosynthesis. Crystal structures of the enzyme in five ligand states reveal strikingly different open and closed conformations dependent on alphaKG binding. The open form represents ligand-free enzyme, preventing substrate from entering the active site until both alphaKG and chloride are bound, while the closed form represents the holoenzyme with alphaKG and chloride coordinated to iron. Candidate amino acid residues involved in substrate recognition were identified by site-directed mutagenesis. These new structures provide direct evidence of a conformational switch driven by alphaKG leading to chlorination of an early pathway intermediate.	2
Title: Cytochalasin E, an epoxide containing Aspergillus-derived fungal metabolite, inhibits angiogenesis and tumor growth Abstract: Several previously identified inhibitors of angiogenesis have been epoxide-containing fungus-derived metabolites. We therefore hypothesized that novel epoxide-containing low molecular weight compounds structurally resembling known antiangiogenic agents may also exhibit antiangiogenic activity. Cytochalasin E was found to be a potent and selective inhibitor of bovine capillary endothelial (BCE) cell proliferation. Cytochalasin E differed from other cytochalasins by the presence of an epoxide. The epoxide was required for activity, because acid-catalyzed hydrolysis of the epoxide abrogated the specificity and potency of cytochalasin E. Phalloidin staining indicated that disruption of actin stress fibers by cytochalasin E occurred only at relatively high concentrations. Lower concentrations of cytochalasin E preferentially inhibited BCE cell proliferation without disrupting actin stress fibers. In vivo, cytochalasin E inhibited angiogenesis induced by basic fibroblast growth factor by 40% to 50% in the mouse cornea assay and inhibited the growth of Lewis lung tumors by approximately 72%. Cytochalasin E is a potent antiangiogenic agent that may hold promise for the treatment of cancer and other types of pathologic angiogenesis.	2
Title: Gold biomineralization by a metallophore from a gold-associated microbe Abstract: Microorganisms produce and secrete secondary metabolites to assist in their survival. We report that the gold resident bacterium Delftia acidovorans produces a secondary metabolite that protects from soluble gold through the generation of solid gold forms. This finding is the first demonstration that a secreted metabolite can protect against toxic gold and cause gold biomineralization.	2
Title: An FAD-Dependent Pyridine Nucleotide-Disulfide Oxidoreductase Is Involved in Disulfide Bond Formation in FK228 Anticancer Depsipeptide Abstract: Disulfide bonds are rare in bacterial natural products, and the mechanism of disulfide bond formation in those products is unknown. Here we characterize a gene and its product critical for a disulfide bond formation in FK228 anticancer depsipeptide in Chromobacterium violaceum. Deletion of depH drastically reduced FK228 production, whereas complementation of the depH-deletion mutant with a copy of depH on a medium copy-number plasmid not only fully restored the FK228 production but also significantly increased the FK228 yield. Purified 6xHis-tagged DepH fusion protein in native form is a homodimer of 71.0 kDa, with each monomer containing one molecule of FAD. DepH efficiently converts an immediate FK228 precursor to FK228 in the presence of NADP(+). We conclude that DepH is an FAD-dependent pyridine nucleotide-disulfide oxidoreductase, specifically and efficiently catalyzing a disulfide bond formation in FK228.	2
Title: Structure and absolute stereochemistry of hectochlorin, a potent stimulator of actin assembly Abstract: Hectochlorin (1) was isolated from marine isolates of Lyngbya majuscula collected from Hector Bay, Jamaica, and Boca del Drago Beach, Bocas del Toro, Panama. The planar structure was deduced by one- and two-dimensional NMR spectroscopy. X-ray crystallography was used to determine the absolute stereochemistry of hectochlorin as 2S,3S,14S,22S. Hectochlorin is equipotent to jasplakinolide (5) in its ability to promote actin polymerization, but unlike jasplakinolide, is unable to displace a fluorescent phalloidin analogue from polymerized actin. In addition, hectochlorin shows both a unique profile of cytotoxicity by the COMPARE algorithm and potent inhibitory activity toward the fungus Candida albicans. Structurally, hectochlorin resembles dolabellin and the recently reported lyngbyabellin class of compounds.	2
Title: Broad substrate specificity of the loading didomain of the lipomycin polyketide synthase Abstract: LipPks1, a polyketide synthase subunit of the lipomycin synthase, is believed to catalyze the polyketide chain initiation reaction using isobutyryl-CoA as a substrate, followed by an elongation reaction with methylmalonyl-CoA to start the biosynthesis of antibiotic α-lipomycin in Streptomyces aureofaciens Tü117. Recombinant LipPks1, containing the thioesterase domain from the 6-deoxyerythronolide B synthase, was produced in Escherichia coli, and its substrate specificity was investigated in vitro. Surprisingly, several different acyl-CoAs, including isobutyryl-CoA, were accepted as the starter substrates, while no product was observed with acetyl-CoA. These results demonstrate the broad substrate specificity of LipPks1 and may be applied to producing new antibiotics.	2
Title: Lobophorins e and F, new spirotetronate antibiotics from a South China Sea-derived Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 01127 Abstract: The strain SCSIO 01127, isolated from the South China Sea sediment, was identified as a member of Streptomyces by the 16S rDNA sequence analysis. Two new spirotetronate antibiotics lobophorins E (1) and F (2), along with two known analogs lobophorins A (3) and B (4), were isolated from Streptomyces sp. SCSIO 01127. Their structures were elucidated on the basis of detailed IR, NMR and MS spectroscopic analyses. The new compound lobophorin F (2) showed antibacterial activities against Staphylococcus aureus ATCC 29213 and Enterococcus faecalis ATCC 29212 with MIC values of 8 μg ml(-1) for both the strains, better than that of lobophorin B (4). Lobophorin F (2) also displayed better cytotoxic activities than lobophorin B (4), with IC(50) of 6.82, 2.93 and 3.16 μM against SF-268, MCF-7 and NCI-H460, respectively.	2
Title: Biochemical Dissection of the Natural Diversification of Microcystin Provides Lessons for Synthetic Biology of NRPS Abstract: The cyanobacterial hepatotoxin microcystin is assembled at a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) complex. The enormous structural diversity of this peptide, which is also found in closely related strains, is the result of frequent recombination events and point mutations. Here, we have compared the in vitro activation profiles of related monospecific and multispecific modules that either strictly incorporate leucine or arginine or incorporate chemically diverse amino acids in parallel into microcystin. By analyzing di- and tri-domain proteins we have dissected the role of adenylation and condensation domains for substrate specificity. We have further analyzed the role of subdomains and provide evidence for an extended gatekeeping function for the condensation domains of multispecific modules. By reproducing natural point mutations, we could convert a monospecific module into a multispecific module. Our findings may inspire novel synthetic biology approaches and demonstrate how recombination platforms of NRPSs have developed in nature.	2
Title: Genetic Manipulation of the Pneumocandin Biosynthetic Pathway for Generation of Analogues and Evaluation of Their Antifungal Activity Abstract: Pneumocandins are lipohexapeptides of the echinocandin family that potently interrupt fungal cell wall biogenesis by noncompetitive inhibition of 1,3-β-glucan synthase. The pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster was previously elucidated by whole genome sequencing. In addition to the core nonribosomal peptide synthetase and polyketide synthase (GLNRPS4 and GLPKS4), the pneumocandin biosynthetic cluster includes two P450-type hemeprotein monooxygenase genes (GLP450-1 and GLP450-2) and four nonheme mononuclear iron oxygenase genes (GLOXY1, GLOXY2, GLOXY3, and GLOXY4), which function to biosynthesize and create the unusual sequence of hydroxylated amino acids of the mature pneumocandin peptide. Insertional inactivation of three of these genes (GLP450-1, GLP450-2, and GLOXY1) generated 13 different pneumocandin analogues that lack one, two, three, or four hydroxyl groups on 4R,5R-dihydroxy-ornithine and 3S,4S-dihydroxy-homotyrosine of the parent hexapeptide. Among them, seven analogues are previously unreported genetically engineered pneumocandins whose structures were established by NMR experiments. These new pneumocandins afforded a unique opportunity for side-by-side exploration of the effects of hydroxylation on pneumocandin antifungal activity. All of these cyclic lipopeptides showed potent antifungal activities, and two new metabolites pneumocandins F (3) and G (4) were more potent in vitro against Candida species and Aspergillus fumigatus than the principal fermentation products, pneumocandins A0 and B0.	2
Title: Engineering of Glarea lozoyensis for exclusive production of the pneumocandin B0 precursor of the antifungal drug caspofungin acetate Abstract: Pneumocandins produced by the fungus Glarea lozoyensis are acylated cyclic hexapeptides of the echinocandin family. Pneumocandin B0 is the starting molecule for the first semisynthetic echinocandin antifungal drug, caspofungin acetate. In the wild-type strain, pneumocandin B0 is a minor fermentation product, and its industrial production was achieved by a combination of extensive mutation and medium optimization. The pneumocandin biosynthetic gene cluster was previously elucidated by a whole-genome sequencing approach. Knowledge of the biosynthetic cluster suggested an alternative way to produce exclusively pneumocandin B0. Disruption of GLOXY4, encoding a nonheme, α-ketoglutarate-dependent oxygenase, confirmed its involvement in l-leucine cyclization to form 4S-methyl-l-proline. The absence of 4S-methyl-l-proline abolishes pneumocandin A0 production, and 3S-hydroxyl-l-proline occupies the hexapeptide core's position 6, resulting in exclusive production of pneumocandin B0. Retrospective analysis of the GLOXY4 gene in a previously isolated pneumocandin B0-exclusive mutant (ATCC 74030) indicated that chemical mutagenesis disrupted the GLOXY4 gene function by introducing two amino acid mutations in GLOXY4. This one-step genetic manipulation can rationally engineer a high-yield production strain.	2
Title: Azaspirene, a fungal product, inhibits angiogenesis by blocking Raf-1 activation Abstract: Angiogenesis is an inevitable event in tumor progression and metastasis, and thus has been a compelling target for cancer therapy in recent years. Effective inhibition of tumor progression and metastasis could become a promising way to treat tumor-induced angiogenesis. We discovered that a fungus, Neosartorya sp., isolated from a soil sample, produced a new angiogenesis inhibitor, which we designated azaspirene. Azaspirene was previously shown to inhibit human umbilical vein endothelial cell (HUVEC) migration induced by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) at an effective dose, 100% of 27 micromol/L without significant cell toxicity. In the present study, we investigated the antiangiogenic activity of azaspirene in vivo. Azaspirene treatment reduced the number of tumor-induced blood vessels. Administration of azaspirene at 30 microg/egg resulted in inhibition of angiogenesis (23.6-45.3% maximum inhibition relative to the controls) in a chicken chorioallantoic membrane assay. Next, we elucidated the molecular mechanism of antiangiogenesis of azaspirene. We investigated the effects of azaspirene on VEGF-induced activation of the mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathway in HUVEC. In vitro experiments indicated that azaspirene suppressed Raf-1 activation induced by VEGF without affecting the activation of kinase insert domain-containing receptor/fetal liver kinase 1 (VEGF receptor 2). Additionally, azaspirene preferentially inhibited the growth of HUVEC but not that of the non-vascular endothelial cells NIH3T3, HeLa, MSS31, and MCF-7. Taken together, these results demonstrate that azaspirene is a novel inhibitor of angiogenesis and Raf-1 activation that contains a unique carbon skeleton in its molecular structure.	2
Title: Discovery and development of the anticancer agent salinosporamide A (NPI-0052) Abstract: The discovery of the anticancer agent salinosporamide A (NPI-0052) resulted from the exploration of new marine environments and a commitment to the potential of the ocean to yield new natural products for drug discovery and development. Driving the success of this process was the linkage of academic research together with the ability and commitment of industry to undertake drug development and provide the resources and expertise to advance the entry of salinosporamide A (NPI-0052) into human clinical trials. This paper offers a chronicle of the important events that facilitated the rapid clinical development of this exciting molecule.	2
Title: Structure-activity relationship studies of salinosporamide A (NPI-0052), a novel marine derived proteasome inhibitor Abstract: Salinosporamide A (1, NPI-0052) is a potent proteasome inhibitor in development for treating cancer. In this study, a series of analogues was assayed for cytotoxicity, proteasome inhibition, and inhibition of NF-kappaB activation. Marked reductions in potency in cell-based assays accompanied replacement of the chloroethyl group with unhalogenated substituents. Halogen exchange and cyclohexene ring epoxidation were well tolerated, while some stereochemical modifications significantly attenuated activity. These findings provide insights into structure-activity relationships within this novel series.	2
Title: BlmB and TlmB provide resistance to the bleomycin family of antitumor antibiotics by N-acetylating metal-free bleomycin, tallysomycin, phleomycin, and zorbamycin Abstract: The bleomycin (BLM) family of glycopeptide-derived antitumor antibiotics consists of BLMs, tallysomycins (TLMs), phleomycins (PLMs), and zorbamycin (ZBM). The self-resistant elements BlmB and TlmB, discovered from the BLM- and TLM-producing organisms Streptomyces verticillus ATCC15003 and Streptoalloteichus hindustanus E465-94 ATCC31158, respectively, are N-acetyltransferases that provide resistance to the producers by disrupting the metal-binding domain of the antibiotics required for activity. Although each member of the BLM family of antibiotics possesses a conserved metal-binding domain, the structural differences between each member, namely, the bithiazole moiety and C-terminal amine of BLMs, have been suggested to instill substrate specificity within BlmB. Here we report that BlmB and TlmB readily accept and acetylate BLMs, TLMs, PLMs, and ZBM in vitro but only in the metal-free forms. Kinetic analysis of BlmB and TlmB reveals there is no strong preference or rate enhancement for specific substrates, indicating that the structural differences between each member of the BLM family play a negligible role in substrate recognition, binding, or catalysis. Intriguingly, the zbm gene cluster from Streptomyces flavoviridis ATCC21892 does not contain an N-acetyltransferase, yet ZBM is readily acetylated by BlmB and TlmB. We subsequently established that S. flavoviridis lacks the homologue of BlmB and TlmB, and ZbmA, the ZBM-binding protein, alone is sufficient to provide ZBM resistance. We further confirmed that BlmB can indeed confer resistance to ZBM in vivo in S. flavoviridis, introduction of which into wild-type S. flavoviridis further increases the level of resistance.	2
Title: Improved production of the tallysomycin H-1 in Streptoalloteichus hindustanus SB8005 strain by fermentation optimization Abstract: Tallysomycin (TLM) H-1, a novel TLM analog, is the major product isolated from Streptoalloteichus hindustanus SB8005, a genetically engineered strain from S. hindustanus E465-94 ATCC 31158. Based on the structural comparison and experimental assays, TLM H-1 represents a novel bleomycin (BLM) analog displaying DNA cleavage activity similar to its parent compounds TLM and BLM, both representatives of the glycopeptide anticancer antibiotics. The low titer of TLM H-1 in the engineered SB8005 strain has greatly limited its further study. In this paper, fermentation optimization for TLM H-1 production in the SB8005 strain is described; single-factor optimization and response surface methodology proved invaluable. The results indicated that three variables including distiller's grains and solubles, copper sulfate, and maltose out of eight parameters could significantly influence the TLM H-1 production. With systematic comparison and evaluation, the final optimized fermentation medium was determined. The optimized yield of TLM H-1 in the bench-top fermentor was 249.9 mg/L, which is 26.8 times higher than reported using the original medium, and 12.9-fold higher than that of the parent compound TLM produced by the wild-type strain. This work provides important parameters for TLM H-1 production by fermentation and should facilitate further mechanistic studies and clinical developments of TLM H-1 as an anticancer agent.	2
Title: Thalassospiramides A and B, immunosuppressive peptides from the marine bacterium thalassospira sp. Abstract: [structure: see text] Two new cyclic peptides, thalassospiramides A and B (1 and 2), were isolated from a new member of the marine alpha-proteobacterium Thalassospira. The thalassospiramides, the structures of which were assigned by combined spectral and chemical methods, bear unusual gamma-amino acids and show immunosuppressive activity in an interleukin-5 production inhibition assay (IC50 = 5 muM for thalassospiramide B).	2
Title: Linear and cyclic peptides from the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophilus Abstract: Three new peptides, xenortides A and B and xenematide, were isolated from a culture of the nematode-associated entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophilus. Their structures were elucidated using NMR, MS, and chemical derivatization methods. Xenortides A and B are the N-phenethylamide and tryptamide derivatives, respectively, of the dipeptide (NMe-L-Leu-NMe-L-Phe). The cyclodepsipeptide xenematide has the sequence (Thr-Trp-Trp-Gly), with a 2-phenylacetamide substituent at the threonine residue and one d-tryptophan. The new peptides and the two known compounds xenocoumacin II and nematophin were tested for antibacterial, antifungal, insecticidal, and anti-Artemia salina activities. Xenematide and xenocoumacin II showed moderate antibacterial activities. Xenocoumacin II, nematophin, and the two xenortides were active in the Artemia salina assay, and xenematide acted weakly insecticidal.	2
Title: Specific regions of genome plasticity and genetic diversity of the commensal Escherichia coli A0 34/86 Abstract: Escherichia coli A0 34/86 (O83:K24:H31) is a commensal strain that has been used for prophylactic and therapeutic colonization of the intestine of newborn infants. To identify traits specific for E. coli A0 34/86, we used a minimal tiling set of 148 BAC clones of A0 34/86 genomic DNA, to construct restriction-digested BAC arrays. Hybridization with genomic DNA from four E. coli strains (CFT073; O157:H7; K12 and Nissle 1917) allowed selection of two BAC clones that were sequenced to identify A0 34/86-specific regions. Genes for the yersiniabactin siderophore system, several proteins homologous to Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium vitamin B12 synthesis proteins, as well as genes necessary for the degradation of propanediol, the pix fimbriae determinant and genes coding for a putative phosphoglycerate transport system present also on pathogenicity island V of E. coli strain 536 were all identified in E. coli A0 34/86. This comparative analysis underlines the important genome heterogeneity between E. coli strains.	2
Title: Characterization of a luxI/luxR-type quorum sensing system and N-acyl-homoserine lactone-dependent regulation of exo-enzyme and antibacterial component production in Serratia plymuthica RVH1 Abstract: Quorum sensing by means of N-acyl-l-homoserine lactones (AHLs) is widespread in Gram-negative bacteria, where diverse AHLs influence a wide variety of functions, even in a single genus such as Serratia. Here we report the identification and characterization of the quorum sensing system of Serratia plymuthica strain RVH1. This strain isolated from a raw vegetable processing line produces at least three AHLs which were identified as N-butanoyl- (C4-HSL), N-hexanoyl- (C6-HSL) and N-(3-oxo-hexanoyl)-homoserine lactone (3-oxo-C6-HSL). The identified LuxI homolog SplI synthesizes 3-oxo-C6-HSL, and influences the production of C4-HSL and C6-HSL, as splI gene inactivation resulted in loss of 3-oxo-C6-HSL production and smaller amounts of C4-HSL and C6-HSL produced. SplI-dependent quorum sensing controls 2,3-butanediol fermentation (previously reported) and the production of an extracellular chitinase, nuclease, protease and antibacterial compound. The identity of the latter is not yet elucidated, but appears to be different from the known antibacterial compounds produced by Serratia strains. SplR, the homolog of the LuxR regulator, appears to act as a repressor of synthesis of extracellular enzymes and antibacterial compound and to autorepress its own expression, probably by binding to a 21bp lux box sequence.	2
Title: Role of quorum sensing and antimicrobial component production by Serratia plymuthica in formation of biofilms, including mixed biofilms with Escherichia coli Abstract: We have previously characterized the N-acyl-l-homoserine lactone-based quorum-sensing system of the biofilm isolate Serratia plymuthica RVH1. Here we investigated the role of quorum sensing and of quorum-sensing-dependent production of an antimicrobial compound (AC) on biofilm formation by RVH1 and on the cocultivation of RVH1 and Escherichia coli in planktonic cultures or in biofilms. Biofilm formation of S. plymuthica was not affected by the knockout of splI or splR, the S. plymuthica homologs of the luxI or luxR quorum-sensing gene, respectively, or by the knockout of AC production. E. coli grew well in mixed broth culture with RVH1 until the latter reached 8.5 to 9.5 log CFU/ml, after which the E. coli colony counts steeply declined. In comparison, only a very small decline occurred in cocultures with the S. plymuthica AC-deficient and splI mutants. Complementation with exogenous N-hexanoyl-l-homoserine lactone rescued the wild-type phenotype of the splI mutant. The splR knockout mutant also induced a steep decline of E. coli, consistent with its proposed function as a repressor of quorum-sensing-regulated genes. The numbers of E. coli in 3-day-old mixed biofilms followed a similar pattern, being higher with S. plymuthica deficient in SplI or AC production than with wild-type S. plymuthica, the splR mutant, or the splI mutant in the presence of N-hexanoyl-l-homoserine lactone. Confocal laser scanning microscopic analysis of mixed biofilms established with strains producing different fluorescent proteins showed that E. coli microcolonies were less developed in the presence of RVH1 than in the presence of the AC-deficient mutant.	2
Title: The zeamine antibiotics affect the integrity of bacterial membranes Abstract: The zeamines (zeamine, zeamine I, and zeamine II) constitute an unusual class of cationic polyamine-polyketide-nonribosomal peptide antibiotics produced by Serratia plymuthica RVH1. They exhibit potent bactericidal activity, killing a broad range of Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria, including multidrug-resistant pathogens. Examination of their specific mode of action and molecular target revealed that the zeamines affect the integrity of cell membranes. The zeamines provoke rapid release of carboxyfluorescein from unilamellar vesicles with different phospholipid compositions, demonstrating that they can interact directly with the lipid bilayer in the absence of a specific target. DNA, RNA, fatty acid, and protein biosynthetic processes ceased simultaneously at subinhibitory levels of the antibiotics, presumably as a direct consequence of membrane disruption. The zeamine antibiotics also facilitated the uptake of small molecules, such as 1-N-phenylnaphtylamine, indicating their ability to permeabilize the Gram-negative outer membrane (OM). The valine-linked polyketide moiety present in zeamine and zeamine I was found to increase the efficiency of this process. In contrast, translocation of the large hydrophilic fluorescent peptidoglycan binding protein PBDKZ-GFP was not facilitated, suggesting that the zeamines cause subtle perturbation of the OM rather than drastic alterations or defined pore formation. At zeamine concentrations above those required for growth inhibition, membrane lysis occurred as indicated by time-lapse microscopy. Together, these findings show that the bactericidal activity of the zeamines derives from generalized membrane permeabilization, which likely is initiated by electrostatic interactions with negatively charged membrane components.	2
Title: Glycopeptide antitumor antibiotic zorbamycin from Streptomyces flavoviridis ATCC 21892: Strain improvement and structure elucidation Abstract: Zorbamycin (1, ZBM) is a glycopeptide antitumor antibiotic first reported in 1971. The partial structures of 1 were speculated on the basis of its acid hydrolysis products, but the structure of the intact molecule has never been established. The low titer of 1 from the wild-type strain, combined with its acid-instability, has so far hampered its isolation. By random mutagenesis of Streptomyces flavoviridis ATCC21892, a wild-type producer of 1, with UV irradiation, two high-producing strains of 1, S. flavoviridis SB9000 and SB9001, were isolated. Under the optimized fermentation conditions, these two strains produced about 10 mg/L of 1, which was about 10-fold higher than the wild-type ATCC21892 strain, as estimated by HPLC analysis. Finally, 1 was isolated as both a 1-Cu complex and Cu-free molecule, and the intact structure of 1 was established on the basis of a combination of mass spectrometry and 1H and 13C NMR spectroscopic analyses.	2
Title: Polyketomycin, a new antibiotic from streptomyces sp. MK277-AF1. I. Taxonomy, production, isolation, physico-chemical properties and biological activities Abstract: A new antibiotic designated polyketomycin was isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. MK277-AF1. It was purified by ethyl acetate extraction, Sephadex LH-20 column chromatography and centrifugal partition chromatography (CPC). It inhibited growth of Gram-positive bacteria including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Its MICs were less than 0.2 microgram/ml. Polyketomycin exhibited cytotoxic activity against nine tumor cell lines at concentrations of 0.9-5.2 micrograms/ml.	2
Title: Polyketomycin, a new antibiotic from Streptomyces sp. MK277-AF1. II. Structure determination Abstract: A new antibiotic, polyketomycin, was isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. MK277-AF1. The structure was determined by various NMR spectroscopies, X-ray crystallographic analysis and degradation experiments.	2
Title: The AT2 domain of KirCI loads malonyl extender units to the ACPs of the kirromycin PKS Abstract: The antibiotic kirromycin is assembled by a hybrid modular polyketide synthases (PKSs)/nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs). Five of six PKSs of this complex assembly line do not have acyltransferase (AT) and have to recruit this activity from discrete AT enzymes. Here, we show that KirCI is a discrete AT which is involved in kirromycin production and displays a rarely found three-domain architecture (AT₁-AT₂-ER). We demonstrate that the second AT domain, KirCI-AT₂, but not KirCI-AT₁, is the malonyl-CoA-specific AT which utilizes this precursor for loading the acyl carrier proteins (ACPs) of the trans-AT PKS in vitro. In the kirromycin biosynthetic pathway, ACP5 is exclusively loaded with ethylmalonate by the enzyme KirCII and is not recognized as a substrate by KirCI. Interestingly, the excised KirCI-AT₂ can also transfer malonate to ACP5 and thus has a relaxed ACP-specificity compared to the entire KirCI protein. The ability of KirCI-AT₂ to load different ACPs provides opportunities for AT engineering as a potential strategy for polyketide diversification.	2
Title: A new crystal structure of the bifunctional antibiotic simocyclinone D8 bound to DNA gyrase gives fresh insight into the mechanism of inhibition Abstract: Simocyclinone D8 (SD8) is an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces antibioticus that targets DNA gyrase. A previous structure of SD8 complexed with the N-terminal domain of the DNA gyrase A protein (GyrA) suggested that four SD8 molecules stabilized a tetramer of the protein; subsequent mass spectrometry experiments suggested that a protein dimer with two symmetry-related SD8s was more likely. This work describes the structures of a further truncated form of the GyrA N-terminal domain fragment with and without SD8 bound. The structure with SD8 has the two SD8 molecules bound within the same GyrA dimer. This new structure is entirely consistent with the mutations in GyrA that confer SD8 resistance and, by comparison with a new apo structure of the GyrA N-terminal domain, reveals the likely conformation changes that occur upon SD8 binding and the detailed mechanism of SD8 inhibition of gyrase. Isothermal titration calorimetry experiments are consistent with the crystallography results and further suggest that a previously observed complex between SD8 and GyrB is ~1000-fold weaker than the interaction with GyrA.	2
Title: Inhibition of human topoisomerases i and II by simocyclinone D8 Abstract: Simocyclinone D8 is an antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040 that inhibits the supercoiling activity of DNA gyrase. It also exhibits an inhibitory effect on human topoisomerase II and an antiproliferative activity against some cancer cell lines. Our biochemical studies have revealed that simocyclinone D8 can inhibit the catalytic activity of human topoisomerase I. Thus, simocyclinone D8 is a dual catalytic inhibitor of human topoisomerases I and II.	2
Title: The crystal structure of the TetR family transcriptional repressor SimR bound to DNA and the role of a flexible N-terminal extension in minor groove binding Abstract: SimR, a TetR-family transcriptional regulator (TFR), controls the export of simocyclinone, a potent DNA gyrase inhibitor made by Streptomyces antibioticus. Simocyclinone is exported by a specific efflux pump, SimX and the transcription of simX is repressed by SimR, which binds to two operators in the simR-simX intergenic region. The DNA-binding domain of SimR has a classical helix-turn-helix motif, but it also carries an arginine-rich N-terminal extension. Previous structural studies showed that the N-terminal extension is disordered in the absence of DNA. Here, we show that the N-terminal extension is sensitive to protease cleavage, but becomes protease resistant upon binding DNA. We demonstrate by deletion analysis that the extension contributes to DNA binding, and describe the crystal structure of SimR bound to its operator sequence, revealing that the N-terminal extension binds in the minor groove. In addition, SimR makes a number of sequence-specific contacts to the major groove via its helix-turn-helix motif. Bioinformatic analysis shows that an N-terminal extension rich in positively charged residues is a feature of the majority of TFRs. Comparison of the SimR-DNA and SimR-simocyclinone complexes reveals that the conformational changes associated with ligand-mediated derepression result primarily from rigid-body rotation of the subunits about the dimer interface.	2
Title: Simocyclinone D8, an inhibitor of DNA gyrase with a novel mode of action Abstract: We have characterized the interaction of a new class of antibiotics, simocyclinones, with bacterial DNA gyrase. Even though their structures include an aminocoumarin moiety, a key feature of novobiocin, coumermycin A(1), and clorobiocin, which also target gyrase, simocyclinones behave strikingly differently from these compounds. Simocyclinone D8 is a potent inhibitor of gyrase supercoiling, with a 50% inhibitory concentration lower than that of novobiocin. However, it does not competitively inhibit the DNA-independent ATPase reaction of GyrB, which is characteristic of other aminocoumarins. Simocyclinone D8 also inhibits DNA relaxation by gyrase but does not stimulate cleavage complex formation, unlike quinolones, the other major class of gyrase inhibitors; instead, it abrogates both Ca(2+)- and quinolone-induced cleavage complex formation. Binding studies suggest that simocyclinone D8 interacts with the N-terminal domain of GyrA. Taken together, our results demonstrate that simocyclinones inhibit an early step of the gyrase catalytic cycle by preventing binding of the enzyme to DNA. This is a novel mechanism for a gyrase inhibitor and presents new possibilities for antibacterial drug development.	2
Title: Simocyclinones: Diversity of metabolites is dependent on fermentation conditions Abstract: Simocyclinones, a novel group of angucyclinone antibiotics, are produced by Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040. The compounds show antibacterial and antitumor properties. In submerged cultivation, the production of simocyclinones is strongly dependent on the carbon and nitrogen sources used in a chemically defined medium. Productivity of distinct components and diversity of simocyclinone compounds are influenced by the medium composition. Four series of simocyclinone compounds were detected by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) diode array detector (DAD) and HPLC electrospray ionization (ESI) mass spectrometry (MS) analysis, isolated and the structures determined by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) techniques. Under optimized conditions, simocyclinone D8 was produced in an amount of 300 mg l(-1) and simocyclinone C4 in a concentration up to 50 mg l(-1).	2
Title: Structures of the tetr-like simocyclinone efflux pump repressor, SimR, and the mechanism of ligand-mediated derepression Abstract: Simocyclinone D8 (SD8), a potent DNA gyrase inhibitor made by Streptomyces antibioticus, is exported from the producing organism by the SimX efflux pump. The expression of simX is under the control of SimR, a member of the TetR family of transcriptional regulators. SimR represses simX transcription by binding to operators in the intergenic region between simR and simX. Previously, we have shown that the mature antibiotic SD8 or its biosynthetic intermediate, simocyclinone C4, can dissociate SimR from its operators, leading to derepression of simX and export of SD8 from the cell. This provides a mechanism that couples the biosynthesis of the antibiotic to its export. Here, we report the crystal structures of SimR alone and in complex with either SD8 or simocyclinone C4. The ligand-binding pocket is unusual compared to those of other characterized TetR-family transcriptional regulators: the structures show an extensive ligand-binding pocket spanning both monomers in the functional dimeric unit, with the aminocoumarin moiety of SD8 buried in the protein core, while the angucyclic polyketide moiety is partially exposed to bulk solvent. Through comparisons of the structures, we postulate a derepression mechanism for SimR that invokes rigid-body motions of the subunits relative to one another, coupled with a putative locking mechanism to restrict further conformational change.	2
Title: A crystal structure of the bifunctional antibiotic simocyclinone D8, bound to DNA gyrase Abstract: Simocyclinones are bifunctional antibiotics that inhibit bacterial DNA gyrase by preventing DNA binding to the enzyme. We report the crystal structure of the complex formed between the N-terminal domain of the Escherichia coli gyrase A subunit and simocyclinone D8, revealing two binding pockets that separately accommodate the aminocoumarin and polyketide moieties of the antibiotic. These are close to, but distinct from, the quinolone-binding site, consistent with our observations that several mutations in this region confer resistance to both agents. Biochemical studies show that the individual moieties of simocyclinone D8 are comparatively weak inhibitors of gyrase relative to the parent compound, but their combination generates a more potent inhibitor. Our results should facilitate the design of drug molecules that target these unexploited binding pockets.	2
Title: Mapping simocyclinone D8 interaction with DNA gyrase: Evidence for a new binding site on GyrB Abstract: Simocyclinone D8, a coumarin derivative isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040, represents an interesting new antiproliferative agent. It was originally suggested that this drug recognizes the GyrA subunit and interferes with the gyrase catalytic cycle by preventing its binding to DNA. To further characterize the mode of action of this antibiotic, we investigated its binding to the reconstituted DNA gyrase (A(2)B(2)) as well as to its GyrA and GyrB subunits and the individual domains of these proteins, by performing protein melting and proteolytic digestion studies as well as inhibition assays. Two binding sites were identified, one (anticipated) in the N-terminal domain of GyrA (GyrA59) and the other (unexpected) at the C-terminal domain of GyrB (GyrB47). Stabilization of the A subunit appears to be considerably more effective than stabilization of the B subunit. Our data suggest that these two distinct sites could cooperate in the reconstituted enzyme.	2
Title: Crystallization and preliminary X-ray analysis of a complex formed between the antibiotic simocyclinone D8 and the DNA breakage-reunion domain of Escherichia coli DNA gyrase Abstract: Crystals of a complex formed between the 59 kDa N-terminal fragment of the Escherichia coli DNA gyrase A subunit (also known as the breakage-reunion domain) and the antibiotic simocyclinone D8 were grown by vapour diffusion. The complex crystallized with I-centred orthorhombic symmetry and X-ray data were recorded to a resolution of 2.75 A from a single crystal at the synchrotron. DNA gyrase is an essential bacterial enzyme and thus represents an attractive target for drug development.	2
Title: In vivo and in vitro patterns of the activity of simocyclinone D8, an angucyclinone antibiotic from Streptomyces antibioticus Abstract: Simocyclinone D8 (SD8) exhibits antibiotic activity against gram-positive bacteria but not against gram-negative bacteria. The molecular basis of the cytotoxicity of SD8 is not fully understood, although SD8 has been shown to inhibit the supercoiling activity of Escherichia coli gyrase. To understand the mechanism of SD8, we have employed biochemical assays to directly measure the sensitivities of E. coli and Staphylococcus aureus type II topoisomerases to SD8 and microarray analysis to monitor the cellular responses to SD8 treatment. SD8 is a potent inhibitor of either E. coli or S. aureus gyrase. In contrast, SD8 exhibits only a moderate inhibitory effect on S. aureus topoisomerase IV, and E. coli topoisomerase IV is virtually insensitive to SD8. The antimicrobial effect of SD8 against E. coli has become evident in the absence of the AcrB multidrug efflux pump. As expected, SD8 treatment exhibits the signature responses to the loss of supercoiling activity in E. coli: upregulation of gyrase genes and downregulation of the topoisomerase I gene. Unlike quinolone treatment, however, SD8 treatment does not induce the SOS response. These results suggest that DNA gyrase is the target of SD8 in both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and that the lack of the antibacterial effect against gram-negative bacteria is due, in part, to the activity of the AcrB efflux pump.	2
Title: Anti-proliferative effects of simocyclinone D8 (SD8), a novel catalytic inhibitor of topoisomerase II Abstract: Introduction:                       Simocyclinone D-8 (SD8), a semi-synthetic compound derived from yeast, has been shown to decrease the proliferation of MCF-7 breast cancer cells. It has been shown to be a potent bacterial DNA gyrase inhibitor, a homologue of human topoisomerase II (hTopoII). We tested SD8 activity alone and in combination with cisplatin against malignant mesothelioma (MM) and non-small cell cancer (NSCLC) cell lines.                  Methods:                       Inhibition of hTopoII supercoiling function by SD8 and a known hTopoII poison, etoposide, were done by in vitro assay using purified hTopoII and kinetoplast DNA as the substrate. The DNA products were analyzed by agarose gel electrophoresis after treatment with increasing concentrations of each drug. Mesothelioma cell lines (H2373, H2461 and H2596) and NSCLC cell lines (H2030, H460, and H2009) grown in RPMI with 10% calf serum were used. Non-malignant mesothelial cells, LP9, were grown in 1:1 ratio of MCDB:199E medium supplemented with 15% calf serum, 0.4 microg/mL hydrocortisone, and 15 ng/mL epidermal grown factor. Cell proliferation assays were performed in 96-well plates using the CCK-8 kit (Dojindo inc.). Cells were treated for 72 h with various SD8 concentrations and controls containing equal volume of the vehicle, DMSO. Treated cells were assayed for the induction of apoptosis with poly ADP-ribose polymerase-1 (PARP) cleavage assay.                  Results:                       Biochemical assays revealed that the IC(50) for hTopoII inhibition was 100 microM for SD8 and 400 microM for etoposide. SD8 inhibited hTopoII function without inducing DNA cleavage events. SD8 inhibited the growth of NSCLC and Mesothelioma cells with IC(50) ranging from 75-125 microM. Furthermore, SD8 was not toxic to non-transformed primary mesothelial cell line, LP9 at the IC(50) doses. SD8 induced apoptosis in all cell lines tested.                  Conclusions:                       SD8 inhibits hTopoII in vitro without inducing DNA strands breaks and has significant activity against NSCLC and MM cell lines. While doses required for SD8 anticancer activity are unlikely to be achieved in vivo, chemical modifications to SD8 to increase its potency could lead to improved therapies for these diseases.	2
Title: Simocyclinones, novel cytostatic angucyclinone antibiotics produced by Streptomyces antibioticus Tu 6040. I. Taxonomy, fermentation, isolation and biological activities Abstract: Two novel angucyclinone-type antibiotics, simocyclinones D4 and D8, were detected in the mycelium extract of Streptomyces antibioticus Tü 6040 by HPLC-diode-array and HPLC-electrospray-mass-spectrometry screening. The compounds show antibiotic activities against Gram-positive bacteria and cytostatic effects on various tumor cell lines.	2
Title: Modes of action of tunicamycin, liposidomycin B, and mureidomycin A: Inhibition of phospho-N-acetylmuramyl-pentapeptide translocase from Escherichia coli Abstract: Using a continuous fluorescence-based enzyme assay, we have characterized the antibacterial agents tumicamycin and liposidomycin B as inhibitors of solubilized Escherichia coli phospho-N-acetylmuramyl-pentapeptide translocase. Tunicamycin exhibited reversible inhibition (Ki = 0.55 +/- 0.1 microM) which was noncompetitive with respect to the lipid acceptor substrate and competitive with respect to the fluorescent substrate analog, dansyl-UDPMurNAc-pentapeptide. Liposidomycin B exhibited slow-binding inhibition (Ki = 80 +/- 15 nM) which was competitive with respect to the lipid acceptor substrate and noncompetitive with respect to dansyl-UDPMurNAc-pentapeptide. These results provide insight into the molecular mechanisms of action of these two classes of nucleoside antibiotics.	2
Title: Endophenazines A∼D, new phenazine antibiotics from the arthropod. Associated endosymbiont Streptomyces anulatus. I. Taxonomy, fermentation, isolation and biological activities Abstract: Four new members of the phenazine family, endophenazines A-D, and the already known phenazine-1-carboxylic acid (tubermycin B) were detected in the culture broth of various endosymbiotic Streptomyces anulatus strains by chemical screening in a combination of TLC-staining reagents and HPLC-diode array analysis. The endosymbiotic strains were isolated from four different arthropod hosts at various sites. The new phenazine compounds showed antimicrobial activities against Gram-positive bacteria and some filamentous fungi, and herbicidal activity against Lemna minor (duckweed).	2
Title: Indole-diterpenoids with anti-H1N1 activity from the aciduric fungus Penicillium camemberti OUCMDZ-1492 Abstract: An aciduric fungal strain, Penicillium camemberti OUCMDZ-1492, was isolated from an acidic marine niche, mangrove soil and mud, around the roots of Rhizophora apiculata. Six new indole-diterpenoids (1-6), along with five known analogues, emindole SB (7), 21-isopentenylpaxilline (8), paspaline (9), paxilline (10), and dehydroxypaxilline (11), were isolated from the fermentation broth of P. camemberti OUCMDZ-1492 grown at pH 5.0. On the basis of spectroscopic analyses, CD spectra, quantum ECD calculations, and chemical methods, new structures 1-6 were established as 3-deoxo-4b-deoxypaxilline, 4a-demethylpaspaline-4a-carboxylic acid, 4a-demethylpaspaline-3,4,4a-triol, 2'-hydroxypaxilline, 9,10-diisopentenylpaxilline, and (6S,7R,10E,14E)-16-(1H-indol-3-yl)-2,6,10,14-tetramethylhexadeca-2,10,14-triene-6,7-diol, respectively. Compounds 1-3 and 5-10 exhibited significant activity against the H1N1 virus with IC50 values of 28.3, 38.9, 32.2, 73.3, 34.1, 26.2, 6.6, 77.9, and 17.7 μM, respectively. The results showed that 3-oxo, 4b-hydroxy, and 9-isopentenyl substitutions tend to increase the anti-H1N1 activity of hexacyclic indole-diterpenoids.	2
Title: Cloning and analysis of the replication origin and the telomeres of the large linear plasmid pSLA2-L in Streptomyces rochei Abstract: The replication origin and both terminal segments were cloned from the large linear plasmid pSLA2-L in Streptomyces rochei 7434AN4. The basic replicon consists of a 1.9-kb DNA fragment, which contains the genetic information required for autonomous replication in circular form. Sequence analysis revealed two ORFs, RepL1 and RepL2, with no similarity to any of the replication initiator proteins in the database. Deletion and mutational analysis showed that RepL1 is essential for replication and RepL2 has a subsidiary function. The origin of replication may be located 800 bp upstream of repL1. Sequencing of the left and right terminal segments revealed the presence of 12 palindromes. The sequence of the first 90 bp, including palindromes I-IV, shows great similarity to that of other Streptomyces linear chromosomes and plasmids. These results suggest that the internal replication origins of the linear replicons vary widely, in contrast to the high degree of conservation of their telomeres.	2
Title: Cyclopropanol Warhead in Malleicyprol Confers Virulence of Human- and Animal-Pathogenic Burkholderia Species Abstract: Burkholderia species such as B. mallei and B. pseudomallei are bacterial pathogens causing fatal infections in humans and animals (glanders and melioidosis), yet knowledge on their virulence factors is limited. While pathogenic effects have been linked to a highly conserved gene locus (bur/mal) in the B. mallei group, the metabolite associated to the encoded polyketide synthase, burkholderic acid (syn. malleilactone), could not explain the observed phenotypes. By metabolic profiling and molecular network analyses of the model organism B. thailandensis, the primary products of the cryptic pathway were identified as unusual cyclopropanol-substituted polyketides. First, sulfomalleicyprols were identified as inactive precursors of burkholderic acid. Furthermore, a highly reactive upstream metabolite, malleicyprol, was discovered and obtained in two stabilized forms. Cell-based assays and a nematode infection model showed that the rare natural product confers cytotoxicity and virulence.	2
Title: Inhibition of protein synthesis and activation of stress-activated protein kinases by onnamide A and theopederin B, antitumor marine natural products Abstract: During the course of screening for the agents that activate transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling cascade, onnamide A and theopederin B, heterocyclic compounds related to mycalamides from a marine sponge, were found to induce plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) promoter-derived gene expression in Mv1Lu cells. The maximum induction of the PAI-1 promoter by onnamide A and theopederin B was observed at the concentrations of 50 nM and 2 nM, respectively. These compounds strongly inhibited protein synthesis at the 50% inhibitory concentrations of 30 nM for onnamide A and 1.9 nM for theopederin B, and induced activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and c-Jun NH2-terminal protein kinase (JNK). Anisomycin, a well-known inducer of ribotoxic stress that inhibits protein synthesis and activates both p38 kinase and JNK, also activated PAI-1 gene expression. Furthermore, PAI-1 expression by onnamide A, theopederin B, and anisomycin was inhibited by SB202190 and SP600125, specific inhibitors of stress-activated protein kinases. Onnamide A and theopederin B were cytotoxic to a variety of cell lines and strongly induced apoptosis in HeLa cells within 24 h, which was accompanied by the sustained activation of p38 kinase and JNK. These results suggest that onnamide A and theopedirin B trigger a ribotoxic stress-like response, thereby inducing p38 kinase and JNK activation, the kinase-dependent PAI-1 gene expression, and apoptosis.	2
Title: Inhibition of protein synthesis and activation of stress-activated protein kinases by onnamide A and theopederin B, antitumor marine natural products Abstract: During the course of screening for the agents that activate transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) signaling cascade, onnamide A and theopederin B, heterocyclic compounds related to mycalamides from a marine sponge, were found to induce plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) promoter-derived gene expression in Mv1Lu cells. The maximum induction of the PAI-1 promoter by onnamide A and theopederin B was observed at the concentrations of 50 nM and 2 nM, respectively. These compounds strongly inhibited protein synthesis at the 50% inhibitory concentrations of 30 nM for onnamide A and 1.9 nM for theopederin B, and induced activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase and c-Jun NH2-terminal protein kinase (JNK). Anisomycin, a well-known inducer of ribotoxic stress that inhibits protein synthesis and activates both p38 kinase and JNK, also activated PAI-1 gene expression. Furthermore, PAI-1 expression by onnamide A, theopederin B, and anisomycin was inhibited by SB202190 and SP600125, specific inhibitors of stress-activated protein kinases. Onnamide A and theopederin B were cytotoxic to a variety of cell lines and strongly induced apoptosis in HeLa cells within 24 h, which was accompanied by the sustained activation of p38 kinase and JNK. These results suggest that onnamide A and theopedirin B trigger a ribotoxic stress-like response, thereby inducing p38 kinase and JNK activation, the kinase-dependent PAI-1 gene expression, and apoptosis.	2
Title: 13-Deoxytedanolide, a marine sponge-derived antitumor macrolide, binds to the 60S large ribosomal subunit Abstract: 13-Deoxytedanolide is a potent antitumor macrolide isolated from the marine sponge Mycale adhaerens. In spite of its remarkable activity, the mode of action of 13-deoxytedanolide has not been elucidated. [11-3H]-(11S)-13-Deoxydihydrotedanolide derived from the macrolide was used for identifying the target molecule from the yeast cell lysate. Fractionation of the binding protein revealed that the labeled 13-deoxytedanolide derivative strongly bound to the 80S ribosome as well as to the 60S large subunit, but not to the 40S small subunit. In agreement with this observation, 13-deoxytedanolide efficiently inhibited the polypeptide elongation. Interestingly, competition studies demonstrated that 13-deoxytedanolide shared the binding site on the 60S large subunit with pederin and its marine-derived analogues. These results indicate that 13-deoxytedanolide is a potent protein synthesis inhibitor and is the first macrolide to inhibit the eukaryotic ribosome.	2
Title: Psymberin, a potent sponge-derived cytotoxin from Psammocinia distantly related to the pederin family Abstract: [structure: see text] Bioassay-guided fractionation of the sponge Psammocinia sp. afforded psymberin (1) possessing 5S,8S,9S,11R,13R,15S,16R,17R stereochemistry. Psymberin exhibits structural similarities to the pederin family metabolites. The potent cytotoxicty and unique structural features of 1 make it a promising lead for therapeutic development.	2
Title: Antineoplastic Agents. 520. Isolation and Structure of Irciniastatins A and B from the Indo-Pacific Marine Sponge Ircinia ramosa Abstract: The Indo-Pacific marine sponge Ircinia ramosa has been found to contain two powerful (GI50 from 0.001 to <0.0001 microg/mL) murine and human cancer cell growth inhibitors. Both were isolated (10(-3)-10(-4)% yields) by cancer cell line bioassay-guided techniques and named irciniastatins A (1) and B (2). Structural elucidation by a combination of spectral analyses, primarily high resolution mass and 2D-NMR (principally APT, HMQC, HMBC, and ROESY) spectroscopy, revealed the unusual structures 1 and 2.	2
Title: Vinylogous chain branching catalysed by a dedicated polyketide synthase module Abstract: Bacteria use modular polyketide synthases (PKSs) to assemble complex polyketides, many of which are leads for the development of clinical drugs, in particular anti-infectives and anti-tumoral agents. Because these multifarious compounds are notoriously difficult to synthesize, they are usually produced by microbial fermentation. During the past two decades, an impressive body of knowledge on modular PKSs has been gathered that not only provides detailed insight into the biosynthetic pathways but also allows the rational engineering of enzymatic processing lines to yield structural analogues. Notably, a hallmark of all PKS modules studied so far is the head-to-tail fusion of acyl and malonyl building blocks, which leads to linear backbones. Yet, structural diversity is limited by this uniform assembly mode. Here we demonstrate a new type of PKS module from the endofungal bacterium Burkholderia rhizoxinica that catalyses a Michael-type acetyl addition to generate a branch in the carbon chain. In vitro reconstitution of the entire PKS module, X-ray structures of a ketosynthase-branching didomain and mutagenesis experiments revealed a crucial role of the ketosynthase domain in branching the carbon chain. We present a trapped intermediary state in which acyl carrier protein and ketosynthase are covalently linked by the branched polyketide and suggest a new mechanism for chain alkylation, which is functionally distinct from terpenoid-like β-branching. For the rice seedling blight toxin rhizoxin, one of the strongest known anti-mitotic agents, the non-canonical polyketide modification is indispensable for phytotoxic and anti-tumoral activities. We propose that the formation of related pharmacophoric groups follows the same general scheme and infer a unifying vinylogous branching reaction for PKS modules with a ketosynthase-branching-acyl-carrier-protein architecture. This study unveils the structure and function of a new PKS module that broadens the biosynthetic scope of polyketide biosynthesis and sets the stage for rationally creating structural diversity.	2
Title: Low-Volume Toolbox for the Discovery of Immunosuppressive Fungal Secondary Metabolites Abstract: The secondary metabolome provides pathogenic fungi with a plethoric and versatile panel of molecules that can be deployed during host ingress. While powerful genetic and analytical chemistry methods have been developed to identify fungal secondary metabolites (SMs), discovering the biological activity of SMs remains an elusive yet critical task. Here, we describe a process for identifying the immunosuppressive properties of Aspergillus SMs developed by coupling a cost-effective microfluidic neutrophil chemotaxis assay with an in vivo zebrafish assay. The microfluidic platform allows the identification of metabolites inhibiting neutrophil recruitment with as little as several nano-grams of compound in microliters of fluid. The zebrafish assay demonstrates a simple and accessible approach for performing in vivo studies without requiring any manipulation of the fish. Using this methodology we identify the immunosuppressive properties of a fungal SM, endocrocin. We find that endocrocin is localized in Aspergillus fumigatus spores and its biosynthesis is temperature-dependent. Finally, using the Drosophila toll deficient model, we find that deletion of encA, encoding the polyketide synthase required for endocrocin production, yields a less pathogenic strain of A. fumigatus when spores are harvested from endocrocin permissive but not when harvested from endocrocin restrictive conditions. The tools developed here will open new "function-omic" avenues downstream of the metabolomics, identification, and purification phases.	2
Title: Imaging mass spectrometry and genome mining reveal highly antifungal virulence factor of mushroom soft rot pathogen Abstract: Caught in the act: imaging mass spectrometry of a button mushroom infected with the soft rot pathogen Janthinobacterium agaricidamnosum in conjunction with genome mining revealed jagaricin as a highly antifungal virulence factor that is not produced under standard cultivation conditions. The structure of jagaricin was rigorously elucidated by a combination of physicochemical analyses, chemical derivatization, and bioinformatics.	2
Title: Rapid determination of the amino acid configuration of xenotetrapeptide Abstract: An E. coli strain with deletions in five transaminases (ΔaspC ΔilvE ΔtyrB ΔavtA ΔybfQ) was constructed to be unable to degrade several amino acids. This strain was used as an expression host for the analysis of the amino acid configuration of nonribosomally synthesized peptides, including the novel peptide "xenotetrapeptide" from Xenorhabdus nematophila, by using a combination of labeling experiments and mass spectrometry. Additionally, the number of D-amino acids in the produced peptide was assigned following simple cultivation of the expression strain in D2 O.	2
Title: Characterisation of taxlllaids A-G; natural products from Xenorhabdus indica Abstract: Six new lipodepsipeptides and an additional linear derivative named taxlllaids A-G (1-7) have been identified in the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus indica. The structures of the main compounds have been solved by detailed NMR spectroscopic analysis and the structures of minor derivatives were elucidated by a combination of labelling experiments and detailed MS experiments. The absolute configuration of the taxlllaids was deduced by using the advanced Marfey method and analysis of the biosynthesis gene cluster showing the presence of epimerisation domains, which was subsequently proved to be correct by solid-phase peptide synthesis of all taxlllaids. The exchange of a single amino acid in the adenylation domain was shown to be responsible for substrate promiscuity of the third A domain, resulting in the incorporation of leucine, phenylalanine or tyrosine. Bioactivity testing revealed the taxlllaids to be weakly active against Plasmodium falciparum and against a number of eukaryotic cell lines.	2
Title: Pyrones as bacterial signaling molecules Abstract: Bacteria communicate via small diffusible molecules and thereby mediate group-coordinated behavior, a process referred to as quorum sensing. The prototypical quorum sensing system found in Gram-negative bacteria consists of a LuxI-type autoinducer synthase that produces N-acyl homoserine lactones (AHLs) as signals and a LuxR-type receptor that detects the AHLs to control expression of specific genes. However, many proteobacteria have proteins with homology to LuxR receptors yet lack any cognate LuxI-like AHL synthase. Here we show that in the insect pathogen Photorhabdus luminescens the orphan LuxR-type receptor PluR detects endogenously produced α-pyrones that serve as signaling molecules at low nanomolar concentrations. Additionally, the ketosynthase PpyS was identified as pyrone synthase. Reconstitution of the entire system containing PluR, the PluR-target operon we termed pcf and PpyS in Escherichia coli demonstrated that the cell-cell communication circuit is portable. Our research thus deorphanizes a signaling system and suggests that additional modes of bacterial communication may await discovery.	2
Title: Novel blockade by brefeldin A of intracellular transport of secretory proteins in cultured rat hepatocytes Abstract: We examined the effect of brefeldin A, an antiviral antibiotic, on protein synthesis, intracellular processing, and secretion in primary culture of rat hepatocytes. The secretion was strongly blocked by the drug at 1 microgram/ml and higher concentrations, while the protein synthesis was maintained fairly well. Pulse-chase experiments with [35S]methionine demonstrated that brefeldin A completely blocked the proteolytic conversion of proalbumin to serum albumin up to 60 min of chase, although its conversion was observed as early as 20 min in the control cells. The drug also inhibited the terminal glycosylation of oligosaccharide chains of alpha 1-protease inhibitor and haptoglobin. These two modifications have been shown to occur at the trans region of the Golgi complex. The drug, however, had no effect on the proteolytic processing of the haptoglobin proform which takes place within the endoplasmic reticulum. Such an effect by brefeldin A is very similar with that induced by the carboxylic ionophore monensin. However, in contrast to evidence that monensin causes a delayed secretion of the unprocessed forms of these proteins, brefeldin A allowed the completely processed forms to be secreted after a prolonged accumulation of the unprocessed forms. Morphological observations demonstrated that the endoplasmic reticulum was markedly dilated by treatment with the drug at 10 micrograms/ml which continuously blocked the secretion. On the other hand, brefeldin A caused no inhibitory effect on the endocytic pathway as judged by cellular uptake and degradation of 125I-asialofetuin. These results indicate that brefeldin A is a unique agent which primarily impedes protein transport from the endoplasmic reticulum to the Golgi complex by a mechanism different from those considered for other secretion-blocking agents so far reported.	2
Title: Brefeldin A causes disassembly of the Golgi complex and accumulation of secretory proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum Abstract: The antiviral antibiotic brefeldin A (BFA) strongly inhibits the protein secretion in cultured rat hepatocytes (Misumi, Y., Misumi, Y., Miki, K., Takatsuki, A., Tamura, G., and Ikehara, Y. (1986) J. Biol. Chem. 261, 11398-11403). We have further examined the inhibitory effect of the drug on intracellular transport of albumin by an immunocytochemical technique with peroxidase-conjugated Fab fragments of anti-rat albumin IgG. In hepatocytes treated with BFA (2.5 micrograms/ml) for 1 h at 37 degrees C, no characteristic structures of the Golgi complex could be observed, and albumin was diffusely distributed in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), nuclear envelope, and small vesicles around, in contrast to its condensed localization in the Golgi complex in the control cells. Such an unusual distribution of the secretory protein, however, was rearranged to the normal localization in the Golgi complex after 4 h even in the presence of the drug, possibly due to a metabolism of the drug to an inert form. Exposure of the cells to BFA with constant renewals (2.5 micrograms/ml at 1-h intervals) or at a higher concentration (10 micrograms/ml) caused a prolonged accumulation of albumin in the ER, resulting in its dilation. These results indicate that BFA primarily blocks the protein transport from the ER to the Golgi complex, consistent with the biochemical data previously reported.	2
Title: Antifungal thiopeptide cyclothiazomycin B1 exhibits growth inhibition accompanying morphological changes via binding to fungal cell wall chitin Abstract: Cyclothiazomycin B1 (CTB1) is an antifungal cyclic thiopeptide isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces sp. HA 125-40. CTB1 inhibited the growth of several filamentous fungi including plant pathogens along with swelling of hyphae and spores. The antifungal activity of CTB1 was weakened by hyperosmotic conditions, and hyphae treated with CTB1 burst under hypoosmotic conditions, indicating increased cell wall fragility. CTB1-sensitive fungal species contain high levels of cell wall chitin and/or chitosan. Unlike nikkomycin Z, a competitive inhibitor of chitin synthase (CHS), CTB1 did not inhibit CHS activity. Although CTB1 inhibited CHS biosynthesis, the same result was also obtained with a non-specific proteins inhibitor, cycloheximide, which did not reduce cell wall rigidity. These results indicate that the primary target of CTB1 is not CHS, and we concluded that CTB1 antifungal activity was independent of this sole inhibition. We found that CTB1 bound to chitin but did not bind to β-glucan and chitosan. The results of the present study suggest that CTB1 induces cell wall fragility by binding to chitin, which forms the fungal cell wall. The antifungal activity of CTB1 could be explained by this chitin-binding ability.	2
Title: An RNA polymerase inhibitor, cyclothiazomycin B1, and its isomer Abstract: Novel cyclic thiopeptides, cyclothiazomycins B1 (1) and B2 (2), were isolated from Streptomyces sp. A307 as potent hyphal swelling inducing substances. They are stable in the solid state but slowly isomerize with one another in solution. Degradation experiments and spectroscopic analyses disclosed that they comprise unique tricyclic structures each containing a dehydroalanine, and two dehydrohomoalanine residues, along with three thiazolines, three thiazoles, and a trisubstituted pyridine. Cyclothiazomycin B1 (1) is expected to be a powerful tool for DNA-RNA transcription studies, because this cyclopeptide inhibits DNA-dependent RNA synthesis by bacteriophage RNA polymerases.	2
Title: Nucleophilic 1,4-additions for natural product discovery Abstract: Natural products remain an important source of drug candidates, but the difficulties inherent to traditional isolation, coupled with unacceptably high rates of compound rediscovery, limit the pace of natural product detection. Here we describe a reactivity-based screening method to rapidly identify exported bacterial metabolites that contain dehydrated amino acids (i.e., carbonyl- or imine-activated alkenes), a common motif in several classes of natural products. Our strategy entails the use of a commercially available thiol, dithiothreitol, for the covalent labeling of activated alkenes by nucleophilic 1,4-addition. Modification is easily discerned by comparing mass spectra of reacted and unreacted cell surface extracts. When combined with bioinformatic analysis of putative natural product gene clusters, targeted screening and isolation can be performed on a prioritized list of strains. Moreover, known compounds are easily dereplicated, effectively eliminating superfluous isolation and characterization. As a proof of principle, this labeling method was used to identify known natural products belonging to the thiopeptide, lanthipeptide, and linaridin classes. Further, upon screening a panel of only 23 actinomycetes, we discovered and characterized a novel thiopeptide antibiotic, cyclothiazomycin C.	2
Title: Paenibacillus polymyxa PKB1 produces variants of polymyxin B-type antibiotics Abstract: Polymyxins are cationic lipopeptide antibiotics active against many species of Gram-negative bacteria. We sequenced the gene cluster for polymyxin biosynthesis from Paenibacillus polymyxa PKB1. The 40.8 kb gene cluster comprises three nonribosomal peptide synthetase-encoding genes and two ABC transporter-like genes. Disruption of a peptide synthetase gene abolished all antibiotic production, whereas deletion of one or both transporter genes only reduced antibiotic production. Computational analysis of the peptide synthetase modules suggested that the enzyme system produces variant forms of polymyxin B (1 and 2), with D-2,4-diaminobutyrate instead of L-2,4-diaminobutyrate in amino acid position 3. Two antibacterial metabolites were resolved by HPLC and identified by high-resolution mass spectrometry and MS/MS sequencing as the expected variants 3 and 4 of polymyxin B(1) (1) and B(2) (2). Stereochemical analysis confirmed the presence of both D-2,4-diaminobutyrate and L-2,4-diaminobutyrate residues.	2
Title: Engineering of streptomyces platensis MA7339 for overproduction of platencin and congeners Abstract: Platensimycin (1) and platencin (2) are novel antibiotic leads against multidrug resistant pathogens. The production of 2 in Streptomyces platensis MA7339 is under the control of ptnR1, a GntR-like transcriptional regulator. Inactivating ptnR1 afforded S. platensis MA7339 mutant strain SB12600 that overproduces 2 at a titer approximately 100-fold greater than that from the wild-type strain and accumulates platencin A(1) (3) and eight new congeners, platencins A(2)-A(9) (4-11). The isolation, structural elucidation, and antibacterial activity of 4-11, in comparison to 1-3, are described.	2
Title: Mode of action of bottromycin A2. Release of aminoacyl or peptidyl tRNA from ribosomes Abstract: Bottromycin A2 inhibited MS2 phage RNA-dependent protein synthesis as well as polyuridylic acid-(poly(U))- or polyadenylic acid (poly(A))-dependent polypeptide synthesis. When the ribosomal complex with N-acetyl-[14C]phenylalanyl-tRNA (N-acetyl-[14C]Phe-tRNA) at the A site was subjected to bottromycin A2, the release of N-acetyl-[14C]Phe-tRNA was observed while no release of N-acetyl-[14C]Phe-tRNA from the donor site was observed, indicating that the action of bottromycin A2 is specific to the A site of ribosomes. Due to bottromycin's capacity to release [14C]Phe-tRNA or N-acetyl-[14C]Phe-tRNA from the ribosomal acceptor site (A site), bottromycin A2 inhibited the nonenzymatic binding of N-acetyl-[14C]Phe-tRNA and elongation factor T (EF-T)-dependent binding if the concentration of EF-Tu-GTP-[14C]Phe-tRNA ternary complex was low. Our data are consistent with the possibility that the inhibition of overall polypeptide synthesis by bottromycin A2 is at least partly due to bottromycin A2's activity to release aminoacyl- or oligopeptidyl-tRNA from ribosomes. Among 10 antibiotics tested, bottromycin A2 and lincomycin released aminoacyl-tRNA from ribosomes.	2
Title: Antillatoxin and kalkitoxin, ichthyotoxins from the tropical cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula, induce distinct temporal patterns of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotoxicity Abstract: Curacin-A, antillatoxin and kalkitoxin, natural products from the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula, were tested for neurotoxicity in primary cultures of rat cerebellar granule neurons. Curacin-A was non-toxic, whereas antillatoxin and kalkitoxin produced concentration-dependent cytotoxicity with LC50 values of 20.1+/-6.4 and 3.86+/-1.91 nM, respectively. Antillatoxin neurotoxicity was produced acutely, whereas kalkitoxin caused a delayed neurotoxic response. The cytotoxicity produced by both antillatoxin and kalkitoxin was prevented by the non-competitive NMDA receptor antagonists dextrorphan and MK-801.	2
Title: Structure-activity analysis of the interaction of curacin A, the potent colchicine site antimitotic agent, with tubulin and effects of analogs on the growth of MCF-7 breast cancer cells Abstract: Originally purified as a major lipid component of a strain of the cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula isolated in Curaçao, curacin A is a potent inhibitor of cell growth and mitosis, binding rapidly and tightly at the colchicine site of tubulin. Because its molecular structure differs so greatly from that of colchicine and other colchicine site inhibitors, we prepared a series of curacin A analogs to determine the important structural features of the molecule. These modifications include reduction and E-to-Z transitions of the olefinic bonds in the 14-carbon side chain of the molecule; disruption of and configurational changes in the cyclopropyl moiety; disruption, oxidation, and configurational reversal in the thiazoline moiety; configurational reversal and substituent modifications at C13; and demethylation at C10. Inhibitory effects on tubulin assembly, the binding of colchicine to tubulin, and the growth of MCF-7 human breast carcinoma cells were examined. The most important portions of curacin A required for its interaction with tubulin seem to be the thiazoline ring and the side chain at least through C4, the portion of the side chain including the C9-C10 olefinic bond, and the C10 methyl group. Only two modifications totally eliminated the tubulin-drug interaction. The inactive compounds were a segment containing most of the side chain, including its two substituents, and analogs in which the methyl group at the C13 oxygen atom was replaced by a benzoate residue. Antiproliferative activity comparable with that observed with curacin A was only reproduced in compounds that were potent inhibitors of the binding of colchicine to tubulin. Molecular modeling and quantitative structure-activity relationship studies demonstrated that most active analogs overlapped extensively with curacin A but failed to provide an explanation for the apparent structural analogy between curacin A and colchicine.	2
Title: Structural and functional dissection of the heterocyclic peptide cytotoxin streptolysin S Abstract: The human pathogen Streptococcus pyogenes secretes a highly cytolytic toxin known as streptolysin S (SLS). SLS is a key virulence determinant and responsible for the beta-hemolytic phenotype of these bacteria. Despite over a century of research, the chemical structure of SLS remains unknown. Recent experiments have revealed that SLS is generated from an inactive precursor peptide that undergoes extensive post-translational modification to an active form. In this work, we address outstanding questions regarding the SLS biosynthetic process, elucidating the features of substrate recognition and sites of posttranslational modification to the SLS precursor peptide. Further, we exploit these findings to guide the design of artificial cytolytic toxins that are recognized by the SLS biosynthetic enzymes and others that are intrinsically cytolytic. This new structural information has ramifications for future antimicrobial therapies.	2
Title: Streptolysin S-like virulence factors: The continuing sagA Abstract: Streptolysin S (SLS) is a potent cytolytic toxin and virulence factor that is produced by nearly all Streptococcus pyogenes strains. Despite a 100-year history of research on this toxin, it has only recently been established that SLS is just one of an extended family of post-translationally modified virulence factors (the SLS-like peptides) that are produced by some streptococci and other Gram-positive pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes and Clostridium botulinum. In this Review, we describe the identification, genetics, biochemistry and various functions of SLS. We also discuss the shared features of the virulence-associated SLS-like peptides, as well as their place within the rapidly expanding family of thiazole/oxazole-modified microcins (TOMMs).	2
Title: Structural and functional dissection of the heterocyclic peptide cytotoxin streptolysin S Abstract: The human pathogen Streptococcus pyogenes secretes a highly cytolytic toxin known as streptolysin S (SLS). SLS is a key virulence determinant and responsible for the beta-hemolytic phenotype of these bacteria. Despite over a century of research, the chemical structure of SLS remains unknown. Recent experiments have revealed that SLS is generated from an inactive precursor peptide that undergoes extensive post-translational modification to an active form. In this work, we address outstanding questions regarding the SLS biosynthetic process, elucidating the features of substrate recognition and sites of posttranslational modification to the SLS precursor peptide. Further, we exploit these findings to guide the design of artificial cytolytic toxins that are recognized by the SLS biosynthetic enzymes and others that are intrinsically cytolytic. This new structural information has ramifications for future antimicrobial therapies.	2
Title: Streptolysin S-like virulence factors: The continuing sagA Abstract: Streptolysin S (SLS) is a potent cytolytic toxin and virulence factor that is produced by nearly all Streptococcus pyogenes strains. Despite a 100-year history of research on this toxin, it has only recently been established that SLS is just one of an extended family of post-translationally modified virulence factors (the SLS-like peptides) that are produced by some streptococci and other Gram-positive pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes and Clostridium botulinum. In this Review, we describe the identification, genetics, biochemistry and various functions of SLS. We also discuss the shared features of the virulence-associated SLS-like peptides, as well as their place within the rapidly expanding family of thiazole/oxazole-modified microcins (TOMMs).	2
Title: Atypical campylobacters associated with gastroenteritis Abstract: Nine strains of Campylobacter species other than Campylobacter jejuni, Campylobacter coli, and Campylobacter laridis were isolated from patients with acute diarrhea. All nine strains showed preferred growth at 37 degrees C under microaerophilic conditions. Conventional microbiological tests and DNA-DNA dot blotting were used to identify these strains. Three of the nine Campylobacter strains hydrolyzed hippurate, reduced nitrate, produced catalase, were resistant to cephalothin, and were shown to be highly related to C. jejuni type strains. Two strains had negative or weak catalase activity and were hippurate negative. Three other strains had characteristics similar to those of Campylobacter cinaedi. The ninth strain, isolated from a homosexual man with antibodies to human immunodeficiency virus (human T-cell lymphotropic virus type III), showed unique features different from those of all the known campylobacters used in this study. This strain grew well at 25 and 37 degrees C and was catalase and nitrate positive, hippurate negative, and resistant to cephalothin.	2
Title: Difficidin and bacilysin from Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 have antibacterial activity against Xanthomonas oryzae rice pathogens Abstract: Bacterial blight and bacterial leaf streak are serious, economically damaging, diseases of rice caused by the bacteria Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae and X. oryzae pv. oryzicola. Bacillus amyloliquefaciens FZB42 was shown to possess biocontrol activity against these Xanthomonas strains by producing the antibiotic compounds difficidin and bacilysin. Analyses using fluorescence, scanning electron and transmission electron microscopy revealed difficidin and bacilysin caused changes in the cell wall and structure of Xanthomonas. Biological control experiments on rice plants demonstrated the ability of difficidin and bacilysin to suppress disease. Difficidin and bacilysin caused downregulated expression of genes involved in Xanthomonas virulence, cell division, and protein and cell wall synthesis. Taken together, our results highlight the potential of B. amyloliquefaciens FZB42 as a biocontrol agent against bacterial diseases of rice, and the utility of difficidin and bacilysin as antimicrobial compounds.	2
Title: A new antibiotic kills pathogens without detectable resistance Abstract: Antibiotic resistance is spreading faster than the introduction of new compounds into clinical practice, causing a public health crisis. Most antibiotics were produced by screening soil microorganisms, but this limited resource of cultivable bacteria was overmined by the 1960s. Synthetic approaches to produce antibiotics have been unable to replace this platform. Uncultured bacteria make up approximately 99% of all species in external environments, and are an untapped source of new antibiotics. We developed several methods to grow uncultured organisms by cultivation in situ or by using specific growth factors. Here we report a new antibiotic that we term teixobactin, discovered in a screen of uncultured bacteria. Teixobactin inhibits cell wall synthesis by binding to a highly conserved motif of lipid II (precursor of peptidoglycan) and lipid III (precursor of cell wall teichoic acid). We did not obtain any mutants of Staphylococcus aureus or Mycobacterium tuberculosis resistant to teixobactin. The properties of this compound suggest a path towards developing antibiotics that are likely to avoid development of resistance.	2
Title: Transcription inhibition by the depsipeptide antibiotic salinamide A Abstract: We report that bacterial RNA polymerase (RNAP) is the functional cellular target of the depsipeptide antibiotic salinamide A (Sal), and we report that Sal inhibits RNAP through a novel binding site and mechanism. We show that Sal inhibits RNA synthesis in cells and that mutations that confer Sal-resistance map to RNAP genes. We show that Sal interacts with the RNAP active-center 'bridge-helix cap' comprising the 'bridge-helix N-terminal hinge', 'F-loop', and 'link region'. We show that Sal inhibits nucleotide addition in transcription initiation and elongation. We present a crystal structure that defines interactions between Sal and RNAP and effects of Sal on RNAP conformation. We propose that Sal functions by binding to the RNAP bridge-helix cap and preventing conformational changes of the bridge-helix N-terminal hinge necessary for nucleotide addition. The results provide a target for antibacterial drug discovery and a reagent to probe conformation and function of the bridge-helix N-terminal hinge.DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.7554/eLife.02451.001.	2
Title: Serinocyclins A and B, cyclic heptapeptides from Metarhizium anisopliae Abstract: Two new cyclic heptapeptides, serinocyclins A (1) and B (2), were isolated from conidia of the entomopathogenic fungus Metarhizium anisopliae. Structures were elucidated by a combination of mass spectrometric, NMR, and X-ray diffraction techniques. Serinocyclin A (1) contains three serine units, a hydroxyproline (Hyp), a beta-alanine (beta-Ala), and two uncommon nonproteinogenic amino acids, 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid (Acc) and gamma-hydroxylysine (HyLys). The peptide sequence established for 1 by NMR is cyclo-(Acc-Hyp-Ser1-HyLys-beta-Ala-Ser2-Ser3). Serinocyclin B (2) has Lys in place of the HyLys unit found in 1. Chiral amino acid analysis indicated the presence in both compounds of one (2 S,4 R)-Hyp, two L-Ser, and one D-Ser residue. A Lys found in the hydrolyzate of 2 was established as D-configured. A crystal structure of 1 established the position of the D-Ser (Ser2) and the absolute configuration of the HyLys unit (2 R,4 S). The absence of methyl groups is unusual among fungal peptides and, along with the charged lysyl side chain and multiple hydroxyl groups, contributes to the polar nature of the compounds. Serinocyclin A produced a sublethal locomotory defect in mosquito larvae at an EC 50 of 59 ppm.	2
Title: A nonribosomal peptide synthetase mediates siderophore production and virulence in the citrus fungal pathogen Alternaria alternata Abstract: Alternaria species produce and excrete dimethyl coprogen siderophores to acquire iron. The Alternaria alternata gene AaNPS6, encoding a polypeptide analogous to fungal nonribosomal peptide synthetases, was found to be required for the production of siderophores and virulence on citrus. Siderophores purified from culture filtrates of the wild-type strain did not induce any phytotoxicity on the leaves of citrus. Fungal strains lacking AaNPS6 produced little or no detectable extracellular siderophores and displayed an increased sensitivity to H₂O₂, superoxide-generating compounds (KO₂ and menadione) and iron depletion. Δnps6 mutants were also defective for the production of melanin and conidia. The introduction of a wild-type AaNPS6 under the control of its endogenous promoter to a Δnps6 null mutant at least partially restored siderophore production and virulence to citrus, demonstrating a functional link between iron uptake and fungal pathogenesis. Elevated sensitivity to H₂O₂, seen for the Δnps6 null strain could be relieved by exogenous application of ferric iron. The expression of the AaNPS6 gene was highly up-regulated under low-iron conditions and apparently controlled by the redox-responsive yeast transcriptional regulator YAP1. Hence, the maintenance of iron homeostasis via siderophore-mediated iron uptake also plays an important role in resistance to toxic reactive oxygen species (ROS). Our results demonstrate further the critical role of ROS detoxification for the pathogenicity of A. alternata in citrus.	2
Title: Equisetin biosynthesis in Fusarium heterosporum Abstract: An iterative polyketide synthase-peptide synthetase hybrid assembles the HIV-1 integrase inhibitory tetramic acid, equisetin, in the filamentous fungus Fusarium heterosporum.	2
Title: Tri13 and tri7 determine deoxynivalenol- and nivalenol-producing chemotypes of Gibberella zeae Abstract: Gibberella zeae, a major cause of cereal scab, can be divided into two chemotypes based on production of the 8-ketotrichothecenes deoxynivalenol (DON) and nivalenol (NIV). We cloned and sequenced a Tri13 homolog from each chemotype. The Tri13 from a NIV chemotype strain (88-1) is located in the trichothecene gene cluster and carries an open reading frame similar to that of Fusarium sporotrichioides, whereas the Tri13 from a DON chemotype strain (H-11) carries several mutations. To confirm the roles of the Tri13 and Tri7 genes in trichothecene production by G. zeae, we genetically altered toxin production in 88-1 and H-11. In transgenic strains, the targeted deletion of Tri13 from the genome of 88-1 caused production of DON rather than NIV. Heterologous expression of the 88-1 Tri13 gene alone or in combination with the 88-1 Tri7 gene conferred on H-11 the ability to synthesize NIV; in the latter case, 4-acetylnivalenol (4-ANIV) also was produced. These results suggest that Tri13 and Tri7 are required for oxygenation and acetylation of the oxygen at C-4 during synthesis of NIV and 4-ANIV in G. zeae. These functional analyses of the Tri13 and Tri7 genes provide the first clear evidence for the genetic basis of the DON and NIV chemotypes in G. zeae.	2
Title: Chaxapeptin, a Lasso Peptide from Extremotolerant Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii Strain C58 from the Hyperarid Atacama Desert Abstract: Lasso peptides are ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) that possess a unique "lariat knot" structural motif. Genome mining-targeted discovery of new natural products from microbes obtained from extreme environments has led to the identification of a gene cluster directing the biosynthesis of a new lasso peptide, designated as chaxapeptin 1, in the genome of Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii strain C58 isolated from the Atacama Desert. Subsequently, 1 was isolated and characterized using high-resolution electrospray ionization mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance methods. The lasso nature of 1 was confirmed by calculating its nuclear Overhauser effect restraint-based solution structure. Chaxapeptin 1 displayed a significant inhibitory activity in a cell invasion assay with human lung cancer cell line A549.	2
Title: Ralstonia solanacearum lipopeptide induces chlamydospore development in fungi and facilitates bacterial entry into fungal tissues Abstract: Ralstonia solanacearum is a globally distributed soil-borne plant pathogenic bacterium, which shares a broad ecological range with many plant- and soil-associated fungi. We sought to determine if R. solanacearum chemical communication directs symbiotic development of polymicrobial consortia. R. solanacearum produced a diffusible metabolite that induced conserved morphological differentiation in 34 species of fungi across three diverse taxa (Ascomycetes, Basidiomycetes and Zygomycetes). Fungi exposed to this metabolite formed chlamydospores, survival structures with thickened cell walls. Some chlamydospores internally harbored R. solanacearum, indicating a newly described endofungal lifestyle for this important plant pathogen. Using imaging mass spectrometry and peptidogenomics, we identified an undescribed lipopeptide, ralsolamycin, produced by an R. solanacearum non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase hybrid. Inactivation of the hybrid non-ribosomal peptide synthetase-polyketide synthase gene, rmyA, abolished ralsolamycin synthesis. R. solanacearum mutants lacking ralsolamycin no longer induced chlamydospore development in fungal coculture and invaded fungal hyphae less well than wild-type. We propose that ralsolamycin contributes to the invasion of fungal hyphae and that the formation of chlamydospores may provide not only a specific niche for bacterial colonization but also enhanced survival for the partnering fungus.	2
Title: Human commensals producing a novel antibiotic impair pathogen colonization Abstract: The vast majority of systemic bacterial infections are caused by facultative, often antibiotic-resistant, pathogens colonizing human body surfaces. Nasal carriage of Staphylococcus aureus predisposes to invasive infection, but the mechanisms that permit or interfere with pathogen colonization are largely unknown. Whereas soil microbes are known to compete by production of antibiotics, such processes have rarely been reported for human microbiota. We show that nasal Staphylococcus lugdunensis strains produce lugdunin, a novel thiazolidine-containing cyclic peptide antibiotic that prohibits colonization by S. aureus, and a rare example of a non-ribosomally synthesized bioactive compound from human-associated bacteria. Lugdunin is bactericidal against major pathogens, effective in animal models, and not prone to causing development of resistance in S. aureus. Notably, human nasal colonization by S. lugdunensis was associated with a significantly reduced S. aureus carriage rate, suggesting that lugdunin or lugdunin-producing commensal bacteria could be valuable for preventing staphylococcal infections. Moreover, human microbiota should be considered as a source for new antibiotics.	2
Title: Targeting DnaN for tuberculosis therapy using novel griselimycins Abstract: The discovery of Streptomyces-produced streptomycin founded the age of tuberculosis therapy. Despite the subsequent development of a curative regimen for this disease, tuberculosis remains a worldwide problem, and the emergence of multidrug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis has prioritized the need for new drugs. Here we show that new optimized derivatives from Streptomyces-derived griselimycin are highly active against M. tuberculosis, both in vitro and in vivo, by inhibiting the DNA polymerase sliding clamp DnaN. We discovered that resistance to griselimycins, occurring at very low frequency, is associated with amplification of a chromosomal segment containing dnaN, as well as the ori site. Our results demonstrate that griselimycins have high translational potential for tuberculosis treatment, validate DnaN as an antimicrobial target, and capture the process of antibiotic pressure-induced gene amplification.	2
Title: Warkmycin, a novel angucycline antibiotic produced by Streptomyces sp. Acta 2930 * Abstract: A novel angucycline-type antibiotic, warkmycin, was isolated from the culture filtrate of Streptomyces strain Acta 2930. Its chemical structure was elucidated by HR-MS, one-dimensional and 2D NMR experiments. The compound inhibits the growth of Gram-positive bacteria and shows a strong antiproliferative activity against mouse fibroblast cell line NIH-3T3 and human cancer cell lines HepG2 and HT29.	2
Title: Cervimycin A-D: A polyketide glycoside complex from a cave bacterium can defeat vancomycin resistance Abstract: Cervimycins A-D are novel polyketide glycosides with significant activity against multi-drug-resistant staphylococci and vancomycin-resistant enterococci. They are produced by a strain of Streptomyces tendae, isolated from an ancient cave. The structures of the cervimycins were determined by performing extensive NMR and chemical degradation studies. All cervimycins have a common tetracyclic polyketide core that is substituted with unusual di- and tetrasaccharide chains, composed exclusively of trideoxysugars; however, they differ in the acetyl and carbamoyl ring substituent and in the highly unusual terminal methylmalonyl and dimethylmalonyl residues.	2
Title: The cave microbiome as a source for drug discovery: Reality or pipe dream? Abstract: This review highlights cave habitats, cave microbiomes and their potential for drug discovery. Such studies face many challenges, including access to remote and pristine caves, and sample collection and transport. Inappropriate physical and chemical growth conditions in the laboratory for the isolation and cultivation of cave microorganisms pose many complications including length of cultivation; some cave microorganisms can take weeks and even months to grow. Additionally, DNA extraction from cave environmental samples may be difficult due to the high concentration of various minerals that are natural DNA blocking agents. Once cave microorganisms are grown in the lab, other problems often arise, such as maintenance of pure culture, consistency of antimicrobial activity and fermentation conditions for antimicrobial production. In this review, we suggest that, although based on what has been done in the field, there is potential in using cave microorganisms to produce antimicrobial agents, one needs to be highly committed and prepared.	2
Title: Cystargolides, 20S proteasome inhibitors isolated from Kitasatospora cystarginea Abstract: Two novel β-lactone-containing natural products, cystargolides A (1) and B (2), were isolated from the actinomycete Kitasatospora cystarginea. The production of these two natural products was highlighted using a methodology associating liquid chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS) analysis and the statistical analysis tool principal component analysis (PCA). Their structures were elucidated by interpretation of NMR experiments and tandem mass spectrometry. The absolute configurations of the amino acid residues were determined using Marfey's method, and the relative configurations of the β-lactone substituents were determined on the basis of the vicinal (3)J(HH) coupling value. Due to the presence of the β-lactone, 1 and 2 were evaluated for their ability to inhibit the human 20S proteasome. 1 and 2 both inhibited the 20S proteasome in vitro with IC50 values of 0.35 and 0.93 μM, respectively.	2
Title: A new structural class of proteasome inhibitors identified by microbial screening using yeast-based assay Abstract: A yeast-based growth interference assay was developed utilizing a yeast strain in which expression of Xenopus cyclin A1 was induced to elevate cell division cycle 28 (Cdc28) kinase activity. Since the hyperactivation of Cdc28 kinase in yeast results in a growth-arrest phenotype, compounds which could rescue the cyclin A1-induced growth arrest might be potential new, antitumor drug candidates acting on the cyclin-dependent, kinase-mediated, cell cycle regulation pathway. In the course of our microbial screening program, the new Streptomyces metabolites, belactosins, were identified. As reported previously, belactosin A induced cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase in human cancer cells. However, the molecular mechanism of action was unknown. We herein demonstrate the proteasome inhibition by belactosin A. Belactosin A did not inhibit yeast Cdc28 kinase and human cyclin-dependent kinase in vitro. On the other hand, it inhibited the chymotrypsin-like activity of the rabbit 20S proteasome. From the initial SAR studies, we identified a hydrophobic belactosin A derivative, KF33955, which exhibited a 100-fold greater growth-inhibitory activity against HeLa S3 cells than belactosin A, presumably due to its higher cell permeability. The biochemical analysis using KF33955 suggested that the proteasome inhibitory activity of KF33955 were irreversible and required the beta-lactone moiety to inhibit the proteasome. KF33955 increased the intracellular levels of protein ubiquitination in NIH3T3 cells. In addition, KF33955 treatment resulted in the accumulation of known proteasome substrates in HeLa S3 cells. These results identify belactosin A as a useful lead compound to target proteasome for the treatment of disease whose etiology is dependent on the unregulated ubiquitin-proteasome pathway.	2
Title: Crystal structures of peptide deformylase from rice pathogen Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae in complex with substrate peptides, actinonin, and fragment chemical compounds Abstract: Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae (Xoo) causes bacterial blight on rice; this species is one of the most destructive pathogenic bacteria in rice cultivation worldwide. Peptide deformylase (PDF) catalyzes the removal of the N-formyl group from the N-terminus of newly synthesized polypeptides in bacterial cells and is an important target to develop antibacterial agents. We determined crystal structures of Xoo PDF (XoPDF) at up to 1.9 Å resolution, which include apo, two substrate-bound (methionine-alanine or methionine-alanine-serine), an inhibitor-bound (actinonin), and six fragment chemical-bound structures. Six fragment chemical compounds were bound in the substrate-binding pocket. The fragment chemical-bound structures were compared to the natural PDF inhibitor actinonin-bound structure. The fragment chemical molecules will be useful to design an inhibitor specific to XoPDF and a potential pesticide against Xoo.	2
Title: Ligand and structure-based approaches for the identification of peptide deformylase inhibitors as antibacterial drugs Abstract: Peptide deformylase (PDF) is a metalloprotease catalyzing the removal of a formyl group from newly synthesized proteins, which makes it an important antibacterial drug target. Given the importance of PDF inhibitors like actinonin in antibacterial drug discovery, several reported potent PDF inhibitors were used to develop pharmacophore models using the Galahad module of Sybyl 7.1 software. Generated pharmacophore models were composed of two donor atom centers, four acceptor atom centers and two hydrophobic groups. Model-1 was screened against the Zinc database and several compounds were retrieved as hits. Compounds with Qfit values of more than 60 were employed to perform a molecular docking study with the receptor Escherichia coli PDF, then compounds with docking score values of more than 6 were used to predict the in silico pharmacokinetic and toxicity risk via OSIRIS property explorer. Two known PDF inhibitors were also used to perform a molecular docking study with E. coli PDF as reference molecules. The results of the molecular docking study were validated by reproducing the crystal structure of actinonin. Molecular docking and in silico pharmacokinetic and toxicity prediction studies suggested that ZINC08740166 has a relatively high docking score of 7.44 and a drug score of 0.78.	2
Title: Matlystatins, new inhibitors of type iv collagenases from actinomadura atramentaria. III. Structure elucidation of matlystatins A to F Abstract: The structures of matlystatins, novel type IV collagenase inhibitors isolated from Actinomadura atramentaria, have been determined by a systematic application of homo- and heteronuclear 2D NMR and FAB-MS/MS techniques. Their structures were characterized by the presence of piperazic acid and hydroxamic acid moieties, structural motifs often seen in protease inhibitors.	2
Title: Proteomic insight into the primycin fermentation process of Saccharomonospora azurea Abstract: Saccharomonospora azurea SZMC 14600 is a member of the family Pseudonocardiaceae exclusively used for industrial scale production of primycin a large 36-membered non-polyene macrolide lactone antibiotic belonging to the polyketide class of natural products. Even though maximum antibiotic yield has been achieved by empirically optimized two-step fermentation process, little is known about the molecular components and mechanisms underlying the efficient antibiotic production. In order to identify differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) between the pre- and main-fermentation stages of primycin, comparative 2D-PAGE experiments were performed. In total, 98 DEP spots were reproducibly detected, out of which four spots were excised from gels, and identified through MALDI-TOF/TOF mass spectrometry. Peptide mass fingerprint analysis revealed peptide matches to HicB antitoxin for the HicAB toxin-antitoxin system (EHK86651), to a nucleoside diphosphate kinase regulator ((Ndk; EHK81899) and two other proteins with unknown function (EHK88946 and EHK86777).	2
Title: Culture-independent discovery of the malacidins as calcium-dependent antibiotics with activity against multidrug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens Abstract: Despite the wide availability of antibiotics, infectious diseases remain a leading cause of death worldwide 1 . In the absence of new therapies, mortality rates due to untreatable infections are predicted to rise more than tenfold by 2050. Natural products (NPs) made by cultured bacteria have been a major source of clinically useful antibiotics. In spite of decades of productivity, the use of bacteria in the search for new antibiotics was largely abandoned due to high rediscovery rates2,3. As only a fraction of bacterial diversity is regularly cultivated in the laboratory and just a fraction of the chemistries encoded by cultured bacteria are detected in fermentation experiments, most bacterial NPs remain hidden in the global microbiome. In an effort to access these hidden NPs, we have developed a culture-independent NP discovery platform that involves sequencing, bioinformatic analysis and heterologous expression of biosynthetic gene clusters captured on DNA extracted from environmental samples. Here, we describe the application of this platform to the discovery of the malacidins, a distinctive class of antibiotics that are commonly encoded in soil microbiomes but have never been reported in culture-based NP discovery efforts. The malacidins are active against multidrug-resistant pathogens, sterilize methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus skin infections in an animal wound model and did not select for resistance under our laboratory conditions.	2
Title: Telomerase inhibitors identified by a forward chemical genetics approach using a yeast strain with shortened telomere length Abstract: Telomerase has been proposed as a selective target for cancer chemotherapy. We established a forward chemical genetics approach using a yeast strain with shortened telomere length. Since this strain rapidly enters cell senescence in the absence of active telomerase, compounds that induce selective growth defects against telomere-shortened yeast could be candidates for drugs acting on telomeres and telomerase. We screened our microbial products library and identified three structurally unrelated antibiotics, chrolactomycin, UCS1025A, and radicicol, as active compounds. Detailed analysis showed that chrolactomycin inhibited human telomerase in a cell-free assay as well as in a cellular assay. Long-term culture of cancer cells with chrolactomycin revealed population-doubling-dependent antiproliferative activity accompanied by telomere shortening. These results suggest that chrolactomycin is a telomerase inhibitor, and that the yeast-based assay is useful for discovering the small molecules acting on human telomerase.	2
Title: Three new antibiotic producing species of the genus Amycolatopsis, Amycolatopsis balhimycina sp. nov., A. tolypomycina sp. nov., A. vancoresmycina sp. nov., and description of Amycolatopsis keratiniphila subsp. keratiniphila subsp. nov. and A. keratiniphila subsp. nogabecina subsp. nov Abstract: Screening of Indian soils for strains producing antibiotics active against methicillin resistant staphylococci resulted in the isolation of the actinomycetes FH 1894T, ST 101170T, and FH 1893T, producing novel glycopeptide antibiotics and a polyenic compound, respectively. Studies of the cellular fatty acids and the absence of mycolic acids as well as the 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis of the producers indicated their membership to the genus Amycolatopsis. Comparison of genomic and metabolic properties of these strains with known species of this genus indicated that they represent new species for which the names Amycolatopsis balhimycina (type strain FH 1894T, DSM 44591T) and Amycolatopsis vancoresmycina (type strain ST 101170T, DSM 44592T) are proposed. The producer of the antibiotic Tolypomycin, strain IFO 14664T, representing the invalid species "Amycolatopsis tolypophorus", was also included in this investigation. As this strain was found to represent a valid species of the genus Amycolatopsis the name Amycolatopsis tolypomycina is proposed for this species, with the type strain IFO 14664T (DSM 44544T). The producer of the antibiotic Nogabecin, strain FH 1893T, was found to be closely related to the type strain of A. keratiniphila DSM 44409T which justifies the description of two subspecies of this species, A. keratiniphila subsp. keratiniphila DSM 44409T and A. keratiniphila subsp. nogabecina DSM 44586T.	2
Title: Marthiapeptide A, an anti-infective and cytotoxic polythiazole cyclopeptide from a 60 L scale fermentation of the deep sea-derived Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652 Abstract: A new sequential tristhiazole-thiazoline-containing cyclic peptide, marthiapeptide A (1), was isolated from a 60 L scale culture of the deep South China Sea-derived strain Marinactinospora thermotolerans SCSIO 00652. The planar structure and absolute configuration of 1 were elucidated by application of spectroscopic techniques, as well as by single-crystal X-ray diffraction and chiral-phase HPLC analysis of the acid hydrolysates. Marthiapeptide A (1) exhibited antibacterial activity against a panel of Gram-positive bacteria, with MIC values ranging from 2.0 to 8.0 μg/mL, and displayed strong cytotoxic activity against a panel of human cancer cell lines with IC(50) values ranging from 0.38 to 0.52 μM.	2
Title: Thiopeptin, a new feed additive antibiotic: microbiological and chemical studies. Abstract: The thiopeptins are a new group of sulfur-containing peptide antibiotics produced by Streptomyces tateyamensis. The antibiotic consists of a major component (designated as thiopeptin B) and four minor ones (thiopeptins A(1) to A(4)). These components were isolated by solvent extraction from mycelium followed by chromatography on silica gel with various ratios of chloroform and methanol as elution solvents. Acid hydrolysis of each of the thiopeptin components yielded 1 mole of valine, 1 of threonine, 1 of cysteine, and 2 of alanine as amino acids. Each component of the thiopeptin A group has chemical and biological properties closely similar to those of thiopeptin B, but detailed characterization has established that thiopeptins A(1), A(3), and A(4) are new antibiotics. We could not obtain accurate data for determination of the uniqueness of A(2) because of insufficient sample. Thiopeptin has strong antibacterial activity against gram-positive bacteria and Mycoplasma, and exhibits no cross-resistance to major human-use antibiotics.	2
Title: Decoding cyclase-dependent assembly of hapalindole and fischerindole alkaloids Abstract: The formation of C-C bonds in an enantioselective fashion to create complex polycyclic scaffolds in the hapalindole- and fischerindole- type alkaloids from Stigonematales cyanobacteria represents a compelling and urgent challenge in adapting microbial biosynthesis as a catalytic platform in drug development. Here we determine the biochemical basis for tri- and tetracyclic core formation in these secondary metabolites, involving a new class of cyclases that catalyze a complex cyclization cascade.	2
Title: Genomics-Inspired Discovery of Three Antibacterial Active Metabolites, Aurantinins B, C, and D from Compost-Associated Bacillus subtilis fmb60 Abstract: Fmb60 is a wild-type Bacillus subtilis isolated from compost with significant broad-spectrum antimicrobial activities. Two novel PKS clusters were recognized in the genome sequence of fmb60, and then three polyene antibiotics, aurantinins B, C, and D, 1-3, were obtained by bioactivity-guided isolation from the fermentation of fmb60. The structures of aurantinins B-D were elucidated by LC-HRMS and NMR data analysis. Aurantinins C and D were identified as new antimicrobial compounds. The three aurantinins showed significant activity against multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and Clostridium sporogenes. However, aurantinins B-D did not exhibit any cytotoxicity (IC50 > 100 μg/mL) against LO2 and Caco2 cell lines by MTT assay. Furthermore, using S. aureus as a model bacterium to explore the antibacterial mechanism of aurantinins B-D, it was revealed that the bactericidal activity of aurantinins B-D was related to their ability to disrupt the cell membrane.	2
Title: Discovery of a Pederin Family Compound in a Nonsymbiotic Bloom-Forming Cyanobacterium Abstract: The pederin family includes a number of bioactive compounds isolated from symbiotic organisms of diverse evolutionary origin. Pederin is linked to beetle-induced dermatitis in humans, and pederin family members possess potent antitumor activity caused by selective inhibition of the eukaryotic ribosome. Their biosynthesis is accomplished by a polyketide/nonribosomal peptide synthetase machinery employing an unusual trans-acyltransferase mechanism. Here, we report a novel pederin type compound, cusperin, from the free-living cyanobacterium Cuspidothrix issatschenkoi (earlier Aphanizomenon). The chemical structure of cusperin is similar to that of nosperin recently isolated from the lichen cyanobiont Nostoc sharing the tehrahydropyran moiety and major part of the linear backbone. However, the cusperin molecule is extended by a glycine residue and lacks one hydroxyl substituent. Pederins were previously thought to be exclusive to symbiotic relationships. However, C. issatschenkoi is a nonsymbiotic planktonic organism and a frequent component of toxic water blooms. Cusperin is devoid of the cytotoxic activity reported for other pederin family members. Hence, our findings raise questions about the role of pederin analogues in cyanobacteria and broaden the knowledge of ecological distribution of this group of polyketides.	2
Title: Accessing chemical diversity from the uncultivated symbionts of small marine animals Abstract: Chemistry drives many biological interactions between the microbiota and host animals, yet it is often challenging to identify the chemicals involved. This poses a problem, as such small molecules are excellent sources of potential pharmaceuticals, pretested by nature for animal compatibility. We discovered anti-HIV compounds from small, marine tunicates from the Eastern Fields of Papua New Guinea. Tunicates are a reservoir for new bioactive chemicals, yet their small size often impedes identification or even detection of the chemicals within. We solved this problem by combining chemistry, metagenomics, and synthetic biology to directly identify and synthesize the natural products. We show that these anti-HIV compounds, the divamides, are a novel family of lanthipeptides produced by symbiotic bacteria living in the tunicate. Neighboring animal colonies contain structurally related divamides that differ starkly in their biological properties, suggesting a role for biosynthetic plasticity in a native context wherein biological interactions take place.	2
Title: Accessing chemical diversity from the uncultivated symbionts of small marine animals Abstract: Chemistry drives many biological interactions between the microbiota and host animals, yet it is often challenging to identify the chemicals involved. This poses a problem, as such small molecules are excellent sources of potential pharmaceuticals, pretested by nature for animal compatibility. We discovered anti-HIV compounds from small, marine tunicates from the Eastern Fields of Papua New Guinea. Tunicates are a reservoir for new bioactive chemicals, yet their small size often impedes identification or even detection of the chemicals within. We solved this problem by combining chemistry, metagenomics, and synthetic biology to directly identify and synthesize the natural products. We show that these anti-HIV compounds, the divamides, are a novel family of lanthipeptides produced by symbiotic bacteria living in the tunicate. Neighboring animal colonies contain structurally related divamides that differ starkly in their biological properties, suggesting a role for biosynthetic plasticity in a native context wherein biological interactions take place.	2
Title: Substrate-assisted enzymatic formation of lysinoalanine in duramycin Abstract: Duramycin is a heavily post-translationally modified peptide that binds phosphatidylethanolamine. It has been investigated as an antibiotic, an inhibitor of viral entry, a therapeutic for cystic fibrosis, and a tumor and vasculature imaging agent. Duramycin contains a β-hydroxylated Asp (Hya) and four macrocycles, including an essential lysinoalanine (Lal) cross-link. The mechanism of Lal formation is not known. Here we show that Lal is installed stereospecifically by DurN via addition of Lys19 to a dehydroalanine. The structure of DurN reveals an unusual dimer with a new fold. Surprisingly, in the structure of duramycin bound to DurN, no residues of the enzyme are near the Lal cross-link. Instead, Hya15 of the substrate makes interactions with Lal, suggesting it acts as a base to deprotonate Lys19 during catalysis. Biochemical data suggest that DurN preorganizes the reactive conformation of the substrate, such that the Hya15 of the substrate can serve as the catalytic base for Lal formation.	2
Title: Chemical warfare between leafcutter ant symbionts and a co-evolved pathogen Abstract: Acromyrmex leafcutter ants form a mutually beneficial symbiosis with the fungus Leucoagaricus gongylophorus and with Pseudonocardia bacteria. Both are vertically transmitted and actively maintained by the ants. The fungus garden is manured with freshly cut leaves and provides the sole food for the ant larvae, while Pseudonocardia cultures are reared on the ant-cuticle and make antifungal metabolites to help protect the cultivar against disease. If left unchecked, specialized parasitic Escovopsis fungi can overrun the fungus garden and lead to colony collapse. We report that Escovopsis upregulates the production of two specialized metabolites when it infects the cultivar. These compounds inhibit Pseudonocardia and one, shearinine D, also reduces worker behavioral defenses and is ultimately lethal when it accumulates in ant tissues. Our results are consistent with an active evolutionary arms race between Pseudonocardia and Escovopsis, which modifies both bacterial and behavioral defenses such that colony collapse is unavoidable once Escovopsis infections escalate.	2
Title: Chemical warfare between leafcutter ant symbionts and a co-evolved pathogen Abstract: Acromyrmex leafcutter ants form a mutually beneficial symbiosis with the fungus Leucoagaricus gongylophorus and with Pseudonocardia bacteria. Both are vertically transmitted and actively maintained by the ants. The fungus garden is manured with freshly cut leaves and provides the sole food for the ant larvae, while Pseudonocardia cultures are reared on the ant-cuticle and make antifungal metabolites to help protect the cultivar against disease. If left unchecked, specialized parasitic Escovopsis fungi can overrun the fungus garden and lead to colony collapse. We report that Escovopsis upregulates the production of two specialized metabolites when it infects the cultivar. These compounds inhibit Pseudonocardia and one, shearinine D, also reduces worker behavioral defenses and is ultimately lethal when it accumulates in ant tissues. Our results are consistent with an active evolutionary arms race between Pseudonocardia and Escovopsis, which modifies both bacterial and behavioral defenses such that colony collapse is unavoidable once Escovopsis infections escalate.	2
Title: Decoding cyclase-dependent assembly of hapalindole and fischerindole alkaloids Abstract: The formation of C-C bonds in an enantioselective fashion to create complex polycyclic scaffolds in the hapalindole- and fischerindole- type alkaloids from Stigonematales cyanobacteria represents a compelling and urgent challenge in adapting microbial biosynthesis as a catalytic platform in drug development. Here we determine the biochemical basis for tri- and tetracyclic core formation in these secondary metabolites, involving a new class of cyclases that catalyze a complex cyclization cascade.	2
Title: Fluostatins M-Q featuring a 6-5-6-6 ring skeleton and high oxidized a-rings from marine streptomyces sp. PKU-MA00045 Abstract: Aromatic polyketides from marine actinomycetes have received increasing attention due to their unusual structures and potent bioactivities. Compared to their terrestrial counterparts, marine aromatic polyketides have been less discovered and their structural and biological diversities are far from being fully investigated. In this study, we employed a PCR-based genome mining method to discover aromatic polyketides in our marine bacteria collection. Five new atypical angucyclinones, fluostatins M-Q (1-5) featuring a unique 6-5-6-6 ring skeleton, were discovered from one "positive" Streptomyces sp. PKU-MA00045. The structures of fluostatins M-Q (1-5) were elucidated based on comprehensive spectroscopic analyses and the crystallographic structure of fluostatin P (4), which contains the most oxidized A-ring, was solved by X-ray diffraction analysis with Cu Kα radiation. Compared to the published 16 fluostatin analogues, fluostatins M-Q (1-5) contained a different methoxy group attached at C-7 and hydroxy group attached at C-4, enriching the structural diversity of aromatic polyketides from marine actinomycetes. Genome sequencing of Streptomyces sp. PKU-MA00045 revealed the biosynthetic gene cluster of fluostatins M-Q (1-5), which contained different genes and gene organizations compared to known fluostatin gene clusters, facilitating the investigation of the biosynthesis of the unique 6-5-6-6 ring skeleton in all fluostatins.	2
Title: NRPS-Derived Isoquinolines and Lipopetides Mediate Antagonism between Plant Pathogenic Fungi and Bacteria Abstract: Bacterial-fungal interactions are presumed to be mediated chiefly by small-molecule signals; however, little is known about the signaling networks that regulate antagonistic relationships between pathogens. Here, we show that the ralstonins, lipopeptides produced by the plant pathogenic bacteria Ralstonia solanacearum, interfere with germination of the plant-pathogenic fungus Aspergillus flavus by down-regulating expression of a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC), named imq. Comparative metabolomic analysis of overexpression strains of the transcription factor ImqK revealed imq-dependent production of a family of tripeptide-derived alkaloids, the imizoquins. These alkaloids are produced via a nonribosomal peptide synthetase- (NRPS-)derived tripeptide and contain an unprecedented tricyclic imidazo[2,1-a]isoquinoline ring system. We show that the imizoquins serve a protective role against oxidative stress that is essential for normal A. flavus germination. Supplementation of purified imizoquins restored wildtype germination to a ΔimqK A. flavus strain and protected the fungus from ROS damage. Whereas the bacterial ralstonins retarded A. flavus germination and suppressed expression of the imq cluster, the fungal imizoquins in turn suppressed growth of R. solanacearum. We suggest such reciprocal small-molecule-mediated antagonism is a common feature in microbial encounters affecting pathogenicity and survival of the involved species.	2
Title: Acinetodin and Klebsidin, RNA Polymerase Targeting Lasso Peptides Produced by Human Isolates of Acinetobacter gyllenbergii and Klebsiella pneumoniae Abstract: We report the bioinformatic prediction and structural validation of two lasso peptides, acinetodin and klebsidin, encoded by the genomes of several human-associated strains of Acinetobacter and Klebsiella. Computation of the three-dimensional structures of these peptides using NMR NOESY constraints verifies that they contain a lasso motif. Despite the lack of sequence similarity to each other or to microcin J25, a prototypical lasso peptide and transcription inhibitor from Escherichia coli, acinetodin and klebsidin also inhibit transcript elongation by the E. coli RNA polymerase by binding to a common site. Yet, unlike microcin J25, acinetodin and klebsidin are unable to permeate wild type E. coli cells and inhibit their growth. We show that the E. coli cells become sensitive to klebsidin when expressing the outer membrane receptor FhuA homologue from Klebsiella pneumoniae. It thus appears that specificity to a common target, the RNA polymerase secondary channel, can be attained by a surprisingly diverse set of primary sequences folded into a common threaded-lasso fold. In contrast, transport into cells containing sensitive targets appears to be much more specific and must be the major determinant of the narrow range of bioactivity of known lasso peptides.	2
Title: Linfuranones B and C, Furanone-Containing Polyketides from a Plant-Associated Sphaerimonospora mesophila Abstract: Two new furanone-containing polyketides, linfuranones B and C, were isolated from a plant-associated actinomycete of the genus Sphaerimonospora. Their structures were determined by NMR and MS spectroscopic analyses, and the absolute configurations were established by anisotropic methods and chemical degradation approaches. In silico analysis of biosynthetic genes suggested that linfuranone B is generated from linfuranone C by oxidative cleavage of the polyketide chain. Linfuranones B and C induced preadipocyte differentiation into matured adipocytes at 20-40 μM without showing cytotoxicity.	2
Title: Odilorhabdins, Antibacterial Agents that Cause Miscoding by Binding at a New Ribosomal Site Abstract: Growing resistance of pathogenic bacteria and shortage of antibiotic discovery platforms challenge the use of antibiotics in the clinic. This threat calls for exploration of unconventional sources of antibiotics and identification of inhibitors able to eradicate resistant bacteria. Here we describe a different class of antibiotics, odilorhabdins (ODLs), produced by the enzymes of the non-ribosomal peptide synthetase gene cluster of the nematode-symbiotic bacterium Xenorhabdus nematophila. ODLs show activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative pathogens, including carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, and can eradicate infections in animal models. We demonstrate that the bactericidal ODLs interfere with protein synthesis. Genetic and structural analyses reveal that ODLs bind to the small ribosomal subunit at a site not exploited by current antibiotics. ODLs induce miscoding and promote hungry codon readthrough, amino acid misincorporation, and premature stop codon bypass. We propose that ODLs' miscoding activity reflects their ability to increase the affinity of non-cognate aminoacyl-tRNAs to the ribosome.	2
Title: Detection of misidentifications of species from the Burkholderia cepacia complex and description of a new member, the soil bacterium Burkholderia catarinensis sp. nov. Abstract: The correct identification of bacteria from the Burkholderia cepacia complex (Bcc) is crucial for epidemiological studies and treatment of cystic fibrosis infections. However, genome-based identification tools are revealing many controversial Bcc species assignments. The aim of this work is to re-examine the taxonomic position of the soil bacterium B. cepacia 89 through polyphasic and genomic approaches. recA and 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis positioned strain 89 inside the Bcc group. However, based on the divergence score of seven concatenated allele sequences, and values of average nucleotide identity, and digital DNA:DNA hybridization, our results suggest that strain 89 is different from other Bcc species formerly described. Thus, we propose to classify Burkholderia sp. 89 as the novel species Burkholderia catarinensis sp. nov. with strain 89T (=DSM 103188T = BR 10601T) as the type strain. Moreover, our results call the attention to some probable misidentifications of Bcc genomes at the National Center for Biotechnology Information database.	2
Title: Natural noncanonical protein splicing yields products with diverse b-amino acid residues Abstract: Current textbook knowledge holds that the structural scope of ribosomal biosynthesis is based exclusively on α-amino acid backbone topology. Here we report the genome-guided discovery of bacterial pathways that posttranslationally create β-amino acid-containing products. The transformation is widespread in bacteria and is catalyzed by an enzyme belonging to a previously uncharacterized radical S-adenosylmethionine family. We show that the β-amino acids result from an unusual protein splicing process involving backbone carbon-carbon bond cleavage and net excision of tyramine. The reaction can be used to incorporate diverse and multiple β-amino acids into genetically encoded precursors in Escherichia coli In addition to enlarging the set of basic amino acid components, the excision generates keto functions that are useful as orthogonal reaction sites for chemical diversification.	2
Title: Evolutionary stability of antibiotic protection in a defensive symbiosis Abstract: The increasing resistance of human pathogens severely limits the efficacy of antibiotics in medicine, yet many animals, including solitary beewolf wasps, successfully engage in defensive alliances with antibiotic-producing bacteria for millions of years. Here, we report on the in situ production of 49 derivatives belonging to three antibiotic compound classes (45 piericidin derivatives, 3 streptochlorin derivatives, and nigericin) by the symbionts of 25 beewolf host species and subspecies, spanning 68 million years of evolution. Despite a high degree of qualitative stability in the antibiotic mixture, we found consistent quantitative differences between species and across geographic localities, presumably reflecting adaptations to combat local pathogen communities. Antimicrobial bioassays with the three main components and in silico predictions based on the structure and specificity in polyketide synthase domains of the piericidin biosynthesis gene cluster yield insights into the mechanistic basis and ecoevolutionary implications of producing a complex mixture of antimicrobial compounds in a natural setting.	2
Title: Pristinol, a Sesquiterpene Alcohol with an Unusual Skeleton from Streptomyces pristinaespiralis Abstract: A terpene cyclase from Streptomyces pristinaespiralis was characterized as the synthase for (+)-(2S,3S,9R)-pristinol. The structure of this sesquiterpene alcohol, which has a new carbon skeleton, was established by NMR spectroscopy and single-wavelength anomalous-dispersion X-ray crystallography. Extensive isotopic labelling experiments were performed to distinguish between various possible cyclization mechanisms of the terpene cyclase and to decipher the EI-MS fragmentation mechanism for pristinol.	2
Title: Regulating Alternative Lifestyles in Entomopathogenic Bacteria Abstract: Bacteria belonging to the genera Photorhabdus and Xenorhabdus participate in a trilateral symbiosis in which they enable their nematode hosts to parasitize insect larvae. The bacteria switch from persisting peacefully in a nematode's digestive tract to a lifestyle in which pathways to produce insecticidal toxins, degrading enzymes to digest the insect for consumption, and antibiotics to ward off bacterial and fungal competitors are activated. This study addresses three questions: (1) What molecular signal triggers antibiotic production in the bacteria? (2) What small molecules are regulated by the signal? And (3), how do the bacteria recognize the signal? Differential metabolomic profiling in Photorhabdus luminescens TT01 and Xenorhabdus nematophila revealed that L-proline in the insect's hemolymph initiates a metabolic shift. Small molecules known to be crucial for virulence and antibiosis in addition to previously unknown metabolites are dramatically upregulated by L-proline, linking the recognition of host environment to bacterial metabolic regulation. To identify the L-proline-induced signaling pathway, we deleted the proline transporters putP and proU in P. luminescens TT01. Studies of these strains support a model in which acquisition of L-proline both regulates the metabolic shift and maintains the bacterial proton motive force that ultimately regulates the downstream bacterial pathways affecting virulence and antibiotic production.	2
Title: Rifamorpholines A-E, potential antibiotics from locust-Associated actinobacteria: Amycolatopsis sp. Hca4 Abstract: Cultivation of locust associated rare actinobacteria, Amycolatopsis sp. HCa4, has provided five unusual macrolactams rifamorpholines A-E. Their structures were determined by interpretation of spectroscopic and crystallographic data. Rifamorpholines A-E possess an unprecedented 5/6/6/6 ring chromophore, representing a new subclass of rifamycin antibiotics. The biosynthetic pathway for compounds 1-5 involves a key 1,6-cyclization for the formation of the morpholine ring. Compounds 2 and 4 showed potent activities against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) with MICs of 4.0 and 8.0 μM, respectively.	2
Title: Chemical warfare between leafcutter ant symbionts and a co-evolved pathogen Abstract: Acromyrmex leafcutter ants form a mutually beneficial symbiosis with the fungus Leucoagaricus gongylophorus and with Pseudonocardia bacteria. Both are vertically transmitted and actively maintained by the ants. The fungus garden is manured with freshly cut leaves and provides the sole food for the ant larvae, while Pseudonocardia cultures are reared on the ant-cuticle and make antifungal metabolites to help protect the cultivar against disease. If left unchecked, specialized parasitic Escovopsis fungi can overrun the fungus garden and lead to colony collapse. We report that Escovopsis upregulates the production of two specialized metabolites when it infects the cultivar. These compounds inhibit Pseudonocardia and one, shearinine D, also reduces worker behavioral defenses and is ultimately lethal when it accumulates in ant tissues. Our results are consistent with an active evolutionary arms race between Pseudonocardia and Escovopsis, which modifies both bacterial and behavioral defenses such that colony collapse is unavoidable once Escovopsis infections escalate.	2
Title: Suicin 3908, a new lantibiotic produced by a strain of Streptococcus suis serotype 2 isolated from a healthy carrier pig Abstract: While Streptococcus suis serotype 2 is known to cause severe infections in pigs, it can also be isolated from the tonsils of healthy animals that do not develop infections. We hypothesized that S. suis strains in healthy carrier pigs may have the ability to produce bacteriocins, which may contribute to preventing infections by pathogenic S. suis strains. Two of ten S. suis serotype 2 strains isolated from healthy carrier pigs exhibited antibacterial activity against pathogenic S. suis isolates. The bacteriocin produced by S. suis 3908 was purified to homogeneity using a three-step procedure: ammonium sulfate precipitation, cationic exchange HPLC, and reversed-phase HPLC. The bacteriocin, called suicin 3908, had a low molecular mass; was resistant to heat, pH, and protease treatments; and possessed membrane permeabilization activity. Additive effects were obtained when suicin 3908 was used in combination with penicillin G or amoxicillin. The amino acid sequence of suicin 3908 suggested that it is lantibiotic-related and made it possible to identify a bacteriocin locus in the genome of S. suis D12. The putative gene cluster involved in suicin production by S. suis 3908 was amplified by PCR, and the sequence analysis revealed the presence of nine open reading frames (ORFs), including the structural gene and those required for the modification of amino acids, export, regulation, and immunity. Suicin 3908, which is encoded by the suiA gene, exhibited approximately 50% identity with bovicin HJ50 (Streptococcus bovis), thermophilin 1277 (Streptococcus thermophilus), and macedovicin (Streptococcus macedonicus). Given that S. suis 3908 cannot cause infections in animal models, that it is susceptible to conventional antibiotics, and that it produces a bacteriocin with antibacterial activity against all pathogenic S. suis strains tested, it could potentially be used to prevent infections and to reduce antibiotic use by the swine industry.	2
Title: Suicin 90-1330 from a nonvirulent strain of Streptococcus suis: A nisin-related lantibiotic active on gram-positive swine pathogens Abstract: Streptococcus suis serotype 2 is known to cause severe infections (meningitis, endocarditis, and septicemia) in pigs and is considered an emerging zoonotic agent. Antibiotics have long been used in the swine industry for disease treatment/prevention and growth promoters. This pattern of utilization resulted in the spread of antibiotic resistance in S. suis worldwide. Interestingly, pigs may harbor S. suis in their tonsils without developing diseases, while North American strains belonging to the sequence type 28 (ST28) are nonvirulent in animal models. Consequently, the aim of this study was to purify and characterize a bacteriocin produced by a nonvirulent strain of S. suis serotype 2, with a view to a potential therapeutic and preventive application. S. suis 90-1330 belonging to ST28 and previously shown to be nonvirulent in an animal model exhibited antibacterial activity toward all S. suis pathogenic isolates tested. The bacteriocin produced by this strain was purified to homogeneity by cationic exchange and reversed-phase fast protein liquid chromatography. Given its properties (molecular mass of <4 kDa, heat, pH and protease stability, and the presence of modified amino acids), the bacteriocin, named suicin 90-1330, belongs to the lantibiotic class. Using a DNA-binding fluorophore, the bacteriocin was found to possess a membrane permeabilization activity. When tested on other swine pathogens, the suicin showed activity against Staphylococcus hyicus and Staphylococcus aureus, whereas it was inactive against all Gram-negative bacteria tested. Amino acid sequencing of the purified bacteriocin showed homology (90.9% identity) with nisin U produced by Streptococcus uberis. The putative gene cluster involved in suicin production was amplified by PCR and sequence analysis revealed the presence of 11 open reading frames, including the structural gene and those required for the modification of amino acids, export, regulation, and immunity. Further studies will evaluate the ability of suicin 90-1330 or the producing strain to prevent experimental S. suis infections in pigs.	2
Title: Discovery of Ibomycin, a Complex Macrolactone that Exerts Antifungal Activity by Impeding Endocytic Trafficking and Membrane Function Abstract: Natural products are invaluable historic sources of drugs for infectious diseases; however, the discovery of novel antimicrobial chemical scaffolds has waned in recent years. Concurrently, there is a pressing need for improved therapeutics to treat fungal infections. We employed a co-culture screen to identify ibomycin, a large polyketide macrolactone that has preferential killing activity against Cryptococcus neoformans. Using chemical and genome methods, we determined the structure of ibomycin and identified the biosynthetic cluster responsible for its synthesis. Chemogenomic profiling coupled with cell biological assays link ibomycin bioactivity to membrane function. The preferential activity of ibomycin toward C. neoformans is due to the ability of the compound to selectively permeate its cell wall. These results delineate a novel antifungal agent that is produced by one of the largest documented biosynthetic clusters to date and underscore the fact that there remains significant untapped chemical diversity of natural products with application in antimicrobial research.	2
Title: Tridecaptin M, a new variant discovered in mud bacterium, shows activity against colistin- And extremely drug-resistant Enterobacteriaceae Abstract: The World Health Organization has categorized the Gram-negative superbugs, which are inherently impervious to many antibiotics, as critical priority pathogens due to the lack of effective treatments. The breach in our last-resort antibiotic (i.e., colistin) by extensively drug-resistant and pan-drug-resistant Enterobacteriaceae strains demands the immediate development of new therapies. In the present study, we report the discovery of tridecaptin M, a new addition to the family, and its potential against colistin-resistant Enterobacteriaceae in vitro and in vivo Also, we performed mode-of-action studies using various fluorescent probes and studied the hemolytic activity and mammalian cytotoxicity in two cell lines. Tridecaptin M displayed strong antibacterial activity (MICs of 2 to 8 μg ml-1) against clinical strains of Klebsiella pneumoniae (which were resistant to colistin, carbapenems, third- and fourth-generation cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, fosfomycin, and other antibiotics) and mcr-1-positive Escherichia coli strains. Unlike polymyxins, tridecaptin M did not permeabilize the outer membrane or cytoplasmic membrane. It blocked ATP synthesis in bacteria by dissipating the proton motive force. The compound exhibited negligible acquired resistance, low in vitro cytotoxicity and hemolytic activity, and no significant acute toxicity in mice. It also showed promising efficacy in a thigh infection model of colistin-resistant K. pneumoniae Altogether, these results demonstrate the future prospects of this class of antibiotics to address the unmet medical need to circumvent colistin resistance in extensively drug-resistant Enterobacteriaceae infections. The work also emphasizes the importance of natural products in our shrunken drug discovery pipeline.	2
Title: Alkaloids from an endophytic streptomyces sp. YIM66017 Abstract: Three alkaloids, flavensomycinoic acid (1), a linear polyketide, alpiniamide (2), and cyclo (L-Trp-L-Ala) (3), were isolated from the culture filtrate of endophytic Streptomyces sp. YIM66017 from Alpinia oxyphylla. Their structures were elucidated by spectroscopic analysis and the structure of 1 was confirmed by X-ray crystallographic analysis. Compound 1 was isolated from a natural source for the first time, and compound 2 is a new compound. Compound 1 showed cytotoxicity to MCF-7 with an IC50 value of 17.0 microM.	2
Title: The Nargenicin Family of Oxa-Bridged Macrolide Antibiotics Abstract: The nargenicin family of antibiotic macrolides comprise a group of bacterial natural products with a rare ether bridged cis-decalin moiety and a narrow spectrum of activity. Most family members were identified almost four decades ago and were placed on the shelf due to the numbers of broad-spectrum compounds available at the time. However, in light of rising rates of antimicrobial resistance, there has been a renewed interest in the use of narrow-spectrum antimicrobials. Here, we review the history of this family of compounds, including synthetic approaches, and highlight the recently uncovered genetic basis for nargenicin production. Given the renewed pharmaceutical interest in these compounds, we also investigate structure-activity relationships among these molecules, with a view to the future development of members of this unusual antibiotic family.	2
Title: Product of fosC, a gene from Pseudomonas syringae, mediates fosfomycin resistance by using ATP as cosubstrate Abstract: Pseudomonas syringe PB-5123, a producer of fosfomycin, is resistant to high concentrations of the antibiotic. Two possible mechanisms of resistance have been detected: (i) impermeability to exogenous fosfomycin, even in the presence of sugar phosphate uptake inducers, and (ii) antibiotic phosphorylation. The gene responsible for this last activity, fosC, encodes a ca. 19,000-Da protein and is immediately followed by a second open reading frame, which shows sequence similarities to glutathione S-transferases. FosC uses ATP as a cosubstrate in an inactivation reaction that can be reversed with alkaline phosphatase. Other nucleotide triphosphates cannot be substituted for ATP in this reaction. No relationship between fosC and the previously described genes of fosfomycin resistance was found.	2
Title: Mechanism of a Class C Radical S-Adenosyl- l -methionine Thiazole Methyl Transferase Abstract: The past decade has seen the discovery of four different classes of radical S-adenosylmethionine (rSAM) methyltransferases that methylate unactivated carbon centers. Whereas the mechanism of class A is well understood, the molecular details of methylation by classes B-D are not. In this study, we present detailed mechanistic investigations of the class C rSAM methyltransferase TbtI involved in the biosynthesis of the potent thiopeptide antibiotic thiomuracin. TbtI C-methylates a Cys-derived thiazole during posttranslational maturation. Product analysis demonstrates that two SAM molecules are required for methylation and that one SAM (SAM1) is converted to 5'-deoxyadenosine and the second SAM (SAM2) is converted to S-adenosyl-l-homocysteine (SAH). Isotope labeling studies show that a hydrogen is transferred from the methyl group of SAM2 to the 5'-deoxyadenosine of SAM1 and the other two hydrogens of the methyl group of SAM2 appear in the methylated product. In addition, a hydrogen appears to be transferred from the β-position of the thiazole to the methyl group in the product. We also show that the methyl protons in the product can exchange with solvent. A mechanism consistent with these observations is presented that differs from other characterized radical SAM methyltransferases.	2
Title: The antimicrobial potential of Streptomyces from insect microbiomes Abstract: Antimicrobial resistance is a global health crisis and few novel antimicrobials have been discovered in recent decades. Natural products, particularly from Streptomyces, are the source of most antimicrobials, yet discovery campaigns focusing on Streptomyces from the soil largely rediscover known compounds. Investigation of understudied and symbiotic sources has seen some success, yet no studies have systematically explored microbiomes for antimicrobials. Here we assess the distinct evolutionary lineages of Streptomyces from insect microbiomes as a source of new antimicrobials through large-scale isolations, bioactivity assays, genomics, metabolomics, and in vivo infection models. Insect-associated Streptomyces inhibit antimicrobial-resistant pathogens more than soil Streptomyces. Genomics and metabolomics reveal their diverse biosynthetic capabilities. Further, we describe cyphomycin, a new molecule active against multidrug resistant fungal pathogens. The evolutionary trajectories of Streptomyces from the insect microbiome influence their biosynthetic potential and ability to inhibit resistant pathogens, supporting the promise of this source in augmenting future antimicrobial discovery.	2
Title: Aranazoles: Extensively Chlorinated Nonribosomal Peptide-Polyketide Hybrids from the Cyanobacterium Fischerella sp. PCC 9339 Abstract: An analysis of cyanobacterial genomes revealed an architecturally unique biosynthetic gene cluster with an unusually high number of genes encoding predicted iron(II)/α-ketoglutarate-dependent halogenases. Mass spectrometry-guided identification of the corresponding metabolites yielded the aranazoles, extensively halogenated nonribosomal peptide-polyketide hybrids. Their chlorine-bearing fatty acyl-like moiety is reminiscent of the hyperhalogenated chlorosulfolipids, natural products of unknown enzymatic origin that were previously isolated from eukaryotic algae and mussels.	2
Title: Quorum sensing and iron regulate a two-for-one siderophore gene cluster in Vibrio harveyi Abstract: The secretion of small Fe-binding molecules called siderophores is an important microbial strategy for survival in Fe-limited environments. Siderophore production is often regulated by quorum sensing (QS), a microbial counting technique that allows organisms to alter gene expression based on cell density. However, the identity and quantities of siderophores produced under QS regulation are rarely studied in the context of their roles in Fe uptake. We investigated the link between QS, siderophores, and Fe uptake in the model marine organism Vibrio harveyi where QS is thought to repress siderophore production. We find that V. harveyi uses a single QS- and Fe-repressed gene cluster to produce both cell-associated siderophores (amphiphilic enterobactins) as well as several related soluble siderophores, which we identify and quantify using liquid chromatography-coupled (LC)-MS as well as tandem high-resolution MS (LC-HR-MS/MS). Measurements of siderophore production show that soluble siderophores are present at ∼100× higher concentrations than amphi-enterobactin and that over the course of growth V. harveyi decreases amphi-enterobactin concentrations but accumulates soluble siderophores. 55Fe radio-tracer uptake experiments demonstrate that these soluble siderophores play a significant role in Fe uptake and that the QS-dictated concentrations of soluble siderophores in stationary phase are near the limit of cellular uptake capacities. We propose that cell-associated and soluble siderophores are beneficial to V. harveyi in different environmental and growth contexts and that QS allows V. harveyi to exploit "knowledge" of its population size to avoid unnecessary siderophore production.	2
Title: Reprogramming of the antimycin NRPS-PKS assembly lines inspired by gene evolution Abstract: Reprogramming of the NRPS/PKS assembly line is an attractive method for the production of new bioactive molecules. However, it is usually hampered by the loss of intimate domain/module interactions required for the precise control of chain transfer and elongation reactions. In this study, we first establish heterologous expression systems of the unique antimycin-type cyclic depsipeptides: JBIR-06 (tri-lactone) and neoantimycin (tetra-lactone), and engineer their biosyntheses by taking advantage of bioinformatic analyses and evolutionary insights. As a result, we successfully accomplish three manipulations: (i) ring contraction of neoantimycin (from tetra-lactone to tri-lactone), (ii) ring expansion of JBIR-06 (from tri-lactone to tetra-lactone), and (iii) alkyl chain diversification of JBIR-06 by the incorporation of various alkylmalonyl-CoA extender units, to generate a set of unnatural derivatives in practical yields. This study presents a useful strategy for engineering NRPS-PKS module enzymes, based on nature's diversification of the domain and module organizations.	2
Title: Reprogramming of the antimycin NRPS-PKS assembly lines inspired by gene evolution Abstract: Reprogramming of the NRPS/PKS assembly line is an attractive method for the production of new bioactive molecules. However, it is usually hampered by the loss of intimate domain/module interactions required for the precise control of chain transfer and elongation reactions. In this study, we first establish heterologous expression systems of the unique antimycin-type cyclic depsipeptides: JBIR-06 (tri-lactone) and neoantimycin (tetra-lactone), and engineer their biosyntheses by taking advantage of bioinformatic analyses and evolutionary insights. As a result, we successfully accomplish three manipulations: (i) ring contraction of neoantimycin (from tetra-lactone to tri-lactone), (ii) ring expansion of JBIR-06 (from tri-lactone to tetra-lactone), and (iii) alkyl chain diversification of JBIR-06 by the incorporation of various alkylmalonyl-CoA extender units, to generate a set of unnatural derivatives in practical yields. This study presents a useful strategy for engineering NRPS-PKS module enzymes, based on nature's diversification of the domain and module organizations.	2
Title: Bioactivity-HiTES Unveils Cryptic Antibiotics Encoded in Actinomycete Bacteria Abstract: Bacteria harbor an immense reservoir of potentially new and therapeutic small molecules in the form of "silent" biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). These BGCs can be identified bioinformatically but are sparingly expressed under normal laboratory growth conditions, or not at all, and therefore do not produce significant levels of the corresponding small molecule product. Several methods have been developed for activating silent BGCs. A major limitation for nearly all methods is that they require genetic procedures and/or do not report on the bioactivity of the cryptic metabolite. We herein report "Bioactivty-HiTES", an approach that links the bioactivity of cryptic metabolites to their induction while at the same time obviating the need for genetic manipulations. Using this method, we detected induction of cryptic antibiotics in three actinomycete strains that were tested. Follow-up studies in one case allowed us to structurally elucidate two cryptic metabolites, elicited by the β-blocker atenolol in Streptomyces hiroshimensis, with selective growth-inhibitory activity against Gram-negative bacteria, notably Escherichia coli and Acinetobacter baumannii. Atenolol turned out to be a global elicitor of secondary metabolism, and characterization of additional cryptic metabolites led to the discovery of a novel naphthoquinone epoxide. Bioactivity-HiTES is a general, widely applicable procedure that will be useful in identifying cryptic bioactive metabolites in the future.	2
Title: Bioactivity-HiTES Unveils Cryptic Antibiotics Encoded in Actinomycete Bacteria Abstract: Bacteria harbor an immense reservoir of potentially new and therapeutic small molecules in the form of "silent" biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs). These BGCs can be identified bioinformatically but are sparingly expressed under normal laboratory growth conditions, or not at all, and therefore do not produce significant levels of the corresponding small molecule product. Several methods have been developed for activating silent BGCs. A major limitation for nearly all methods is that they require genetic procedures and/or do not report on the bioactivity of the cryptic metabolite. We herein report "Bioactivty-HiTES", an approach that links the bioactivity of cryptic metabolites to their induction while at the same time obviating the need for genetic manipulations. Using this method, we detected induction of cryptic antibiotics in three actinomycete strains that were tested. Follow-up studies in one case allowed us to structurally elucidate two cryptic metabolites, elicited by the β-blocker atenolol in Streptomyces hiroshimensis, with selective growth-inhibitory activity against Gram-negative bacteria, notably Escherichia coli and Acinetobacter baumannii. Atenolol turned out to be a global elicitor of secondary metabolism, and characterization of additional cryptic metabolites led to the discovery of a novel naphthoquinone epoxide. Bioactivity-HiTES is a general, widely applicable procedure that will be useful in identifying cryptic bioactive metabolites in the future.	2
Title: A new antibiotic, setomimycin, produced by a strain of streptomyces Abstract: A new antibiotic, setomimycin, was isolated from the culture broth of strain AM-2947, which was identified as Streptomyces pseudovenezuelae. The compound is a weakly acidic substance, and has UV-absorption at 228, 268 and 422 nm and a molecular formula of C34H28O9 (MW 580). It is active against Gram-positive bacteria including Mycobacteria, and has antitumor activity against Sarcoma-180 solid tumor in mice.	2
Title: Rifamycin congeners kanglemycins are active against rifampicin-resistant bacteria via a distinct mechanism Abstract: Rifamycin antibiotics (Rifs) target bacterial RNA polymerases (RNAPs) and are widely used to treat infections including tuberculosis. The utility of these compounds is threatened by the increasing incidence of resistance (RifR). As resistance mechanisms found in clinical settings may also occur in natural environments, here we postulated that bacteria could have evolved to produce rifamycin congeners active against clinically relevant resistance phenotypes. We survey soil metagenomes and identify a tailoring enzyme-rich family of gene clusters encoding biosynthesis of rifamycin congeners (kanglemycins, Kangs) with potent in vivo and in vitro activity against the most common clinically relevant RifR mutations. Our structural and mechanistic analyses reveal the basis for Kang inhibition of RifR RNAP. Unlike Rifs, Kangs function through a mechanism that includes interfering with 5'-initiating substrate binding. Our results suggest that examining soil microbiomes for new analogues of clinically used antibiotics may uncover metabolites capable of circumventing clinically important resistance mechanisms.	2
Title: Regio- and stereoselective intermolecular oxidative phenol coupling in streptomyces Abstract: Intermolecular oxidative phenol coupling is the main process in nature for the formation of atroposelective biaryl compounds. Although well defined in plants and fungi, this type of dimerization reaction in bacteria is poorly understood. Therefore, the biosynthesis of julichromes, spectomycins, and setomimycin was investigated. The monomeric subunits of these biarylic pre-anthraquinones are derived from a common polyketidic precursor, yet the coupling reaction proceeds in a regioselective manner, with the position of attachment of the two subunits depending on the specific streptomycete strain. By using genome analysis and deletion experiments, the biosynthetic gene clusters were identified. Furthermore, it was established that cytochrome P450 enzymes are fundamentally involved during dimerization of the polyketide monomers.	2
Title: Lugdunomycin, an Angucycline-Derived Molecule with Unprecedented Chemical Architecture Abstract: The angucyclines form the largest family of polycyclic aromatic polyketides, and have been studied extensively. Herein, we report the discovery of lugdunomycin, an angucycline-derived polyketide, produced by Streptomyces species QL37. Lugdunomycin has unique structural characteristics, including a heptacyclic ring system, a spiroatom, two all-carbon stereocenters, and a benzaza-[4,3,3]propellane motif. Considering the structural novelty, we propose that lugdunomycin represents a novel subclass of aromatic polyketides. Metabolomics, combined with MS-based molecular networking analysis of Streptomyces sp. QL37, elucidated 24 other rearranged and non-rearranged angucyclines, 11 of which were previously undescribed. A biosynthetic route for the lugdunomycin and limamycins is also proposed. This work demonstrates that revisiting well-known compound families and their producer strains still is a promising approach for drug discovery.	2
Title: Characterization of reutericyclin produced by Lactobacillus reuteri LTH2584 Abstract: Lactobacillus reuteri LTH2584 exhibits antimicrobial activity that can be attributed neither to bacteriocins nor to the production of reuterin or organic acids. We have purified the active compound, named reutericyclin, to homogeneity and characterized its antimicrobial activity. Reutericyclin exhibited a broad inhibitory spectrum including Lactobacillus spp., Bacillus subtilis, B. cereus, Enterococcus faecalis, Staphylococcus aureus, and Listeria innocua. It did not affect the growth of gram-negative bacteria; however, the growth of lipopolysaccharide mutant strains of Escherichia coli was inhibited. Reutericyclin exhibited a bactericidal mode of action against Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis, Staphylococcus aureus, and B. subtilis and triggered the lysis of cells of L. sanfranciscensis in a dose-dependent manner. Germination of spores of B. subtilis was inhibited, but the spores remained unaffected under conditions that do not permit germination. The fatty acid supply of the growth media had a strong effect on reutericyclin production and its distribution between producer cells and the culture supernatant. Reutericyclin was purified from cell extracts and culture supernatant of L. reuteri LTH2584 cultures grown in mMRS by solvent extraction, gel filtration, RP-C(8) chromatography, and anion-exchange chromatography, followed by rechromatography by reversed-phase high-pressure liquid chromatography. Reutericyclin was characterized as a negatively charged, highly hydrophobic molecule with a molecular mass of 349 Da. Structural characterization (A. Höltzel, M. G. Gänzle, G. J. Nicholson, W. P. Hammes, and G. Jung, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 39:2766-2768, 2000) revealed that reutericyclin is a novel tetramic acid derivative. The inhibitory activity of culture supernatant of L. reuteri LTH2584 corresponded to that of purified as well as synthetic reutericyclin.	2
Title: Hertweck C, Ehwald R, Dittmann E. 2017. High-density cultivation of terrestrial Nostoc strains leads to reprogramming of secondary metabolome Abstract: Terrestrial symbiotic cyanobacteria of the genus Nostoc exhibit a large potential for the production of bioactive natural products of the nonribosomal peptide, polyketide, and ribosomal peptide classes, and yet most of the biosynthetic gene clusters are silent under conventional cultivation conditions. In the present study, we utilized a high-density cultivation approach recently developed for phototrophic bacteria to rapidly generate biomass of the filamentous bacteria up to a density of 400 g (wet weight)/liter. Unexpectedly, integrated transcriptional and metabolomics studies uncovered a major reprogramming of the secondary metabolome of two Nostoc strains at high culture density and a governing effect of extracellular signals in this process. The holistic approach enabled capturing and structural elucidation of novel variants of anabaenopeptin, including one congener with potent allelopathic activity against a strain isolated from the same habitat. The study provides a snapshot on the role of cell-type-specific expression for the formation of natural products in cyanobacteria.IMPORTANCE Terrestrial filamentous cyanobacteria are a largely untapped source of small-molecule natural products. Exploitation of the phototrophic organisms is hampered by their slow growth and the requirement of photobioreactors. The present study not only demonstrates the suitability of a recently developed two-tier vessel cultivation approach for the rapid generation of biomass of Nostoc strains but also demonstrates a pronounced upregulation of high value natural products at ultrahigh culture densities. The study provides new guidelines for high-throughput screening and exploitation of small-molecule natural products and can facilitate the discovery new bioactive products from terrestrial cyanobacteria.	2
Title: Linearmycins are lytic membrane-targeting antibiotics Abstract: The linearmycin family of polyketides was originally classified as antifungal metabolites. However, in addition to antifungal activity, we previously found that linearmycins cause cellular lysis and colony degradation of the Gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis. We recently showed that Streptomyces sp. strain Mg1 incorporates linearmycins into extracellular vesicles, which are capable of lysing B. subtilis. However, the mechanism of linearmycin-induced lysis was hitherto unexplored. Therefore, we sought to determine how linearmycin-laden vesicles cause lysis. In this study, we found that linearmycins inhibited the growth of all Gram-positive bacteria that we tested, but lysis was limited to some Bacillus species. Next, we found that linearmycin-induced lysis occurred even when cellular metabolism and growth were inhibited, which suggested that linearmycins possess the intrinsic capacity to lyse cells, unlike cell-wall targeting antibiotics. We showed that linearmycin exposure caused changes consistent with rapid depolarization of the B. subtilis cytoplasmic membrane, which was correlated with a loss of viability. Finally, using liposomes as in vitro membrane models, we demonstrated that linearmycins are capable of disrupting lipid bilayers without any other cellular components. Taken together, our results strongly indicate that the cytoplasmic membrane is the direct antibacterial target of linearmycins.	2
Title: Bacterial Alkaloids Prevent Amoebal Predation Abstract: Bacterial defense mechanisms have evolved to protect bacteria against predation by nematodes, predatory bacteria, or amoebae. We identified novel bacterial alkaloids (pyreudiones A-D) that protect the producer, Pseudomonas fluorescens HKI0770, against amoebal predation. Isolation, structure elucidation, total synthesis, and a proposed biosynthetic pathway for these structures are presented. The generation of P. fluorescens gene-deletion mutants unable to produce pyreudiones rendered the bacterium edible to a variety of soil-dwelling amoebae.	2
Title: Uncovering the biosynthetic potential of rare metagenomic DNA using co-occurrence network analysis of targeted sequences Abstract: Sequencing of DNA extracted from environmental samples can provide key insights into the biosynthetic potential of uncultured bacteria. However, the high complexity of soil metagenomes, which can contain thousands of bacterial species per gram of soil, imposes significant challenges to explore secondary metabolites potentially produced by rare members of the soil microbiome. Here, we develop a targeted sequencing workflow termed CONKAT-seq (co-occurrence network analysis of targeted sequences) that detects physically clustered biosynthetic domains, a hallmark of bacterial secondary metabolism. Following targeted amplification of conserved biosynthetic domains in a highly partitioned metagenomic library, CONKAT-seq evaluates amplicon co-occurrence patterns across library subpools to identify chromosomally clustered domains. We show that a single soil sample can contain more than a thousand uncharacterized biosynthetic gene clusters, most of which originate from low frequency genomes which are practically inaccessible through untargeted sequencing. CONKAT-seq allows scalable exploration of largely untapped biosynthetic diversity across multiple soils, and can guide the discovery of novel secondary metabolites from rare members of the soil microbiome.	2
Title: Erratum: Author Correction: The planctomycete Stieleria maiorica Mal15T employs stieleriacines to alter the species composition in marine biofilms (Communications biology (2020) 3 1 (303)) Abstract: An amendment to this paper has been published and can be accessed via a link at the top of the paper.	2
Title: Kosinostatin, a quinocycline antibiotic with antitumor activity from Micromonospora sp. TP-A0468 Abstract: Kosinostatin, a quinocycline antibiotic was isolated from the culture broth of an actinomycete strain TP-A0468 along with isoquinocycline B. The producing strain was isolated from the seawater sample collected in Toyama Bay and identified as Micromonospora sp. based on the taxonomic study. Kosinostatin was obtained from the culture fluid by solvent extraction and ODS column chromatography. Kosinostatin inhibited the growth of Gram-positive bacteria strongly (MIC=0.039 microg/ml) and Gram-negative bacteria and yeasts moderately (MIC= 1.56 approximately 12.5 microg/ml). It showed cytotoxicity against various cancer cell lines with the IC50 of 0.02 approximately 0.6 microm and inhibited human DNA topoisomerase Ila with the IC50 of 3 approximately 10 microM.	2
Title: Structure and biological activity of 8-deoxyheronamide C from a marine-derived streptomyces sp.: Heronamides target saturated hydrocarbon chains in lipid membranes Abstract: Polyene macrolactams are a class of microbial metabolites, many of which show potent biological activities with unidentified modes of action. Here we report that 8-deoxyheronamide C, a new 20-membered polyene macrolactam from a marine-derived actinomycete Streptomyces sp., is a unique membrane binder. 8-Deoxyheronamide C showed a characteristic sensitivity profile against fission yeast sterol mutant cells, indicating that the metabolite targets cell membranes. We detected tight physical interaction between heronamides including 8-deoxyheronamide C and heronamide C and saturated hydrocarbon chains in lipid membranes using surface plasmon resonance experiments. We further show that heronamides induced abnormal cell wall morphology in fission yeast probably by perturbing the structure of membrane microdomains. This work will accelerate the biological and medical investigation of polyene macrolactams.	2
Title: Studies on inhibotors of rat mast cell degranulation produced by microorganisms II. Structure elucidation of eurocidins D and E Abstract: The planar structures of new eurocidin related compounds, eurocidins D and E, were elucidated from 1H-1H shift correlated 2D NMR spectra and other NMR data. All protons in the molecules were assigned. Eurocidins D and E have novel pentaenic structures of eurocidin family.	2
Title: Studies on inhibitors of rat mast cell degranulation produced by microorganisms I. Screening of microorganisms, and isolation and physico-chemical properties of eurocidins C, D and E Abstract: Microorganisms producing anti-inflammatory substances were screened by the inhibitory effect on mast cell degranulation. Three new compounds related to pentaene macrolide eurocidins, eurocidins C, D and E, have been isolated from the culture broth of Streptoverticillium eurocidicum IFO 13491 as the inhibitors. Their molecular weights and molecular formulae were estimated as 781.89 and C39H59NO15 for eurocidin C, 795.92 and C40H61NO15 for eurocidin D, and 779.92 and C40H61NO14 for eurocidin E, respectively.	2
Title: Author Correction: A new antibiotic selectively kills Gram-negative pathogens (Nature, (2019), 576, 7787, (459-464), 10.1038/s41586-019-1791-1) Abstract: An amendment to this paper has been published and can be accessed via a link at the top of the paper.	2
Title: Uncovering the core microbiome and distribution of palmerolide in synoicum adareanum across the anvers island archipelago, antarctica Abstract: Polar marine ecosystems hold the potential for bioactive compound biodiscovery, based on their untapped macro- and microorganism diversity. Characterization of polar benthic marine invertebrate-associated microbiomes is limited to few studies. This study was motivated by our interest in better understanding the microbiome structure and composition of the ascidian, Synoicum adareanum, in which palmerolide A (PalA), a bioactive macrolide with specificity against melanoma, was isolated. PalA bears structural resemblance to a hybrid nonribosomal peptide-polyketide that has similarities to microbially-produced macrolides. We conducted a spatial survey to assess both PalA levels and microbiome composition in S. adareanum in a region of the Antarctic Peninsula near Anvers Island (64° 46'S, 64° 03'W). PalA was ubiquitous and abundant across a collection of 21 ascidians (3 subsamples each) sampled from seven sites across the Anvers Island Archipelago. The microbiome composition (V3-V4 16S rRNA gene sequence variants) of these 63 samples revealed a core suite of 21 bacterial amplicon sequence variants (ASVs)-20 of which were distinct from regional bacterioplankton. ASV co-occurrence analysis across all 63 samples yielded subgroups of taxa that may be interacting biologically (interacting subsystems) and, although the levels of PalA detected were not found to correlate with specific sequence variants, the core members appeared to occur in a preferred optimum and tolerance range of PalA levels. These results, together with an analysis of the biosynthetic potential of related microbiome taxa, describe a conserved, high-latitude core microbiome with unique composition and substantial promise for natural product biosynthesis that likely influences the ecology of the holobiont.	2
Title: Palmerolide A, a cytotoxic macrolide from the antarctic tunicate Synoicum adareanum Abstract: Palmerolide A, a 20-membered macrocyclic polyketide bearing carbamate and vinyl amide functionality, was isolated from the tunicate Synoicum adareanum collected from the vicinity of Palmer Station on the Antarctic Peninsula. Palmerolide A displays potent and selective cytotoxicity toward melanoma (UACC-66 LC50 = 0.018 muM) and appears to operate via inhibition (IC50 = 2 nM) of V-ATPase.	2
Title: Uncovering the core microbiome and distribution of palmerolide in synoicum adareanum across the anvers island archipelago, antarctica Abstract: Polar marine ecosystems hold the potential for bioactive compound biodiscovery, based on their untapped macro- and microorganism diversity. Characterization of polar benthic marine invertebrate-associated microbiomes is limited to few studies. This study was motivated by our interest in better understanding the microbiome structure and composition of the ascidian, Synoicum adareanum, in which palmerolide A (PalA), a bioactive macrolide with specificity against melanoma, was isolated. PalA bears structural resemblance to a hybrid nonribosomal peptide-polyketide that has similarities to microbially-produced macrolides. We conducted a spatial survey to assess both PalA levels and microbiome composition in S. adareanum in a region of the Antarctic Peninsula near Anvers Island (64° 46'S, 64° 03'W). PalA was ubiquitous and abundant across a collection of 21 ascidians (3 subsamples each) sampled from seven sites across the Anvers Island Archipelago. The microbiome composition (V3-V4 16S rRNA gene sequence variants) of these 63 samples revealed a core suite of 21 bacterial amplicon sequence variants (ASVs)-20 of which were distinct from regional bacterioplankton. ASV co-occurrence analysis across all 63 samples yielded subgroups of taxa that may be interacting biologically (interacting subsystems) and, although the levels of PalA detected were not found to correlate with specific sequence variants, the core members appeared to occur in a preferred optimum and tolerance range of PalA levels. These results, together with an analysis of the biosynthetic potential of related microbiome taxa, describe a conserved, high-latitude core microbiome with unique composition and substantial promise for natural product biosynthesis that likely influences the ecology of the holobiont.	2
Title: Synthesis of the originally proposed structure of palmerolide C Abstract: A stereoselective synthesis of the proposed structure of palmerolide C (1), a cytotoxic marine macrolide isolated from the Antarctic tunicate Synoicum adareanum, utilizes a convergent carbonyl-based coupling strategy to construct the C1-C24 carbon skeleton (see scheme). Compound 1 was shown to be a diastereomer of palmerolide C, and the structural revision of the natural product is proposed.	2
Title: Palmerolide A, a cytotoxic macrolide from the antarctic tunicate Synoicum adareanum Abstract: Palmerolide A, a 20-membered macrocyclic polyketide bearing carbamate and vinyl amide functionality, was isolated from the tunicate Synoicum adareanum collected from the vicinity of Palmer Station on the Antarctic Peninsula. Palmerolide A displays potent and selective cytotoxicity toward melanoma (UACC-66 LC50 = 0.018 muM) and appears to operate via inhibition (IC50 = 2 nM) of V-ATPase.	2
Title: The ability of Aneunnibacillus migulanus (Bacillus brevis) to produce the antibiotic gramicidin S is correlated with phenotype variation Abstract: Phenotype instability of bacterial strains can cause significant problems in biotechnological applications, since industrially useful properties may be lost. Here we report such degenerative dissociation for Aneurinibacillus migulanus (formerly known as Bacillus brevis) an established producer of the antimicrobial peptide gramicidin S (GS). Phenotypic variations within and between various strains maintained in different culture collections are demonstrated. The type strain, ATCC 9999, consists of six colony morphology variants, R, RC, RP, RT, SC, and SP, which were isolated and characterized as pure cultures. Correlations between colony morphology, growth, GS production, spore formation, and resistance to their own antimicrobial peptide were established in this study. We found the original R form to be the best producer, followed by RC, RP, and RT, while SC and SP yielded no GS at all. Currently available ATCC 9999(T) contains only 2% of the original R producer and is dominated by the newly described phenotypes RC and RP. No original R form is detected in the nominally equivalent strain DSM 2895(T) (=ATCC 9999(T)), which grows only as SC and SP phenotypes and has thus completely lost its value as a peptide producer. Two other strains from the same collection, DSM 5668 and DSM 5759, contain the unproductive SC variant and the GS-producing RC form, respectively. We describe the growth and maintenance conditions that stabilize certain colony phenotypes and reduce the degree of degenerative dissociation, thus providing a recommendation for how to revert the nonproducing smooth phenotypes to the valuable GS-producing rough ones.	2
Title: SF2487, a new polyether antibiotic produced by actinomadura Abstract: A new antibiotic SF2487 has been isolated from the culture broth of Actinomadura sp. SF2487. The structure of antibiotic SF2487 was determined by spectroscopic analyses of the sodium salt and X-ray diffraction analysis of the silver salt. The antibiotic represents a new member of polyether group antibiotics known as the acyltetronic acid type 4. The antibiotic is weakly active against Gram-positive bacteria and exhibits antiviral activity against influenza virus in vitro.	2
Title: Breaking and entering: Host penetration by the fungal rice blast pathogen Magnaporthe grisea Abstract: Fungal plant pathogens have evolved diverse mechanisms for penetrating into host plant tissue, ranging from entry through natural plant openings to various mechanisms of direct penetration through the outer surface. The filamentous fungus Magnaporthe grisea can cause disease on many species of the grass (Poaceae) family. The disease on rice, Rice Blast, is of enormous economic importance and biological interest. The mechanism used by this pathogen for breaching the formidable host surface barriers has been studied cytologically and genetically as a model for plant pathology, and represents a remarkably sophisticated achievement of nature. The single-celled appressorium of M. grisea acts as a vessel for the generation and application of perhaps the highest turgor pressures known. The fungus requires and utilizes melanin-derived, osmotically generated pressures estimated at 80 bars to drive an actin-rich cellular protuberance through the surface of a rice leaf or plastic coverslip.	2
Title: Transcriptome analysis reveals new insight into appressorium formation and function in the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: Background:                       Rice blast disease is caused by the filamentous Ascomycetous fungus Magnaporthe oryzae and results in significant annual rice yield losses worldwide. Infection by this and many other fungal plant pathogens requires the development of a specialized infection cell called an appressorium. The molecular processes regulating appressorium formation are incompletely understood.                  Results:                       We analyzed genome-wide gene expression changes during spore germination and appressorium formation on a hydrophobic surface compared to induction by cAMP. During spore germination, 2,154 (approximately 21%) genes showed differential expression, with the majority being up-regulated. During appressorium formation, 357 genes were differentially expressed in response to both stimuli. These genes, which we refer to as appressorium consensus genes, were functionally grouped into Gene Ontology categories. Overall, we found a significant decrease in expression of genes involved in protein synthesis. Conversely, expression of genes associated with protein and amino acid degradation, lipid metabolism, secondary metabolism and cellular transportation exhibited a dramatic increase. We functionally characterized several differentially regulated genes, including a subtilisin protease (SPM1) and a NAD specific glutamate dehydrogenase (Mgd1), by targeted gene disruption. These studies revealed hitherto unknown findings that protein degradation and amino acid metabolism are essential for appressorium formation and subsequent infection.                  Conclusion:                       We present the first comprehensive genome-wide transcript profile study and functional analysis of infection structure formation by a fungal plant pathogen. Our data provide novel insight into the underlying molecular mechanisms that will directly benefit efforts to identify fungal pathogenicity factors and aid the development of new disease management strategies.	2
Title: New Nocobactin Derivatives with Antimuscarinic Activity, Terpenibactins A–C, Revealed by Genome Mining of Nocardia terpenica IFM 0406 Abstract: We report a genomics-guided exploration of the metabolic potential of the brasilicardin producer strain Nocardia terpenica IFM 0406. Bioinformatics analysis of the whole genome sequence revealed the presence of a biosynthetic gene cluster presumably responsible for the generation of formerly unknown nocobactin derivatives. Mass spectrometry-assisted isolation led to the identification of three new siderophores, terpenibactins A (1), B (2) and C (3), which belong to the class of nocobactins. Their structures were elucidated by employing spectroscopic techniques. Compounds 1-3 demonstrated inhibitory activity towards the muscarinic M3 receptor, while exhibiting only a low cytotoxicity.	2
Title: Genome sequence of an alkane-degrading bacterium, alcanivorax pacificus type strain W11-5, isolated from deep sea sediment Abstract: Alcanivorax pacificus W11-5(T) was isolated from a pyrene-degrading consortium, enriched from the deep sea sediment of the Pacific Ocean. Strain W11-5(T) can degrade various n-alkanes. Here we report the draft genome of W11-5(T) and genes associated with alkane degradation.	2
Title: Pyoverdine and histicorrugatin-mediated iron acquisition in Pseudomonas thivervalensis Abstract: The genome of Pseudomonas thivervalensis LMG 21626(T) has been sequenced and a genomic, genetic and structural analysis of the siderophore mediated iron acquisition was undertaken. Pseudomonas thivervalensis produces two structurally new siderophores, pyoverdine PYOthi which is typical for P. thivervalensis strains and a closely related strain, and the lipopeptidic siderophore histicorrugatin which is also detected in P. lini. Histicorrugatin consists out of an eight amino acid long peptide which is linked to octanoic acid. It is structurally related to the siderophores corrugatin and ornicorrugatin. Analysis of the proteome for TonB-dependent receptors identified 25 candidates. Comparison of the TonB-dependent receptors of P. thivervalensis with the 17 receptors of its phylogenetic neighbor, P. brassicacearum subsp. brassicacearum NFM 421, showed that NFM 421 shares the same set of receptors with LMG 21626(T), including the histicorrugatin receptor. An exception was found for their cognate pyoverdine receptor which can be explained by the observation that both strains produce structurally different pyoverdines. Mass analysis showed that NFM 421 did not produce histicorrugatin, but the analogue ornicorrugatin. Growth stimulation assays with a variety of structurally distinct pyoverdines produced by other Pseudomonas species demonstrated that LMG 21626(T) and NFM 421 are able to utilize almost the same set of pyoverdines. Strain NFM 421 is able utilize two additional pyoverdines, pyoverdine of P. fluorescens Pf0-1 and P. citronellolis LMG 18378(T), these pyoverdines are probably taken up by the FpvA receptor of NFM 421.	2
Title: Toyoncin, a Novel Leaderless Bacteriocin That Is Produced by Bacillus toyonensis XIN-YC13 and Specifically Targets B. cereus and Listeria monocytogenes Abstract: Bacteriocins have attracted increasing interest because of their potential as natural preservatives. Recent studies showed that the Bacillus cereus group is a prominent producer of bacteriocins. Using a laboratory-based screening strategy, we identified a strain in the B. cereus group, Bacillus toyonensis XIN-YC13, with antimicrobial activity against B. cereus. A novel, 70-amino-acid-long leaderless bacteriocin, toyoncin, was purified from the culture supernatant of strain XIN-YC13, and its molecular mass was found to be 7,817.1012 Da. Toyoncin shares no similarity with any other known bacteriocins, and its N-terminal amino acid is formylmethionine rather than methionine. Toyoncin shows good pH and heat stability and exhibits specific antimicrobial activity against two important foodborne pathogens, B. cereus and Listeria monocytogenes. Additionally, toyoncin exerts bactericidal activity and induces cell membrane damage. Toyoncin can also inhibit the outgrowth of B. cereus spores. Preservation assays showed that toyoncin effectively suppressed or eradicated B. cereus and L. monocytogenes in pasteurized skim milk. These results suggest that toyoncin can be used as a new biopreservative against B. cereus and L. monocytogenes in the food industry. IMPORTANCE We identified a novel leaderless bacteriocin, toyoncin, produced by B. toyonensis XIN-YC13. Toyoncin shows good pH and heat stability, and it has specific antimicrobial activity against B. cereus and L. monocytogenes (two important foodborne pathogens), likely by destroying their cell membrane integrity. Toyoncin inhibited the outgrowth of B. cereus spores and effectively inhibited or eliminated B. cereus and L. monocytogenes in a milk model system. These results indicate the potential of toyoncin as a food preservative.	2
Title: Multi-omic profiling of melophlus sponges reveals diverse metabolomic and microbiome architectures that are non-overlapping with ecological neighbors Abstract: Marine sponge holobionts, defined as filter-feeding sponge hosts together with their associated microbiomes, are prolific sources of natural products. The inventory of natural products that have been isolated from marine sponges is extensive. Here, using untargeted mass spectrometry, we demonstrate that sponges harbor a far greater diversity of low-abundance natural products that have evaded discovery. While these low-abundance natural products may not be feasible to isolate, insights into their chemical structures can be gleaned by careful curation of mass fragmentation spectra. Sponges are also some of the most complex, multi-organismal holobiont communities in the oceans. We overlay sponge metabolomes with their microbiome structures and detailed metagenomic characterization to discover candidate gene clusters that encode production of sponge-derived natural products. The multi-omic profiling strategy for sponges that we describe here enables quantitative comparison of sponge metabolomes and microbiomes to address, among other questions, the ecological relevance of sponge natural products and for the phylochemical assignment of previously undescribed sponge identities.	2
Title: Multi-omic profiling of melophlus sponges reveals diverse metabolomic and microbiome architectures that are non-overlapping with ecological neighbors Abstract: Marine sponge holobionts, defined as filter-feeding sponge hosts together with their associated microbiomes, are prolific sources of natural products. The inventory of natural products that have been isolated from marine sponges is extensive. Here, using untargeted mass spectrometry, we demonstrate that sponges harbor a far greater diversity of low-abundance natural products that have evaded discovery. While these low-abundance natural products may not be feasible to isolate, insights into their chemical structures can be gleaned by careful curation of mass fragmentation spectra. Sponges are also some of the most complex, multi-organismal holobiont communities in the oceans. We overlay sponge metabolomes with their microbiome structures and detailed metagenomic characterization to discover candidate gene clusters that encode production of sponge-derived natural products. The multi-omic profiling strategy for sponges that we describe here enables quantitative comparison of sponge metabolomes and microbiomes to address, among other questions, the ecological relevance of sponge natural products and for the phylochemical assignment of previously undescribed sponge identities.	2
Title: Amphiphilic siderophore production by oil-associating microbes Abstract: The Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010 released an unprecedented amount of oil into the ocean waters of the Gulf of Mexico. As a consequence, bioremediation by oil-degrading microbes has been a topic of increased focus. One factor limiting the rate of hydrocarbon degradation by microbial communities is the availability of necessary nutrients, including iron. The siderophores produced from two Vibrio spp. isolated from the Gulf of Mexico following the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, along with the well-studied oil-degrading microbe, Alcanivorax borkumensis SK2, are studied under iron-limiting conditions. Here we report the amphiphilic amphibactin siderophores produced by the oil-associated bacteria, Vibrio sp. S1B, Vibrio sp. S2A and Alcanivorax borkumensis SK2. These findings provide insight into oil-associating microbial iron acquisition.	2
Title: An extended siderophore suite from Synechococcus sp. PCC 7002 revealed by LC-ICPMS-ESIMS Abstract: Siderophores are thought to play an important role in iron cycling in the ocean, but relatively few marine siderophores have been identified. Sensitive, high throughput methods hold promise for expediting the discovery and characterization of new siderophores produced by marine microbes. We developed a methodology for siderophore characterization that combines liquid chromatography (LC) inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICPMS) with high resolution electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESIMS). To demonstrate this approach, we investigated siderophore production by the marine cyanobacteria Synechococcus sp. PCC 7002. Three hydroxamate siderophores, synechobactin A-C, have been previously isolated and characterized from this strain. These compounds consist of an iron binding head group attached to a fatty acid side chain of variable length (C12, C10, and C8 respectively). In this study, we detected six iron-containing compounds in Synechococcus sp. PCC 7002 media by LC-ICPMS. To identify the molecular ions of these siderophores, we aligned the chromatographic retention times of peaks from the LC-ICPMS chromatogram with features detected from LC-ESIMS spectra using an algorithm designed to recognize metal isotope patterns. Three of these compounds corresponded to synechobactins A (614 m/z), B (586 m/z), and C (558 m/z). The MS2 spectra of these compounds revealed diagnostic synechobactin fragmentation patterns which were used to confirm the identity of the three unknown compounds (600, 628, and 642 m/z) as new members of the synechobactin suite with side chain lengths of 11, 13, and 14 carbons. These results demonstrate the potential of combined LCMS techniques for the identification of novel iron-organic complexes.	2
Title: Corrigendum: Iron acquisition mechanisms and their role in the virulence of Burkholderia species [Front. Cell. Infect. Microbiol., 7, (2017) 460] DOI: 10.3389/fcimb.2017.00460 Abstract: [This corrects the article DOI: 10.3389/fcimb.2017.00460.].	2
Title: Cervinomycins C1-4 with cytotoxic and antibacterial activity from Streptomyces sp. CPCC 204980 Abstract: Polycyclic xanthones are secondary metabolites from actinomycetes and cervinomycin A and B are bioactive 26-membered polycyclic xanthones from Streptomyces sp. CPCC 204980. Herein, we report cervinomycins C1-4 (1-4) from the same strain. The structures of 1-4 were determined by 1D- and 2D-NMR, or single-crystal X-ray diffraction. Compounds 1-4 feature the open or loss of A (oxazolidine) ring in their angular polycyclic framework compared with cervinomycin B. Compounds 1-4 showed potent cytotoxicity against human cancer cell lines HCT116 and BxPC-3, with IC50 at 0.9-801.0 nM and strong anti-Gram-positive bacterial activity.	2
Title: Identification and three-dimensional structure of carnobacteriocin XY, a class IIb bacteriocin produced by Carnobacteria Abstract: In this study, we report that CbnX (33 residues) and CbnY (29 residues) comprise a class IIb (two-component) bacteriocin in Carnobacteria. Individually, CbnX and CbnY are inactive, but together act synergistically to exert a narrow spectrum of activity. The structures of CbnX and CbnY in structure-inducing conditions were determined and strongly resemble other class IIb bacteriocins (i.e., LcnG, PlnEF, PlnJK). CbnX has an extended, amphipathic α-helix and a flexible C terminus. CbnY has two α-helices (one hydrophobic, one amphipathic) connected by a short loop and a cationic C terminus. CbnX and CbnY do not appear to interact directly and likely require a membrane-bound receptor to facilitate formation of the bacteriocin complex. This is the first class IIb bacteriocin reported for Carnobacteria.	2
Title: Aminoacyl chain translocation catalysed by a type II thioesterase domain in an unusual non-ribosomal peptide synthetase Abstract: Non-Ribosomal Peptide Synthetases (NRPSs) assemble a diverse range of natural products with important applications in both medicine and agriculture. They consist of several multienzyme subunits that must interact with each other in a highly controlled manner to facilitate efficient chain transfer, thus ensuring biosynthetic fidelity. Several mechanisms for chain transfer are known for NRPSs, promoting structural diversity. Herein, we report the first biochemically characterized example of a type II thioesterase (TEII) domain capable of catalysing aminoacyl chain transfer between thiolation (T) domains on two separate NRPS subunits responsible for installation of a dehydrobutyrine moiety. Biochemical dissection of this process reveals the central role of the TEII-catalysed chain translocation event and expands the enzymatic scope of TEII domains beyond canonical (amino)acyl chain hydrolysis. The apparent co-evolution of the TEII domain with the NRPS subunits highlights a unique feature of this enzymatic cassette, which will undoubtedly find utility in biosynthetic engineering efforts.	2
Title: Iron acquisition mechanisms and their role in the virulence of Burkholderia species Abstract: Burkholderia is a genus within the β-Proteobacteriaceae that contains at least 90 validly named species which can be found in a diverse range of environments. A number of pathogenic species occur within the genus. These include Burkholderia cenocepacia and Burkholderia multivorans, opportunistic pathogens that can infect the lungs of patients with cystic fibrosis, and are members of the Burkholderia cepacia complex (Bcc). Burkholderia pseudomallei is also an opportunistic pathogen, but in contrast to Bcc species it causes the tropical human disease melioidosis, while its close relative Burkholderia mallei is the causative agent of glanders in horses. For these pathogens to survive within a host and cause disease they must be able to acquire iron. This chemical element is essential for nearly all living organisms due to its important role in many enzymes and metabolic processes. In the mammalian host, the amount of accessible free iron is negligible due to the low solubility of the metal ion in its higher oxidation state and the tight binding of this element by host proteins such as ferritin and lactoferrin. As with other pathogenic bacteria, Burkholderia species have evolved an array of iron acquisition mechanisms with which to capture iron from the host environment. These mechanisms include the production and utilization of siderophores and the possession of a haem uptake system. Here, we summarize the known mechanisms of iron acquisition in pathogenic Burkholderia species and discuss the evidence for their importance in the context of virulence and the establishment of infection in the host. We have also carried out an extensive bioinformatic analysis to identify which siderophores are produced by each Burkholderia species that is pathogenic to humans.	2
Title: Iron and virulence in Francisella tularensis Abstract: Francisella tularensis, the causative agent of tularemia, is a Gram-negative bacterium that infects a variety of cell types including macrophages, and propagates with great efficiency in the cytoplasm. Iron, essential for key enzymatic and redox reactions, is among the nutrients required to support this pathogenic lifestyle and the bacterium relies on specialized mechanisms to acquire iron within the host environment. Two distinct pathways for iron acquisition are encoded by the F. tularensis genome- a siderophore-dependent ferric iron uptake system and a ferrous iron transport system. Genes of the Fur-regulated fslABCDEF operon direct the production and transport of the siderophore rhizoferrin. Siderophore biosynthesis involves enzymes FslA and FslC, while export across the inner membrane is mediated by FslB. Uptake of the rhizoferrin- ferric iron complex is effected by the siderophore receptor FslE in the outer membrane in a TonB-independent process, and FslD is responsible for uptake across the inner membrane. Ferrous iron uptake relies largely on high affinity transport by FupA in the outer membrane, while the Fur-regulated FeoB protein mediates transport across the inner membrane. FslE and FupA are paralogous proteins, sharing sequence similarity and possibly sharing structural features as well. This review summarizes current knowledge of iron acquisition in this organism and the critical role of these uptake systems in bacterial pathogenicity.	2
Title: Madurastatin D1 and D2, Oxazoline Containing Siderophores Isolated from an Actinomadura sp. Abstract: Two new siderophores, madurastatin D1 and D2, together with (-)-madurastatin C1, the enantiomer of a known compound, were isolated from marine-derived Actinomadura sp. The presence of an unusual 4-imidazolidinone ring in madurastatins D1 and D2 inspired us to sequence the Actinomadura sp. genome and to identify the mad biosynthetic gene cluster, knowledge of which enables us to now propose a biosynthetic pathway. Madurastatin D1 and D2 are moderately active in antimicrobial assays with M. luteus.	2
Title: GPAHex-A synthetic biology platform for Type IV–V glycopeptide antibiotic production and discovery Abstract: Glycopeptide antibiotics (GPAs) are essential for the treatment of severe infectious diseases caused by Gram-positive bacteria. The emergence and spread of GPA resistance have propelled the search for more effective GPAs. Given their structural complexity, genetic intractability, and low titer, expansion of GPA chemical diversity using synthetic or medicinal chemistry remains challenging. Here we describe a synthetic biology platform, GPAHex (GPA Heterologous expression), which exploits the genes required for the specialized GPA building blocks, regulation, antibiotic transport, and resistance for the heterologous production of GPAs. Application of the GPAHex platform results in: (1) a 19-fold increase of corbomycin titer compared to the parental strain, (2) the discovery of a teicoplanin-class GPA from an Amycolatopsis isolate, and (3) the overproduction and characterization of a cryptic nonapeptide GPA. GPAHex provides a platform for GPA production and mining of uncharacterized GPAs and provides a blueprint for chassis design for other natural product classes.	2
Title: Deciphering Chemical Mediators Regulating Specialized Metabolism in a Symbiotic Cyanobacterium Abstract: Genomes of cyanobacteria feature a variety of cryptic biosynthetic pathways for complex natural products, but the peculiarities limiting the discovery and exploitation of the metabolic dark matter are not well understood. Here we describe the discovery of two cell density-dependent chemical mediators, nostoclide and nostovalerolactone, in the symbiotic model strain Nostoc punctiforme, and demonstrate their pronounced impact on the regulation of specialized metabolism. Through transcriptional, bioinformatic and labeling studies we assigned two adjacent biosynthetic gene clusters to the biosynthesis of the two polyketide mediators. Our findings provide insight into the orchestration of specialized metabolite production and give lessons for the genomic mining and high-titer production of cyanobacterial bioactive compounds.	2
Title: Investigation of the Molecular Landscape of Bacterial Aromatic Polyketides by Global Analysis of Type II Polyketide Synthases Abstract: Aromatic polyketides biosynthesized by microorganisms are a prominent class of natural products widely used in clinical treatments. Although genome mining approaches have accelerated the discovery of these molecules, the molecular diversity, abundance, and distribution of bacterial aromatic polyketides at a global scale remain elusive. Here, we provide a global atlas of bacterial aromatic polyketides based on large-scale analysis of type II polyketide synthases. We first established the chain length factor protein as a marker that can predict both chemical class and molecular uniqueness of the biosynthetic product, and analyzed the abundance, taxonomic distribution, estimated structural diversity, and the total number of aromatic polyketides in bacteria. We further show the identification of oryzanaphthopyrans with an unprecedented angular naphthopyran scaffold from a rare actinobacterium by genome mining guided by the global atlas. These results serve as a compass for exploiting the entire type II polyketide synthase-derived aromatic polyketides in bacteria.	2
Title: GNPS-Guided Discovery of Madurastatin Siderophores from the Termite-Associated Actinomadura sp. RB99** Abstract: In this study, we analyzed if Actinomadura sp. RB99 produces siderophores that that could be responsible for the antimicrobial activity observed in co-cultivation studies. Dereplication of high-resolution tandem mass spectrometry (HRMS/MS) and global natural product social molecular networking platform (GNPS) analysis of fungus-bacterium co-cultures resulted in the identification of five madurastatin derivatives (A1, A2, E1, F, and G1), of which were four new derivatives. Chemical structures were unambiguously confirmed by HR-ESI-MS, 1D and 2D NMR experiments, as well as MS/MS data and their absolute structures were elucidated based on Marfey's analysis, DP4+ probability calculation and total synthesis. Structure analysis revealed that madurastatin E1 (2) contained a rare 4-imidazolidinone cyclic moiety and madurastatin A1 (5) was characterized as a Ga3+ -complex. The function of madurastatins as siderophores was evaluated using the fungal pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans as model organism. Based on homology models, we identified the putative NRPS-based gene cluster region of the siderophores in Actinomadura sp. RB99.	2
Title: Incarnatapeptins A and B, Nonribosomal Peptides Discovered Using Genome Mining and 1H/15N HSQC-TOCSY Abstract: Methods for the focused isolation of low-abundance natural products with specific chemical substructures could expand known bioactive chemical diversity for drug discovery. Here we report the combined use of genome mining and an 15N NMR-based screening method for the targeted isolation of the low-abundance piperazic-acid-containing peptides incarnatapeptins A (1) and B (3). Incarnatapeptin B (3) shows in vitro cytotoxicity to LNCaP prostate cancer cells.	2
Title: Mutasynthesis of aureonitrile: An aureothin derivative with significantly improved cytostatic effect Abstract: Tapping nature's biosynthetic potential: Formation of the rare p-nitro benzoate precursor of aureothin, a mixed polyketide metabolite of Streptomyces thioluteus, requires two key enzymes: a p-amino benzoate synthase and an N-oxygenase. Feeding of surrogates to engineered block mutants (e.g. S. lividans ZX1::pHJ97) reveals that the iterative modular aureothin polyketide also accepts p-cyano benzoate as the starter, which is subsequently processed to the nitrile analogue of aureothin, aureonitrile, which has improved cytostatic properties. © 2005 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Interaction of griseofulvin with microtubules, microtubule protein and tubulin Abstract: The interaction of the anti-mitotic drug griseofulvin with microtubule protein, microtubules and tubulin was studied by light scattering analysis and electron microscopy in two different systems: (1) microtubule assembly in the absence of glycerol, which depends on the presence of microtubule-associated proteins and (2) microtubule assembly in the presence of a high concentration of glycerol, which does not seem to require microtubule-associated proteins. Furthermore, the aberrant polymerization process of microtubule protein induced by griseofulvin in the cold was studied. The formation of this aberrant form is colchicine-sensitive and requires both tubulin and microtubule-associated proteins to be present. The polypeptide composition of the aberrant polymer shows the same complexity as the unfractionated microtubule protein. Quantitative electron microscopy shows that griseofulvin not only interferes with the normal polymerization of microtubule protein but also induces a slow depolymerization of microtubules at 37°C in the absence of glycerol. Direct evidence for an interaction between griseofulvin and tubulin comes from studies which show both by light scattering and by electron microscopy, that the drug interferes with the glycerol-induced polymerization of homogeneous tubulin in the absence of microtubule-associated proteins. Although we cannot yet exclude the possibility that the drug may also bind to one or other of the proteins found as microtubule-associated proteins, these results show clearly that griseofulvin, like other mitotic drugs, acts directly on tubulin. © 1997 Academic Press Inc. (London) Limited.	2
Title: Antimitotic action of griseofulvin does not involve disruption of microtubules Abstract: THE antimitotic action of griseofulvin in plant and mammalian cells has been attributed to a colchicine-like disruption of microtubules. Treatment of Vicia faba, Allium root tips or HeLa cells with griseofulvin, for example, resulted in the accumulation of cells at metaphase1-3. The griseo-fulvin-inhibited cells contained abnormal arrays of chromosomes, identical to those produced by treatment of dividing cells with colchicine. Using polarization microscopy, Malawista et al.4 found that the addition of 10-5 M griseofulvin to dividing Pectinaria oocytes reduced the size of the nieiotic spindles, as measured by loss of birefringence. This action was considerably more rapid than with either podophyllotoxin or vinblastine sulphate; moreover, on removal of the griseofulvin, recovery of the spindle also occurred much more rapidly4. Recent evidence indicates that several of the drugs which arrest metaphase interfere with microtubule function through different mechanisms. Colchicine and the vinca alkaloids, for example, bind to tubulin (microtubule protein) at different molecular sites 5,6. Griseofulvin does not prevent the binding of colchicine to tubulin, nor does it affect the ability of the vinca alkaloids to stabilize the colchicine binding activity of tubulin5. This suggests that griseofulvin does not bind at either the colchicine or vinca alkaloid binding sites. © 1973 Nature Publishing Group.	2
Title: Inhibitors of inosinate dehydrogenase activity in ehrlich ascites tumor cells in vitro Abstract: 1-Amino guanosine, virazole and mycophenolic acid all inhibit inosinate dehydrogenase activity in intact Ehrlieh ascites tumor cells in vitro, and exert 50 per cent inhibition at concentrations of 500, 50 and < 0.1 μM respectively. At these concentrations, the activity of guanylate synthetase was inhibited by 0, 20 and 10 per cent respectively. 1-Amino 2'-deoxyguanosine was a less potent inhibitor of intracellular inosinate dehydrogenase activity than 1-amino guanosine, and ten other 1-substituted purines tested had little or no activity. 1-Amino guansoine (400 μM) inhibited both the growth of cultured mouse leukemia L1210 cells and inosinate dehydrogenase activity by approximately 50 per cent. © 1974.	2
Title: New antibiotics produced by streptoverticillium orinoci, n. sp. Abstract: Three new antibiotics, neoantimycin, neaureothin and ochramycin have been isolated from Streptoverticillium orinoci. The systematic position of the organism is discussed. Neoantimycin is related to the antimycin antibiotics group; neoaureothin shows some similarity with aureothin. Ochramycin is an amphoteric compound containing in its molecule an octaene chromophore. The first two antibiotics show a slight antifungal activity only. Ochramycin is active against gram +ve, but not against gram -ve bacteria; its activity against yeasts and fungi is very slight. Toxicity data are reported; no therapeutical effectiveness has been observed in experimental infections in mice. © 1967 Springer-Verlag.	2
Title: Configuration absolue de l'acide bongkrékique Abstract: The chiralities of the two asymetric centers of the toxic antibiotic bongkrekic acid have been determined: the C-6 center has the S configuration and the C-17 center the R configuration. © 1973 Birkhäuser Verlag.	2
Title: Stoffwechselprodukte von Mikroorganismen 80. Mitteilung [1] Aranciamycin Abstract: Aranciamycin is a new antibiotic isolated from cultures of a strain of Streptomyces echinatus. The orange‐yellow acidic compound, C27H28O12, is a glycoside of an aglycone, aranciamycinone, and a 6‐deoxyhexose monomethyl ether. The aglycone, C20H16O8, is composed of a 1, 8‐dihydroxyanthraquinone nucleus, to which a fourth carbocyclic six‐membered ring is condensed, bearing a tertiary C‐methyl group, a tertiary and a secondary hydroxyl group, a secondary methoxyl group, and a carbonyl group. A partial formula of the aglycone is given. Aranciamycin as well as its aglycone are strongly inhibitory against gram‐positive bacteria on synthetic media. The antibiotic activity is considerably decreased by the addition of amino‐acid combinations and pyruvate to the test medium. Copyright © 1970 Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim	2
Title: Geminal tandem C-methylation in the discoid resistomycin pathway Abstract: A rare geminal bismethylation represents the last step in the resistomycin biosynthetic pathway, as deduced from mutational analysis of the rem genes and isolation of the labile, pseudosymmetric bis-nor-resistomycin. A single enzyme, RemG, is capable of subsequently introducing both methyls into the unusual discoid substrate. This is supported by phylogenetic studies, which provide the first correlation of methyltransferase sequences with the site of methylation of polyphenols. Copyright © 2007 American Chemical Society.	2
Title: Urdamycin L: A novel metabolic shunt product that provides evidence for the role of the urdM gene in the urdamycin A biosynthetic pathway of Streptomyces fradiae TÜ 2717 Abstract: Sixes and sevens: The isolation and structure elucidation of urdamycin L, a novel shunt product from the Sreptomyces fradiae TÜ 2717 urdM- mutant, gives new insight into the mechanism of 12b-hydroxylation during urdamycin biosynthesis (see scheme). The lactone structure of urdamycin L suggests an initial Baeyer - Villiger oxygenation followed by a rearrangement of the seven-membered lactone ring to a six-membered carbocycle, a step that is probably base assisted.	2
Title: Stoffwechselprodukte von Mikroorganismen 143. Mitteilung. Echinocandin B, ein neuartiges Polypeptid‐Antibioticum aus Aspergillus nidulans var. echinulatus: Isolierung und Bausteine Abstract: From a strain of Aspergillus nidulans var. echinulatus, A 32204, echinocandin, a novel polypeptide antibiotic complex with high and specific anti‐yeast activity was isolated. The main component, echinocandin B, was separated by counter‐current distribution. A tentative molecular formula C52H81N7O18 is discussed. The antibiotic is characterized by its IR. and NMR. spectra and by its characteristic hydrolytic degradation products: linoilic acid, L‐4‐hydroxyproline, L‐4‐oxoproline, (2S, 3S, 4S)‐4‐methyl‐3‐hydroxy‐proline, L‐threonine (2 mols), and 1‐(p‐hydroxyphenyl)‐3‐amino‐propan‐2‐one. Copyright © 1974 Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim	2
Title: Elucidation of the Structure of Hormaomycin Abstract: Hormaomycin is an intercellular signal substance, whose sequence and constitution could be elucidated by a combination of degradation reactions and mass spectrometric and NMR spectroscopic investigations. Hormaomycin is a peptide lactone, which, in addition to containing three known amino acids, allo‐threonine, isoleucine and (3‐methyl)phenylalanine, also contains two new amino acids: 4‐[(Z)‐propenyl]proline and 3‐(2‐nitrocyclopropylalanine). Signal substances such as 1 are gaining increasing importance for insights into microbial secondary metabolism. (Figure Presented.) Copyright © 1990 by VCH Verlagsgesellschaft mbH, Germany	2
Title: Nitro versus hydroxamate in siderophores of pathogenic bacteria: Effect of missing hydroxylamine protection in malleobactin biosynthesis Abstract: The elusive structure of malleobactin, a virulence factor of pathogens belonging to the Burkholderia mallei family, was finally unveiled by genetic and chemical analyses. The novel nitro-substituted siderophore is derived from an unusual, unprotected hydroxylamine, which undergoes spontaneous oxidation, as shown by in vitro assays and detection of analogues featuring hydroxylamino, nitroso, and azoxide groups. Copyright © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Myxoprincomide: A natural product from myxococcus xanthus discovered by comprehensive analysis of the secondary metabolome Abstract: Come to the fore: The novel myxobacterial metabolite myxoprincomide is easy to overlook in the complex LC-MS data recorded for the metabolome of Myxococcus xanthus DK1622, such that advanced analytical techniques were needed for its discovery. By enhancing genomics-based natural products research with powerful analytical tools for in-depth metabolome mining, two additional such "hidden" metabolites have been uncovered. Copyright © 2012 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Identification of a deacetylase involved in the maturation of teicoplanin Abstract: (Chemical Equation Presented) Teicoplanin biosynthesis. In vitro studies have revealed that the clinically important N-acyl-glucosaminyl residue on teicoplanin originates from UDP-N-acetyl-glucosamine. A deacetylase essential for this biosynthetic pathway has been identified and characterised, and might prove useful in the production of novel glycopeptides. © 2006 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Structure determination and total synthesis of bottromycin A2: A potent antibiotic against MRSA and VRE Abstract: (Chemical Equation Presented) After 50 years of persistence the 12-membered cyclic skeleton of bottromycin A2 (3) has been confirmed by NMR experiments (HMBC), and the configurations of two tLeu residues have been estimated by conformation analysis and NMR experiments. Furthermore, the key step in the synthesis of 3 involves the mercury-mediated formation of the amidine of thioamide 1 and amine 2. © 2009 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Ribosomal synthesis of tricyclic depsipeptides in bloom-forming cyanobacteria Abstract: Decoding biosynthesis: Cage-like depsipeptides have been investigated by a combination of genetic and chemical analyses. Heterologous expression and MALDI-PSD studies reveal that the cyanobacterial protease inhibitors microviridin B and J are synthesized from ribosomally produced prepeptides that are transformed into tricyclic depsipeptides by ATP grasp ligases and processed by a transporter peptidase. © 2008 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Ribosomal synthesis of tricyclic depsipeptides in bloom-forming cyanobacteria Abstract: Decoding biosynthesis: Cage-like depsipeptides have been investigated by a combination of genetic and chemical analyses. Heterologous expression and MALDI-PSD studies reveal that the cyanobacterial protease inhibitors microviridin B and J are synthesized from ribosomally produced prepeptides that are transformed into tricyclic depsipeptides by ATP grasp ligases and processed by a transporter peptidase. © 2008 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Bacterial synthesis of diverse indole terpene alkaloids by an unparalleled cyclization sequence Abstract: Getting indole terpenes into shape: Genetic analysis, pathway dissection, and heterologous reconstitution provide first insights into bacterial indolosesquiterpenoid biosynthesis and unveil the involvement of a new type of terpene cyclase and an indole oxygenase in the formation of indosespene, xiamycin, and sespenine ring systems. Furthermore, heterologous pathway expression led to the discovery of C-C- and C-N-linked xiamycin dimers. Copyright © 2012 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: The Isolation of a Second Antibiotic from Streptomyces hygroscopicus Abstract: S. hygroscopicus has been shown to produce a second antibiotic substance, hygromycin B. Isolation of hygromycin B was accomplished by chromatography on a cation-exchange resin, carbon adsorption and countercurrent distribution. Properties and partial characterization of the new antibiotic have been described. © 1958, American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.	2
Title: The pigments of Flexibacter elegans: Novel and chemosystematically useful compounds Abstract: 1. Flexibacter elegans Fx e1 contains 3 pigments; their quantitative proportion is 2.5 : 2.5 : 95%. The absolute pigment content is 0.6-0.8 μg per mg dry cells. 2. Contrary to statements in the literature, these pigments are not carotenoids. This can be deduced from their electronic spectra which lack fine structure and are pH-dependent; from their resistance to photooxidation; from their failure to incorporate 14C-mevalonate; and from their mass spectra which do not show the M-92 and M-106 fragments typical for carotenoids. 3. The main pigment is characterized in detail; it has been named flexirubin. 4. The new pigments are widely distributed among members of the Cytophaga-Flexibacter group and seem to be valuable chemosystematic markers. 5. Specific pigment content of the bacteria does neither change along the growth curve, nor under illumination. Low pH or high phosphate concentrations depress specific pigment content. 6. The taxonomical position of experimental strain Fx e1 is discussed: The organism shows a cyclic change in cell shape. In young cultures there are long and very agile thread cells which fragment later in culture development, until finally only very short rods remain. A redefinition of the genus Flexibacter based on this shape change is proposed. © 1974 Springer-Verlag.	2
Title: The structures of fosfazinomycins A and B Abstract: The structures of fosfazinomycins A and B, phosphorus containing antibiotics, have been established by spectral evidence and degradation studies. © 1983.	2
Title: Determination of absolute configuration of the phosphonic acid moiety of fosfazinomycins Abstract: Fosfazinomycins A and B produced by Streptomyces lavendofoliae share the same phosphonate moiety with one chiral centre of unknown configuration which was determined by synthesising both enantiomers of 2-hydroxy-2-phosphonoacetic acid methyl ester. A chiral cyclic phosphite was reacted with methyl glyoxylate in a Pudovik reaction to give a pair of diastereomeric α- hydroxyphosphonates, which were separated by HPLC. The configurations at C-2 were assigned on the basis of single crystal X-ray structure analysis. Deprotection of these diastereomers furnished the enantiomeric α-hydroxyphosphonic acids, of which the (S)-configured had the same sign of optical rotation as the phosphonic acid moiety of the two fosfazinomycins. © 2013 The Royal Society of Chemistry.	2
Title: Screening of antifungal antibiotics according to activities inducing morphological abnormalities Abstract: Activities of various known antifungal antibiotics known to induce morphological abnormalities of fungi and yeasts were examined. The observations seemed to provide a standard for detecting new antifungal antibiotics with a selective mode of action. Three new antibiotics, AC549, ATS 1287 (leptomycin) and AM630 (fosfazinomycin), were found according to their activities to induce characteristic morphological changes of test organisms. AC549 seemed to be a compound related to gougeroxymycin. © 1983 by the Agricultural Chemical Society of Japan.	2
Title: Studies on the mode of action of althiomycin Abstract: Among syntheses of DNA, RNA and protein in intact cells of E. coli B, althiomycin exhibited the strongest inhibition against protein synthesis. In the cell-free system althiomycin was confirmed to inhibit protein synthesis. On the other hand, it did not inhibit protein synthesis of reticulocyte either in the intact cells or in the cell-free system. By further studies in E. coli B systems the antibiotic was shown to inhibit the puromycin reaction, without inhibiting aminoacyl-tRNA synthesis and binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to ribosomes. © 1970, JAPAN ANTIBIOTICS RESEARCH ASSOCIATION. All rights reserved.	2
Title: Inhibition of electron transport by antimycin A, alkyl hydroxy napthoquinones and metal coordination compounds Abstract: Inhibition studies of electron transport by antimycin A and its derivatives demonstrated the requirement for available ligand groups and the lipophilic part of the molecule. Inhibition may be caused by the co-ordination of ion in the lipid molecular environment of the electron transport chain. Alkyl hydroxy naphthoquinones may inhibit by a similar mechanism or they may compete with coenzyme Q as their inhibition of succinic dehydrogenase-coenzyme Q indicates. Some conventional metal coordination compounds, especially thenoyl trifluoroacetone, are good inhibitors of electron transport but they lack specificity. © 1960.	2
Title: Tandem acyl carrier proteins in the curacin biosynthetic pathway promote consecutive multienzyme reactions with a synergistic effect Abstract: Synergistic gathering: Biochemical studies reveal a highly efficient strategy in biosynthesis to promote consecutive multienzyme reactions. In the curacin A pathway, catalytic efficiency of a multi-step modification process and one-step translocation is significantly enhanced by tandem organization and dimerization of the ACP3 tridomain with an unexpected synergistic effect (see scheme). Copyright © 2011 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Metabolic products of microorganisms - 111. Lipomycins I. Isolation, characterization and first investigations of the structure and the mechanism of action Stoffwechselprodukte von Mikroorganismen - 111. Mitteilung. Lipomycine I. Isolierung, Charakterisierung und erste Untersuchungen zur Konstitution und Wirkungsweise Abstract: α-Lipomycin is a new antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces aureofaciens. -The orange-red compound is a glycoside of the aglycone C26H35NO6 (β-lipomycin) and the 2.6-dideoxy-ribo-hexopyranose D-digitoxose.-The chromophore of the lipomycins and their methyl esters shows indicator properties. Similar to erythroskyrine a carbonyl group links a pentaene chain with a derivative of N-methyl-tetramic acid.-The polyenic optically active lipomycins are inhibitory against gram-positive bacteria and have no effect upon the growth of fungi and yeasts. The antibiotic activity is probably due to alterations of the cell membrane and is antagonized by lecithin and some sterols. © 1972 Springer-Verlag.	2
Title: First heterologous reconstruction of a complete functional fungal biosynthetic multigene cluster Abstract: (Chemical Equation Presented) Fungal chemical factory: Controlled expression of the complete tenellin biosynthetic pathway from Beauveria bassiana was achieved in the heterologous host Aspergillus oryzae by replacing the promoters of all four of its component genes with the A. oryzae amyB promoter; this produces tenellin at over five times the concentration of the native host. © 2010 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Metabolic products of microorganisms - 99. Kirromycin Stoffwechselprodukte von Mikroorganismen - 99. Mitteilung. Kirromycin Abstract: Kirromycin, a new yellow antibiotic, has been isolated from cultures of strain Tü 365 of Streptomyces collinus. It has been characterized by analytical, spectroscopic, and microbiological data. © 1972 Springer-Verlag.	2
Title: Genomics-driven discovery of burkholderic acid, a noncanonical, cryptic polyketide from human pathogenic burkholderia species Abstract: Biosynthetic secrets unveiled: Targeted promoter exchange in a cryptic biosynthesis gene cluster conserved among certain pathogenic Burkholderia species yielded a highly unstable, structurally unprecedented polyketide, burkholderic acid (1). Labeling experiments, gene knock-outs, and bioinformatics analyses grant first insights into a fascinating polyketide pathway. BurA is an unusual nonribosomal peptide synthetase/polyketide synthase featuring internal thioesterase domains. Copyright © 2012 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Eight new cytotoxic metabolites closely related to onnamide A from two marine sponges of the genus Theonella Abstract: New cytotoxic compounds 1-7 were isolated along with onnamide A (9) from a marine sponge Theonella sp. collected at Hachijo Island, whereas another Theonella sponge yielded 8. The structures of these compounds were determined by interpretation of the NMR spectral data as well as by comparison of spectral data with those of 9. Six compounds (1-6) were highly cytotoxic against the P388 cell line. © 1992.	2
Title: Theopederins F-J: Five new antifungal and cytotoxic metabolites from the marine sponge, Theonella swinhoei Abstract: Five new bioactive metabolites, theopederins F-J, have been isolated from the marine sponge, Theonella swinhoei. Their structures are derivatives of theopederins on the basis of spectral data. Theopederin F was antifungal against Saccharomyces cerevisiae al 1 μg/disk and cytotoxic against P388 murine leukemia cells with an IC50 vague of 0.15 ng/mL.	2
Title: An enzymatic domain for the formation of cyclic ethers in complex polyketides Abstract: Champion cyclist: In vitro studies on the pederin biosynthetic pathway identify pyran synthases (PS) as a new family of polyketide synthase domains that stereoselectively form diverse five- and six-membered ether rings by oxa-conjugate cyclization during carbon-chain elongation. These domains could be useful tools for chemoenzymatic synthesis. © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Substrate specificity in ketosynthase domains from trans-AT polyketide synthases Abstract: Branching out: The substrate specificity profiles for a range of ketosynthase (KS) domains from trans-AT PKSs are reported. Evidence is provided that a sterically demanding amino acid residue adjacent to the active-site Cys residue confers specificity towards non-β-methyl-branched substrates (see scheme). Copyright © 2013 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Divergolidesa A-D from a mangrove endophyte reveal an unparalleled plasticity in ansa-macrolide biosynthesis Abstract: In-built diversification: Four ansa macrolides, divergolidesa A-D (1-4), with intriguing structures were isolated from a bacterial endophyte of the mangrove tree Bruguiera gymnorrhiza. These compounds are generated by a common biogenesis from a linear precursor that undergoes various reactions to give the multicyclic structures. This remarkable plasticity results in metabolites with different antibacterial and cytotoxic properties. © 2011 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: A branched extender unit shared between two orthogonal polyketide pathways in an endophyte Abstract: Sharing a branch: The first biosynthesis of an unprecedented branched PKS extender unit from valine/isobutyrate was unveiled, involving a designated ketosynthase III and a crotonyl reductase/carboxylase (CCR). Isobutylmalonyl-CoA (ibMCoA) is not only employed in divergolide biosynthesis but is also incorporated into novel, antibacterial germicidins (see scheme). Such natural biocombinatorics are unparalleled in polyketide biosynthesis. © 2011 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: The use of platensimycin and platencin to fight antibiotic resistance Abstract: Infectious diseases are known as one of the most life-threatening disabilities worldwide. Approximately 13 million deaths related to infectious diseases are reported each year. The only way to combat infectious diseases is by chemotherapy using antimicrobial agents and antibiotics. However, due to uncontrolled and unnecessary use of antibiotics in particular, surviving bacteria have evolved resistance against several antibiotics. Emergence of multidrug resistance in bacteria over the past several decades has resulted in one of the most important clinical health problems in modern medicine. For instance, approximately 440,000 new cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis are reported every year leading to the deaths of 150,000 people worldwide. Management of multidrug resistance requires understanding its molecular basis and the evolution and dissemination of resistance; development of new antibiotic compounds in place of traditional antibiotics; and innovative strategies for extending the life of antibiotic molecules. Researchers have begun to develop new antimicrobials for overcoming this important problem. Recently, platensimycin - isolated from extracts of Streptomyces platensis - and its analog platencin have been defined as promising agents for fighting multidrug resistance. In vitro and in vivo studies have shown that these new antimicrobials have great potential to inhibit methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, vancomycin-resistant enterococci, and penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae by targeting type II fatty acid synthesis in bacteria. Showing strong efficacy without any observed in vivo toxicity increases the significance of these antimicrobial agents for their use in humans. However, at the present time, clinical trials are insufficient and require more research. The strong antibacterial efficacies of platensimycin and platencin may be established in clinical trials and their use in humans for coping with multidrug resistance may be allowed in the foreseeable future. © 2013 Allahverdiyev et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.	2
Title: Structure determination and total synthesis of bottromycin A2: A potent antibiotic against MRSA and VRE Abstract: (Chemical Equation Presented) After 50 years of persistence the 12-membered cyclic skeleton of bottromycin A2 (3) has been confirmed by NMR experiments (HMBC), and the configurations of two tLeu residues have been estimated by conformation analysis and NMR experiments. Furthermore, the key step in the synthesis of 3 involves the mercury-mediated formation of the amidine of thioamide 1 and amine 2. © 2009 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Tandem acyl carrier proteins in the curacin biosynthetic pathway promote consecutive multienzyme reactions with a synergistic effect Abstract: Synergistic gathering: Biochemical studies reveal a highly efficient strategy in biosynthesis to promote consecutive multienzyme reactions. In the curacin A pathway, catalytic efficiency of a multi-step modification process and one-step translocation is significantly enhanced by tandem organization and dimerization of the ACP3 tridomain with an unexpected synergistic effect (see scheme). Copyright © 2011 WILEY-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA, Weinheim.	2
Title: Total synthesis of salinamide A: A potent anti-inflammatory bicyclic depsipeptide Abstract: It's swell! The first total synthesis of potent anti-inflammatory agent salinamide A was achieved. This synthesis features a concise elaboration of the phenylglycine-derived epoxide fragment and the identification of two possible macrolactamization sites (see scheme). (Chemical Equation Presented) © 2008 Wiley-VCH Verlag GmbH & Co. KGaA.	2
Title: Salinamides, antiinflammatory depsipeptides from a marine streptomycete Abstract: In addition to the previously reported antiinflammatory agents salinamides A and B from the marine isolate Streptomyces sp. CNB-091, three minor peptides are described. Their total structures were established using a combination of spectral and chemical techniques. Revised structures are presented for the bicyclic depsipeptides salinamides A and B on the basis of the analysis of the dansylated salinamide A hydrolysate by chiral capillary electrophoresis. The fermentation yield of salinamide D, which contains a D- valine residue in place of the D-isoleucine moiety in salinamide A, can be dramatically increased 30-fold by supplementing the growth media with L- valine. Salinamides C and E are monocyclic depsipeptides that are likely methylated byproducts of salinamide A biosynthetic intermediates.	2
Title: Actinonin: An antibiotic substance produced by an actinomycete Abstract: DURING a programme of screening of soil and other materials to select antibiotically active microorganisms, Drs. R. Green and R. Bhagwan Singh, of the Institute for Medical Research, Kuala Lumpur, isolated a new species of an actinomycete, later classified under the serial number Streptomyces Cutter (C/2 (N.C.I.B. 8845). It was active against a number of bacterial strains, including Mycobacterium phlei and Staphylococcus aureus. © 1962 Nature Publishing Group.	2
Title: Understanding the Role of Fatty Acid Substrates on Primycin Biosynthesis by Saccharomonospora azurea during Batch Fermentation Abstract: Primycin is a 36-membered marginolactone antibiotic that is biosynthesized through the modular type I polyketide synthase pathway produced by Saccharomonospora azurea, a Gram-positive, soil-dwelling filamentous bacteria. In industrial-scale batch fermentation the primycin-producing strain is cultivated in a complex fermentation media empirically optimized for antibiotic production. To determine the role of various fatty acids on primycin production, the effect of stearic acid (C18:0), palmitic acid (C16:0), lauric acid (C12:0), capric acid (C10:0), enanthic acid (C7:0), caproic acid (C6:0), and butyric acid (C4:0) in growth medium was studied. Our results clearly show that palmitic acid was a better alternative of the originally applied stearic acid in all tested concentrations, while 4.5 g/L proved to be the most effective.	2
Title: Amycolatopsis coloradensis sp. nov., the avoparcin (LL-AV290)-producing strain Abstract: The strain that produces the glycopeptide antibiotic avoparcin (LL-AV290) has been described previously as a strain of 'Streptomyces candidus.' Morphological and chemotaxonomic properties of this strain are typical of the genus Amycolatopsis. The results of a study of the physiological properties of this organism and its levels of DNA relatedness to previously described Amycolatopsis species supported the decision to describe a new species for this strain, for which the name Amycolatopsis coloradensis is proposed. The type strain of A. coloradensis is NRRL 3218.	2
Title: Hapalosin, a Cyanobacterial Cyclic Depsipeptide with Multidrug-Resistance Reversing Activity Abstract: Hapalosin (2), a novel cyclic depsipeptide from the blue-green alga (cyanobacterium) Hapalosiphon welwitschii W. & G. S. West (Stigonemataceae), shows MDR-reversing activity. Its structure has been determined to be (3S,4S,8S,9S,12S)-9-benzyl-4-heptyl-8-hydroxy-12-isopropyl-3,10-dimethyl-1,5-dioxa-10-azacyclododecane-2,6,11 -trione by a combination of spectroscopic and chemical methods. The carbon skeleton of 2 was determined by two-dimensional 1H— and 1H—13C NMR correlation experiments and confirmed by mass spectral analysis. The relative and absolute stereochemistry was determined by coupling constant data and Mosher analysis of 2 and three degradation products obtained from acid hydrolysis of 2. © 1994, American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.	2
Title: Sch 18640. A New Thiostrepton-Type Antibiotic Abstract: The structure of a new thiostrepton-type antibiotic, Sch 18640, is established on the basis of degradative and spectroscopic (13C NMR and 600-MHz 1H NMR) studies. In addition, for the first time, 252CF plasma desorption mass spectrometry (252CF-PDMS) has been applied to determine the molecular weight of this class of antibiotics. © 1981, American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.	2
Title: Identification of wysPII as an activator of morphological development in Streptomyces albulus CK-15 Abstract: Wuyiencin is produced by Streptomyces albulus var. wuyiensis and used widely in agriculture to control a variety of fungal diseases, such as cucumber downy mildew, strawberry powdery mildew, and tomato gray mold. As an industrially-produced biopesticide, reducing production costs is very important for popularization of this approach. To obtain a rapidly growing strain that effectively shortens the fermentation time, we investigated the effects of knockout and overexpression of the wysPII gene, a member of the LuxR regulatory gene family, in S. albulus strain CK-15. The ΔwysPII mutant exhibited a reduced rate of growth and sporulation. The time taken to reach the greatest mycelial biomass was approximately 18 h shorter in the ooPII (wysPII overexpressing) strain compared with that of the wild-type (WT) strain. In addition, the time to reach the greatest wuyiencin production was 56 h in the ooPII strain compared with 62 h in the WT strain. Furthermore, wysPII was shown to act as an activator of morphological development without affecting wuyiencin production. Thus, the ooPII strain can be used to reduce costs and increase efficiency in industrial fermentation processes for wuyiencin production.	2
Title: Diaza-anthracene Antibiotics from a Freshwater-Derived Actinomycete with Selective Antibacterial Activity toward Mycobacterium tuberculosis Abstract: Multidrug- and extensively drug-resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis are resistant to first- and second-line drug regimens and resulted in 210,000 fatalities in 2013. In the current study, we screened a library of aquatic bacterial natural product fractions for their ability to inhibit this pathogen. A fraction from a Lake Michigan bacterium exhibited significant inhibitory activity, from which we characterized novel diazaquinomycins H and J. This antibiotic class displayed an in vitro activity profile similar or superior to clinically used anti-tuberculosis agents and maintained this potency against a panel of drug-resistant M. tuberculosis strains. Importantly, these are among the only freshwater-derived actinomycete bacterial metabolites described to date. Further in vitro profiling against a broad panel of bacteria indicated that this antibiotic class selectively targets M. tuberculosis. Additionally, in the case of this pathogen we present evidence counter to previous reports that claim the diazaquinomycins target thymidylate synthase in Gram-positive bacteria. Thus, we establish freshwater environments as potential sources for novel antibiotic leads and present the diazaquinomycins as potent and selective inhibitors of M. tuberculosis.	2
Title: The structures of diazaquinomycins a and b, new antibiotic metabolites Abstract: Novel substituted 1,8-diazaanthraquinone structures of diazaquinomycins A and B were determined by the application of nmr spectroscopy. © 1983.	2
Title: Structure of Natural Antibiotic CP-47,444 Abstract: The structure of the first member of a new class of natural antibiotics is deduced by the systematic application of high-resolution NMR techniques. © 1980, American Chemical Society. All rights reserved.	2
Title: Studies on julimycins-VIII. The structures of julichromes Q1·7, Q8·8, Q3·8, Q3·3 and Q1·9 Abstract: The structures of five new julichromes have been elucidated. The isolation of the pigments having a Q8 unit, corresponding to the hydroquinone of the Q1 unit, suggests the biogenesis of the anthraquinone system. The biogenetic relationships of the nine units found in the julichromes are also described. © 1970.	2
Title: Studies on julimycins-VI. The structures of julichromes Q1·2, Q2·2, Q3·5, Q3·5, Q4·5, Q2·5 and Q5·5 Abstract: Julichromes Q1·2 and Q2·2 are identified as the dehydration products of julimycin B-II. The structures of julichromes, which commonly have a new anthraquinonyl Q5 unit, are confirmed by their preparation from known julichromes. The conversion reaction, Q2 → Q5, which involves an intra-molecular redox is probably concerned in the biosynthesis of this unit. © 1970.	2
Title: First synthesis of (±)‐harzianopyridone by metalation of polysubstituted O‐pyridylcarbamates Abstract: The first synthesis of (±)‐harzianopyridone, an antifungal metabolite of Trichoderma harzianum, has been achieved by metalation of 6‐substituted‐2,3‐dimethoxy‐4‐pyridyl‐N,N‐diisopropylcarbamates. Moreover, the chosen strategy allowed the preparation of harzianopyridone analogs, by varying the groups at C‐4, C‐5 and C‐6 on the pyridine ring. Copyright © 1995 Journal of Heterocyclic Chemistry	2
Title: Linearmycin A, a novel linear polyene antibiotic Abstract: A novel linear polyene antibiotic, termed linearmycin A, was isolated from the mycelial extract of Streptomyces sp. No 30 and characterized as shown in Fig. 2. It has a long linear structure with amino and carboxylic acid terminals. © 1995.	2
Title: Potashchelins, a Suite of Lipid Siderophores Bearing Both L-threo and L-erythro Beta-Hydroxyaspartic Acids, Acquired From the Potash-Salt-Ore-Derived Extremophile Halomonas sp. MG34 Abstract: Four new lipid siderophores bearing both L-threo- and L-erythro-β-hydroxyaspartic acids, potashchelins A-D (1-4), were isolated from the potash-salt-ore-derived extremophile Halomonas sp. MG34. The planar structures of 1-4 were elucidated on the basis of extensive 1D and 2D NMR studies and MS/MS data. Potashchelins 1-4 contain a hydrophilic nonapeptide headgroup sequentially consisting of β-hydroxyaspartic acid, serine, glycine, serine, serine, β-hydroxyaspartic acid, threonine, serine, and cyclic N(δ)-hydroxy-ornithine, which is appended by one of a series of fatty acids ranging from dodecanoic acid to tetradecanoic acid. The absolute configurations of the amino acids of potashchelins 1-4 were determined by C3 and advanced Marfey's reaction, partial hydrolysis, and bioinformatics analysis, which revealed that potashchelins 1-4 bear both L-threo- and L-erythro-β-hydroxyaspartic acid. Phylogenetic analysis showed that the stand-alone β-hydroxylase, PtcA, and the fused domain with β-hydroxylase activity in PtcB are expected to be responsible for the formation of L-erythro and L-threo diastereomers, respectively. Additionally, utilizing a comparative genomics approach, we revealed an evolutionary mechanism for lipid siderophores in Halomonas involving horizontal transfer. Bioassays showed that potashchelin A and D had weak antibacterial activity against B. subtilis CPCC 100029 with an MIC value of 64 μg/mL.	2
Title: Total synthesis and structure revision of the marine metabolite palmerolide A Abstract: We describe a highly convergent and flexible synthesis of the novel antarctic marine metabolite palmerolide Aan effort leading to a reformulation of palmerolide A as ent-24, the enantiomer of the C19,C20-bis-epimer of the original proposed structure 1. Our total synthesis features a highly stereoselective vinylogous Mukaiyama aldol reaction to introduce the C19,C20-stereodiad, an efficient Suzuki cross-coupling to install the endocyclic diene unit, and an intramolecular Horner-Wadsworth-Emmons olefination to close the macrocycle. Starting from fragments 2, 3 (ent-3), and 13 (prepared in five to eight steps each, 38-70% overall yield) the synthesis of the proposed structure 1 and the enantiomer of palmerolide A (24) was completed in an additional 14 steps (22 steps longest linear sequence). Copyright © 2007 American Chemical Society.	2
Title: Total synthesis and structure revision of the marine metabolite palmerolide A Abstract: We describe a highly convergent and flexible synthesis of the novel antarctic marine metabolite palmerolide Aan effort leading to a reformulation of palmerolide A as ent-24, the enantiomer of the C19,C20-bis-epimer of the original proposed structure 1. Our total synthesis features a highly stereoselective vinylogous Mukaiyama aldol reaction to introduce the C19,C20-stereodiad, an efficient Suzuki cross-coupling to install the endocyclic diene unit, and an intramolecular Horner-Wadsworth-Emmons olefination to close the macrocycle. Starting from fragments 2, 3 (ent-3), and 13 (prepared in five to eight steps each, 38-70% overall yield) the synthesis of the proposed structure 1 and the enantiomer of palmerolide A (24) was completed in an additional 14 steps (22 steps longest linear sequence). Copyright © 2007 American Chemical Society.	2
Title: Discovery of gargantulides B and C, new 52-membered macrolactones from: Amycolatopsis sp. Complete absolute stereochemistry of the gargantulide family Abstract: Gargantulides B and C, two new and highly complex 52-membered glycosylated macrolactones, were isolated from Amycolatopsis sp. strain CA-230715 during an antibacterial screening campaign. The structures of these giant macrolides were elucidated by 2D NMR spectroscopy and shown to be related to gargantulide A, although containing additional β-glucopyranose and/or α-arabinofuranose monosaccharides separately attached to their backbones. Genome sequencing allowed the identification of a strikingly large 216 kbp biosynthetic gene cluster, among the largest type I PKS clusters described so far, and the proposal of a previously unreported biosynthetic pathway for gargantulides A-C. The absolute configurations of gargantulides B and C were assigned based on a combination of NMR and bioinformatics analysis of ketoreductase and enoylreductase domains within the multimodular type I PKS. In addition, the absolute stereochemistry of gargantulide A has now been revised and completed. Gargantulides B and C display potent antibacterial activity against a set of drug-resistant Gram-positive bacteria and moderate activity against the clinically relevant Gram-negative pathogen Acinetobacter baumannii.	2
Title: Draft genome sequence of the commercial biocontrol strain Pantoea agglomerans P10c Abstract: We report here the draft genome sequence of the biocontrol strain Pantoea agglomerans P10c, composed of a draft chromosome and two plasmids: the 559-kb large Pantoea plasmid 1 (pPag3) and a 182-kb plasmid (pPag1). A genomic island containing pantocin A biosynthesis genes was identified.	2
Title: Marinoterpins A-C: Rare Linear Merosesterterpenoids from Marine-Derived Actinomycete Bacteria of the Family Streptomycetaceae Abstract: The chemical examination of two undescribed marine actinobacteria has yielded three rare merosesterterpenoids, marinoterpins A-C (1-3, respectively). These compounds were isolated from the culture broth extracts of two marine-derived actinomycetes associated with the family Streptomycetaceae, (our strains were CNQ-253 and AJS-327). The structures of the new compounds were determined by extensive interpretation of 1D and 2D NMR, MS, and combined spectroscopic data. These compounds represent new chemical motifs, combining quinoline-N-oxides with a linear sesterterpenoid side chain. Additionally, consistent in all three metabolites is the rare occurrence of two five-ring ethers, which were derived from an apparent cyclization of methyl group carbons to adjacent hydroxy-bearing methylene groups in the sesterterpenoid side chain. Genome scanning of AJS-327 allowed for the identification of the marinoterpin (mrt) biosynthetic cluster, which consists of 16 open-reading frames that code for a sesterterpene pyrophosphate synthase, prenyltransferase, type II polyketide synthase, anthranilate:CoA-ligase, and several tailoring enzymes apparently responsible for installing the N-oxide and bis-tetrahydrofuran ring motifs.	2
Title: Author Correction: Selection of a subspecies-specific diterpene gene cluster implicated in rice disease resistance (Nature Plants, (2020), 6, 12, (1447-1454), 10.1038/s41477-020-00816-7) Abstract: In the version of this Letter originally published, the surname of the author Morifumi Hasegawa was misspelt as ‘Hasegewa’. Also, the author Jie Luo should not have been affiliated with the National Key Laboratory of Crop Genetic Improvement and National Center of Plant Gene Research (Wuhan); they should only have been affiliated with the College of Tropical Crops at Hainan University. These errors have been corrected.	2
Title: In silico analysis highlights the diversity and novelty of circular bacteriocins in sequenced microbial genomes Abstract: Consumer demand for "fresh food"with no chemical preservatives has prompted researchers to pay more attention to natural antimicrobial peptides such as bacteriocins. Nisin is currently the most widely used food biopreservative among the bacteriocins; however, its applications are restricted due to its low stability at neutral and alkaline pH values. Circular bacteriocins have potent antimicrobial activity against foodborne pathogens, show exceptional stability, and have great potential to be developed as biopreservatives. Here, we take advantage of the precursor peptides of 15 reported circular bacteriocins to devise an in silico approach to identify potential circular bacteriocins in sequenced microbial genomes. A total of nearly 7,000 putative precursor peptides were identified from 86 species of bacteria and further classified into 28 groups based on their amino acid similarity. Among the groups, 19 showed low similarity (less than 50%) to any known precursor peptide of circular bacteriocins. One novel circular bacteriocin in group 11, cerecyclin, showed the highest identity (34%) to the known circular bacteriocin enterocin NKR-5-3B and was selected for verification. Cerecyclin showed antimicrobial activity against several Gram-positive bacteria, inhibited the outgrowth of Bacillus cereus spores, and did not exhibit hemolysis activity. Moreover, it showed 4-fold- to 8-fold-higher antimicrobial activity against B. cereus and Listeria monocytogenes than nisin A. Cerecyclin also had increased stability compared to nisin A under neutral or alkaline conditions. This work not only identified a promising food biopreservative but also provided a rich source for novel circular bacteriocins. Importance: Circular bacteriocins are promising biopreservatives, and it is important to identify more novel circular bacteriocins to enhance the current arsenal of antimicrobials. In this study, we used an in silico approach to identify a large number of novel circular bacteriocins and classified these bacteriocins into 28 groups rather than the 2 groups that were described in previous studies. Nineteen groups were novel and had low similarity (less than 50%) to any known precursor peptides of circular bacteriocins; this finding greatly expands the awareness of the novelty and diversity of circular bacteriocins. A novel circular bacteriocin which we named cerecyclin was identified in the B. cereus group; this circular bacteriocin had great antimicrobial activity against some foodborne pathogens and showed extreme stability. This study not only identified a promising food biopreservative but also provided a rich source for the identification of novel circular bacteriocins and the development of new biopreservatives.	2
Title: Thermochelin, a hydroxamate siderophore from thermocrispum agreste DSM 44070 Abstract: Siderophores are produced by microorganisms in iron-deficient environments. They are classified by structure as hydroxamate, catecholate, carboxylate or mixed type siderophores. These differences are also reflected in the selectivity for other valuable elements than iron, which allows designating them as “metallophores”, and makes them of interest for several industrial and medical applications. Thus, it is essential to understand the biosynthesis of these molecules to increase the set of available metallophores that are stable and suited for the respective applications. The probable structure of the metallophore from T. agreste DSM 44070 was predicted by similarity search and gene annotation. An N-hydroxylating monooxygenase (NMO: TheA) of T. agreste DSM 44070 that catalyzes an initial step was synthesized and characterized in detail. The respective metallophore was synthesized, purified and studied. The structure prediction suggested a hydroxamate-type (Erythrochelin-like) metallophore that containsL-N5-hydroxyornithine. This precursor is synthesized by TheA. The siderophore designated as “Thermochelin” is produced, extracted and purified successfully. Complexation was confirmed by CAS-assay. In this study, we expanded the scope of siderophores and the knowledge towards their biosynthetic pathways. Thermochelin is the second siderophore, which was purified from a thermophilic organism, and TheA is the first NMO, which was characterized from an extremophile.	2
Title: Discovery and Characterization of New Hydroxamate Siderophores, Baumannoferrin A and B, produced by Acinetobacter baumannii Abstract: Acinetobacter baumannii AYE does not produce acinetobactin but grows under iron limitation. Accordingly, analyses of AYE iron-restricted culture supernatants resulted in the isolation of two fractions, which contained only hydroxamates and showed siderophore activity. Structural analyses identified baumannoferrin A and baumannoferrin B, which differ only by a double bond. These siderophores are composed of citrate, 1,3-diaminopropane, 2,4-diaminobutyrate, decenoic acid, and α-ketoglutarate. Analysis of the AYE genome showed the presence of a 12-gene cluster coding for proteins similar to those involved in the production and utilization of the hydroxamate siderophores acinetoferrin and achromobactin. As A. baumannii AYE does not produce acinetobactin and harbors only one gene cluster encoding the production and utilization of a siderophore, this strain's growth under iron limitation depends on baumannoferrin, a novel hydroxamate that could play a role in its virulence. A new bacterial siderophore: Although the A. baumannii AYE strain does not produce a catechol-based siderophore, it grows under iron-limiting conditions. This response is due to the production and utilization of baumannoferrin, an hydroxamate that is coded for by a locus that contains genes needed for its biosynthesis, transport, and intracellular utilization.	2
Title: Nocardiopsistins A-C: New angucyclines with anti-MRSA activity isolated from a marine sponge-derived Nocardiopsis sp. HB-J378 Abstract: Marine natural products have become an increasingly important source of new drug leads during recent years. In an attempt to identify novel anti-microbial natural products by bioprospecting deep-sea Actinobacteria, three new angucyclines, nocardiopsistins A-C, were isolated from Nocardiopsis sp. strain HB-J378. Notably, the supplementation of the rare earth salt Lanthanum chloride (LaCl3) during fermentation of HB-J378 significantly increased the yield of these angucyclines. The structures of nocardiopsistins A-C were identified by 1D and 2D NMR and HR-MS data. Nocardiopsistins A-C have activity against MRSA (methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus) with MICs of 3.12–12.5 μg/mL; the potency of nocardiopsistin B is similar to that of the positive control, chloramphenicol. Bioinformatic analysis of the draft genome of HB-J378 identified a set of three core genes in a biosynthetic gene cluster that encode a typical aromatic or type II polyketide synthase (PKS) system, including ketoacyl:ACP synthase α-subunit (KSα), β-subunit (KSβ) and acyl carrier protein (ACP). The production of nocardiopsistins A-C was abolished when the three genes were knocked out, indicating their indispensable role in the production of nocardiopsistins.	2
Title: New Polycyclic Tetramate Macrolactam from Streptomyces sp. S001 链霉菌S001代谢产生的多环特特拉姆酸大环内酰胺 Abstract: Montamide A (1), a new polycyclic tetramate macrolactam (PoTeM) with a 5/5/6 tricyclic system was isolated from recombinant strain S001-PoTeMS023, which is derived from Streptomyces sp. S001 by introducing a new PoTeM biosynthetic gene cluster cftS023. The chemical structure of 1 was elucidated by different spectroscopic techniques including HRMS, 1D and 2D-NMR and ECD spectroscopies. The antibacterial and antifungal activities of compound 1 were carried out by filter paper disc diffusion assay. The results showed that compound 1 has no effect on tested strains at 40 μg/disc. The cytotoxicity of compound 1 was evaluated by methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium (MTT) assay using doxorubicin as a positive control. Compound 1 showed weak antiproliferative activity against human lung carcinoma cell line A549 (IC50~22.6 μmol/L), and the substitution at C16 was critical for the cytotoxicity of compound 1. In addition, the biosynthetic gene cluster of compound 1 was identified and the biosynthetic pathway of compound 1 was proposed.	2
Title: Contrasting results of immunological monitoring in cyclosporine- and azathioprine-treated renal allograft recipients Abstract: The availability of monoclonal antibodies recognizing antigenic determinants on human T cells has made possible immunologic monitoring in patients following renal transplantation. The present study compares the effects of 'conventional' therapy (Azathioprine/Prednisone (AZA-P)) with those of cyclosporine and Prednisone (CSA-P) in renal allograft recipients. Lymphocyte subsets and natural killer (NK) cell levels were analyzed and compared in these groups of patients.	2
Title: Identification and characterization of a novel circular bacteriocin, bacicyclicin XIN-1, from Bacillus sp. Xin1 Abstract: In recent years, bacteriocins have attracted considerable interest for use as natural food preservatives against spoilage and pathogenic microorganisms. Recent studies have shown that the strains of Bacillus cereus group produce a range of highly diverse bacteriocins. In this study, we screened a large number of Bacillus cereus group strains and isolated one strain, Bacillus sp. Xin1, with antimicrobial activity against several food-borne pathogens. A novel circular bacteriocin, bacicyclicin XIN-1 (MW: 5848.1719 Da), was purified from the culture supernatant of Bacillus sp. Xin1. This bacteriocin exhibited high thermal stability, wide pH tolerance, and a wide range of antimicrobial activities against Bacillus cereus, Listeria monocytogenes, and Staphylococcus aureus, three important foodborne pathogens, as well as other pathogens. Bacicyclicin XIN-1 also inhibited the outgrowth of Bacillus cereus spores and did not show hemolysis activity. Bacicyclicin XIN-1 effectively inhibited or eliminated B. cereus ATTCC14579, S. aureus ATCC6538, and L. monocytogenes LM201 in skim milk. Our findings indicate that bacicyclicin XIN-1 has a remarkable potential for use as a natural food preservative in the food industry.	2
Title: New Tetramic Acids Comprising of Decalin and Pyridones From Chaetomium olivaceum SD-80A With Antimicrobial Activity Abstract: Cycloaddition reactions such as intramolecular Diels–Alder (IMDA) are extremely important in constructing multicyclic scaffolds with diverse bioactivities. Using MycB as a biomarker, three new polyketides – Chaetolivacines A (1), B (3), and C (4) – with one known compound Myceliothermophin E (2) comprising of decalin and 4-hydroxy-2-pyridones were obtained from the culture of Chaetomium olivaceum SD-80A under the guidance of gene mining. The structures of these compounds were established using detailed 1D, 2D NMR, and high-resolution electron spray ionization mass spectroscopy (HRESIMS) analysis. The relative and absolute configurations of the compounds 1, 3, and 4 were elucidated by NOESY and ECD. The biosynthesis pathways of these compounds were proposed, which involves in three key genes ChaA [polyketide synthase-non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (PKS-NRPS)], ChaB, and ChaC. Compounds 1–4 were tested for their antimicrobial activities, and compounds 2 and 3 showed moderate bioactivity against Staphylococcus aureus (SA) and methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) with MIC values of 15.8 and 27.1 μM. The results showed that configuration of C-21 in 3 and 4 is important for anti-SA and anti-MRSA activities. This study reveals the significant potential of the genus Chaetomium in producing new PKS-NRPS, therefore increasing the speed in the mining for new sources of antimicrobial agents.	2
Title: Identification of the Antifungal Metabolite Chaetoglobosin P From Discosia rubi Using a Cryptococcus neoformans Inhibition Assay: Insights Into Mode of Action and Biosynthesis Abstract: Cryptococcus neoformans is an important human pathogen with limited options for treatments. We have interrogated extracts from fungal fermentations to find Cryptococcus-inhibiting natural products using assays for growth inhibition, differential thermosensitivity, and synergy with existing antifungal drugs. Extracts from fermentations of strains of Discosia rubi from eastern Texas showed anticryptococcal bioactivity with preferential activity in agar zone of inhibition assays against C. neoformans at 37°C versus 25°C. Assay-guided fractionation led to the purification and identification of chaetoglobosin P as the active component of these extracts. Genome sequencing of these strains revealed a biosynthetic gene cluster consistent with chaetoglobosin biosynthesis and β-methylation of the tryptophan residue. Proximity of genes of the actin-binding protein twinfilin-1 to the chaetoglobosin P and K gene clusters suggested a possible self-resistance mechanism involving twinfilin-1 which is consistent with the predicted mechanism of action involving interference with the polymerization of the capping process of filamentous actin. A C. neoformans mutant lacking twinfilin-1 was hypersensitive to chaetoglobosin P. Chaetoglobosins also potentiated the effects of amphotericin B and caspofungin on C. neoformans.	2
Title: Aglycone polyether nanchangmycin and its homologues exhibit apoptotic and antiproliferative activities against cancer stem cells Abstract: The potential of the polyether salinomycin as an inhibitory agent against cancer stem cells has attracted interest in this family of compounds. In this study, we found that the aglycone polyether nanchangmycin and its homologues show promising activities against breast cancer stem cells as well as 38 other different types of cancer cells by in vitro assays. We found that aglycone polyethers caused elevations in calcium levels, an accumulation of reactive oxygen species and mitochondrial inner membrane permeability to H+ and K+, resulting in the release of cytochrome c and apoptosis-inducing factor and the triggering of caspase-dependent apoptosis. Our analyses also indicate that aglycone polyethers are potent Wnt/β-catenin signaling inhibitors, blocking the Wnt pathway and resulting in reduced cell survival. Notably, the key autophagy-related proteins LC3A/B were also activated by aglycone polyether treatment. Furthermore, nanchangmycin showed inhibitory effects toward somatic tumors developed from MCF-7 paclitaxel-resistant breast cancer cells injected into BALB/c mice. Our study not only provides promising candidates for therapy against cancer stem cells but also provides the groundwork for identifying stronger therapeutic agents among the natural polyether compounds.	2
Title: Biosynthetic reconstitution of deoxysugar phosphoramidate metalloprotease inhibitors using an N-P-bond-forming kinase Abstract: Phosphoramidon is a potent metalloprotease inhibitor and a widespread tool in cell biology research. It contains a dipeptide backbone that is uniquely linked to a 6-deoxysugar via a phosphoramidate bridge. Herein, we report the identification of a gene cluster for the formation of phosphoramidon and its detailed characterization. In vitro reconstitution of the biosynthesis established TalE as a phosphoramidate-forming kinase and TalC as the glycosyltransferase which installs the l-rhamnose moiety by phosphoester linkage.	2
Title: Discovery of daspyromycins A and B, 2-aminovinyl-cysteine containing lanthipeptides, through a genomics-based approach Abstract: Lanthipeptides are one of the largest groups of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) and are characterized by the presence of lanthionine (Lan) or methyllanthionine residues (MeLan). Only very few lanthipeptides contain a C-terminal 2-aminovinyl-cysteine (AviCys) motif, but all of them show potent antibacterial activities. Recent advances of genome sequencing led to the rapid accumulation of new biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) for lanthipeptides. In this study, through our genome mining strategy, we found the AviCys containing lanthipeptides are widespread in the bacterial kingdom. A lanthipeptide-type biosynthetic gene cluster was identified from public bacterial genome database. Two new lanthipeptides, daspyromycins A and B (1 and 2) containing AviCys motif, along with two degraded products, daspyromycins C and D (3 and 4), were obtained after heterologous expression of the gene cluster in Streptomyces albus J1074. Daspyromycins A and B showed potent antimicrobial activity against a spectrum of Gram-positive and -negative bacteria including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and vancomycin-resistant Enterococci (VRE).	2
Title: Genomic Insights into Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Producing Shewanella sp. N2AIL from Fish Gut Abstract: The genus Shewanella is widely distributed in niches ranging from an aquatic environment to spoiled fish and is loaded with various ecologically and commercially important metabolites. Bacterial species under this genus find application in bioelectricity generation and bioremediation due to their capability to use pollutants as the terminal electron acceptor and could produce healthbeneficial omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). Here, the genome sequence of an EPA-producing bacterium, Shewanella sp. N2AIL, isolated from the gastrointestinal tract of Tilapia fish, is reported. The genome size of the strain was 4.8 Mb with a GC content of 46.3% containing 4385 protein-coding genes. Taxonogenomic analysis assigned this strain to the genus Shewanella on the basis of average nucleotide identity (ANI) and in silico DNA-DNA hybridization (DDH), phylogenetically most closely related with S. baltica NCTC 10735T. The comparative genome analysis with the type strain of S. baltica revealed 693 unique genes in the strain N2AIL, highlighting the variation at the strain level. The genes associated with stress adaptation, secondary metabolite production, antibiotic resistance, and metal reduction were identified in the genome suggesting the potential of the bacterium to be explored as an industrially important strain. PUFA synthase gene cluster of size ~20.5 kb comprising all the essential domains for EPA biosynthesis arranged in five ORFs was also identified in the strain N2AIL. The study provides genomic insights into the diverse genes of Shewanella sp. N2AIL, which is particularly involved in adaptation strategies and prospecting secondary metabolite potential, specifically the biosynthesis of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.	2
Title: Genomics-inspired discovery of massiliachelin, an agrochelin epimer from Massilia sp. NR 4-1 Abstract: A putative siderophore locus was detected in the genome of the violacein-producing bacterium Massilia sp. NR 4-1 and predicted to direct the biosynthesis of a molecule that is structurally related to the thiazoline-containing siderophore micacocidin. In order to track this compound, we analyzed the metabolic profiles of Massilia cultures grown under different iron concentrations. A compound which was found to be predominantly produced under iron deficiency was subsequently isolated. Its structural characterization by spectroscopic and bioinformatic analyses revealed a previously not known diastereomer of the cytotoxic alkaloid agrochelin. The structure of this natural product, which was named massiliachelin, corresponds to the assembly line encoded by the identified siderophore locus.	2
Title: Nanangenines: Drimane sesquiterpenoids as the dominant metabolite cohort of a novel Australian fungus, Aspergillus nanangensis Abstract: Chemical investigation of an undescribed Australian fungus, Aspergillus nanangensis, led to the identification of the nanangenines – a family of seven new and three previously reported drimane sesquiterpenoids. The structures of the nanangenines were elucidated by detailed spectroscopic analysis supported by single crystal X-ray diffraction studies. The compounds were assayed for in vitro activity against bacteria, fungi, mammalian cells and plants. Bioinformatics analysis, including comparative analysis with other acyl drimenol-producing Aspergilli, led to the identification of a putative nanangenine biosynthetic gene cluster that corresponds to the proposed biosynthetic pathway for nanangenines.	2
