Title: Engineering the redox potential over a wide range within a new class of FeS proteins Abstract: MitoNEET is a newly discovered mitochondrial protein and a target of the TZD class of antidiabetes drugs. MitoNEET is homodimeric with each protomer binding a [2Fe-2S] center through a rare 3-Cys and 1-His coordination geometry. Both the fold and the coordination of the [2Fe-2S] centers suggest that it could have novel properties compared to other known [2Fe-2S] proteins. We tested the robustness of mitoNEET to mutation and the range over which the redox potential (E(M)) could be tuned. We found that the protein could tolerate an array of mutations that modified the E(M) of the [2Fe-2S] center over a range of ∼700 mV, which is the largest E(M) range engineered in an FeS protein and, importantly, spans the cellular redox range (+200 to -300 mV). These properties make mitoNEET potentially useful for both physiological studies and industrial applications as a stable, water-soluble, redox agent.	0
Title: Synthesis of Axially Chiral 2,2'-Bisphosphobiarenes via a Nickel-Catalyzed Asymmetric Ullmann Coupling: General Access to Privileged Chiral Ligands without Optical Resolution Abstract: We report an asymmetric homocoupling of ortho-(iodo)arylphosphine oxides and ortho-(iodo)arylphosphonates resulting in highly enantioenriched axially chiral bisphosphine oxides and bisphosphonates. These products are readily converted to enantioenriched biaryl bisphosphines without need for chiral auxiliaries or optical resolution. This provides a practical route for the development of previously uninvestigated atroposelective biaryl bisphosphine ligands. The conditions have also proven effective for asymmetric dimerization of other, non-phosphorus-containing aryl halides.	0
Title: Enantioselective Decarboxylative Arylation of α-Amino Acids via the Merger of Photoredox and Nickel Catalysis Abstract: An asymmetric decarboxylative Csp(3)-Csp(2) cross-coupling has been achieved via the synergistic merger of photoredox and nickel catalysis. This mild, operationally simple protocol transforms a wide variety of naturally abundant α-amino acids and readily available aryl halides into valuable chiral benzylic amines in high enantiomeric excess, thereby producing motifs found in pharmacologically active agents.	0
Title: Decarboxylative arylation of α-amino acids via photoredox catalysis: a one-step conversion of biomass to drug pharmacophore Abstract: The direct decarboxylative arylation of α-amino acids has been achieved via visible light-mediated photoredox catalysis. This method offers rapid entry to prevalent benzylic amine architectures from an abundant biomass, specifically α-amino acid precursors. Significant substrate scope is observed with respect to both the amino acid and arene components.	0
Title: High specificity, electrochemical sandwich assays based on single aptamer sequences and suitable for the direct detection of small-molecule targets in blood and other complex matrices Abstract: We herein demonstrate a sandwich assay based on single aptamer sequences is suitable for the direct detection of small molecule targets in blood serum and other complex matrices. By splitting an aptamer into two pieces, we convert a single affinity reagent into a two-component system in which the presence of the target drives formation of a complex comprised of the target and the two halves of the aptamer. To demonstrate the utility of this approach we have used single anticocaine and anti-ATP aptamers to fabricate electrochemical sensors directed against the representative small molecules cocaine and ATP. Both targets are detected at low micromolar concentrations, in seconds, and in a convenient, general, readily reusable, electrochemical format. Moreover, both sensors are selective enough to deploy directly in blood, crude cellular lysates and other complex sample matrices.	0
Title: M2@C79N (M = Y, Tb): isolation and characterization of stable endohedral metallofullerenes exhibiting M-M bonding interactions inside aza[80]fullerene cages Abstract: Y2@C79N and Tb2@C79N have been prepared by conducting the Kratschmer-Huffman electric-arc process under 20 Torr of N2 and 280 Torr of He with metal oxide-doped graphite rods. These new heterofullerenes were separated from the resulting mixture of empty cage fullerenes and endohedral fullerenes by chemical separation and a two-stage chromatographic process. Crystallographic data for Tb2@C79N x Ni(OEP) x 2 C6H6 demonstrate the presence of an 80-atom cage with idealized I(h) symmetry and two, widely separated Tb atoms inside with a Tb-Tb separation of 3.9020(10) A for the major terbium sites. The EPR spectrum of the odd-electron Y2@C79N indicates that the spin density largely resides on the two equivalent yttrium ions. Computational studies on Y2@C79N suggest that the nitrogen atom resides at a 665 ring junction in the equator on the fullerene cage and that the unpaired electron is localized in a bonding orbital between the two yttrium ions of this stable radical. Thus, the Tb-Tb bond length of the single-electron bond is an exceedingly long metal-metal bond.	0
Title: Practical Synthesis of Amides via Copper/ABNO-Catalyzed Aerobic Oxidative Coupling of Alcohols and Amines Abstract: A modular Cu/ABNO catalyst system has been identified that enables efficient aerobic oxidative coupling of alcohols and amines to amides. All four permutations of benzylic/aliphatic alcohols and primary/secondary amines are viable in this reaction, enabling broad access to secondary and tertiary amides. The reactions exhibit excellent functional group compatibility and are complete within 30 min-3 h at rt. All components of the catalyst system are commercially available.	0
Title: Nickel-catalyzed carbon-carbon bond-forming reactions of unactivated tertiary alkyl halides: Suzuki arylations Abstract: The first Suzuki cross-couplings of unactivated tertiary alkyl electrophiles are described. The method employs a readily accessible catalyst (NiBr(2)·diglyme/4,4'-di-tert-butyl-2,2'-bipyridine, both commercially available) and represents the initial example of the use of a group 10 catalyst to cross-couple unactivated tertiary electrophiles to form C-C bonds. This approach to the synthesis of all-carbon quaternary carbon centers does not suffer from isomerization of the alkyl group, in contrast with the umpolung strategy for this bond construction (cross-coupling of a tertiary alkylmetal with an aryl electrophile). Preliminary mechanistic studies are consistent with the generation of a radical intermediate along the reaction pathway.	0
Title: Catalytic asymmetric γ-alkylation of carbonyl compounds via stereoconvergent Suzuki cross-couplings Abstract: With the aid of a chiral nickel catalyst, enantioselective γ- (and δ-) alkylations of carbonyl compounds can be achieved through the coupling of γ-haloamides with alkylboranes. In addition to primary alkyl nucleophiles, for the first time for an asymmetric cross-coupling of an unactivated alkyl electrophile, an arylmetal, a boronate ester, and a secondary (cyclopropyl) alkylmetal compound are shown to couple with significant enantioselectivity. A mechanistic study indicates that cleavage of the carbon-halogen bond of the electrophile is irreversible under the conditions for asymmetric carbon-carbon bond formation.	0
Title: Taming the Complexity of Donor-Acceptor Stenhouse Adducts: Infrared Motion Pictures of the Complete Switching Pathway Abstract: Switches that can be actively steered by external stimuli along multiple pathways at the molecular level are the basis for next-generation responsive material systems. The operation of commonly employed molecular photoswitches revolves around one key structural coordinate. Photoswitches with functionalities that depend on and can be addressed along multiple coordinates would offer novel means to tailor and control their behavior and performance. The recently developed donor-acceptor Stenhouse adducts (DASAs) are versatile switches suitable for such applications. Their photochemistry is well understood, but is only responsible for part of their overall photoswitching mechanism. The remaining thermal switching pathways are to date unknown. Here, rapid-scan infrared absorption spectroscopy is used to obtain transient fingerprints of reactions occurring on the ground state potential energy surface after reaching structures generated through light absorption. The spectroscopic data are interpreted in terms of structural transformations using kinetic modeling and quantum chemical calculations. Through this combined experimental-theoretical approach, we are able to unravel the complexity of the multidimensional ground-state potential energy surface explored by the photoswitch and use this knowledge to predict, and subsequently confirm, how DASA switches can be guided along this potential energy surface. These results break new ground for developing user-geared DASA switches but also shed light on the development of novel photoswitches in general.	0
