Title: Plasticity and evolution of aeruginosin biosynthesis in cyanobacteria Abstract: Aeruginosins are bioactive oligopeptides that are produced in high structural diversity by strains of the bloom-forming cyanobacterial genera Microcystis and Planktothrix. A hallmark of aeruginosins is the unusual Choi moiety central to the tetrapeptides, while other positions are occupied by variable moieties in individual congeners. Here we report on three aeruginosin synthetase gene clusters (aer) of Microcystis aeruginosa (strains PCC 7806, NIES-98, and NIES-843). The analysis and comparison the aer gene clusters provide the first insight into the molecular basis of biosynthetic and structural plasticity in aeruginosin pathways. Major parts of the aer gene clusters are highly similar in all strains, particularly the genes coding for the first three nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) modules except for the region coding for the second adenylation domain. However, the gene clusters differ largely in genes coding for tailoring enzymes such as halogenases and sulfotransferases, reflecting structural peculiarities in aeruginosin congeners produced by the individual strains. Significant deviations were further observed in the C-terminal NRPS modules, suggesting two distinct release mechanisms. The architecture of the gene clusters is in agreement with the particular aeruginosin variants that are produced by individual strains, the structures of two of which (aeruginosins 686 A and 686 B) were elucidated. The aer gene clusters of Microcystis and Planktothrix are proposed to originate from a common ancestor and to have evolved to their present-day diversity largely through horizontal gene transfer and recombination events.	1
Title: Ribosomally synthesized thiopeptide antibiotics targeting elongation factor Tu Abstract: We identified the thiomuracins, a novel family of thiopeptides produced by a rare-actinomycete bacterium typed as a Nonomuraea species, via a screen for inhibition of growth of the bacterial pathogen Staphylococcus aureus. Thiopeptides are a class of macrocyclic, highly modified peptides that are decorated by thiazoles and defined by a central six-membered heterocyclic ring system. Mining the genomes of thiopeptide-producing strains revealed the elusive biosynthetic route for this class of antibiotics. The thiopeptides are chromosomally encoded, ribosomally synthesized proteins, and isolation of gene clusters for production of thiomuracin and the related thiopeptide GE2270A revealed the post-translational machinery required for maturation. The target of the thiomuracins was identified as bacterial Elongation Factor Tu (EF-Tu). In addition to potently inhibiting a target that is unexploited by marketed human therapeutics, the thiomuracins have a low propensity for selecting for antibiotic resistance and confer no measurable cross-resistance to antibiotics in clinical use.	1
Title: A theoretical study of the structure of parathyroid hormone Abstract: Theoretical analysis of the tertiary and secondary structure of parathyroid hormone was conducted. By combining interpretations from this analysis with chemical data available in the literature, certain structural features of the hormone are consistently predicted. The proposed model for the hormone contains two domains dominated by hydrophobic clustering of critical residues within each domain and separated by an exposed linker region. In the prediction of two domains with a linker region, the model is similar to that proposed by Fiskin et al. [Fiskin, A.M., Cohn, D.M. & Peterson, G.S. (1977) J. Biol. Chem. 252, 8261-8268], but it differs significantly in other respects. The proposed structural features are apparent in the bovine, human, and porcine species of hormone.	0
Title: Collisional and Coulombic unfolding of gas-phase proteins: high correlation to their domain structures in solution Abstract: The three-dimensional structures adopted by proteins are predicated by their many biological functions. Mass spectrometry has played a rapidly expanding role in protein structure discovery, enabling the generation of models for both proteins and their higher-order assemblies. While important coursed-grained insights have been generated, relatively few examples exist where mass spectrometry has been successfully applied to the characterization of protein tertiary structure. Here, we demonstrate that gas-phase unfolding can be used to determine the number of autonomously folded domains within monomeric proteins. Our ion mobility-mass spectrometry data highlight a strong, positive correlation between the number of protein unfolding transitions observed in the gas phase and the number of known domains within a group of sixteen proteins ranging from 8-78 kDa. This correlation and its potential uses for structural biology is discussed.	0
Title: Characterization of the biosynthetic genes for 10,11-dehydrocurvularin, a heat shock response-modulating anticancer fungal polyketide from Aspergillus terreus Abstract: 10,11-Dehydrocurvularin is a prevalent fungal phytotoxin with heat shock response and immune-modulatory activities. It features a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid lactone polyketide framework with structural similarities to resorcylic acid lactones like radicicol or zearalenone. A genomic locus was identified from the dehydrocurvularin producer strain Aspergillus terreus AH-02-30-F7 to reveal genes encoding a pair of iterative polyketide synthases (A. terreus CURS1 [AtCURS1] and AtCURS2) that are predicted to collaborate in the biosynthesis of 10,11-dehydrocurvularin. Additional genes in this locus encode putative proteins that may be involved in the export of the compound from the cell and in the transcriptional regulation of the cluster. 10,11-Dehydrocurvularin biosynthesis was reconstituted in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by heterologous expression of the polyketide synthases. Bioinformatic analysis of the highly reducing polyketide synthase AtCURS1 and the nonreducing polyketide synthase AtCURS2 highlights crucial biosynthetic programming differences compared to similar synthases involved in resorcylic acid lactone biosynthesis. These differences lead to the synthesis of a predicted tetraketide starter unit that forms part of the 12-membered lactone ring of dehydrocurvularin, as opposed to the penta- or hexaketide starters in the 14-membered rings of resorcylic acid lactones. Tetraketide N-acetylcysteamine thioester analogues of the starter unit were shown to support the biosynthesis of dehydrocurvularin and its analogues, with yeast expressing AtCURS2 alone. Differential programming of the product template domain of the nonreducing polyketide synthase AtCURS2 results in an aldol condensation with a different regiospecificity than that of resorcylic acid lactones, yielding the dihydroxyphenylacetic acid scaffold characterized by an S-type cyclization pattern atypical for fungal polyketides.	1
Title: A putative polyketide synthase/peptide synthetase from Magnaporthe grisea signals pathogen attack to resistant rice Abstract: Isolates of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe grisea that carry the gene encoding Avirulence Conferring Enzyme1 (ACE1) are specifically recognized by rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars carrying the resistance gene Pi33. This recognition enables resistant plants to activate a defense response. ACE1 was isolated by map-based cloning and encodes a putative hybrid between a polyketide synthase and a nonribosomal peptide synthetase, enzymes involved in microbial secondary metabolism. ACE1 is expressed exclusively during fungal penetration of host leaves, the time point at which plant defense reactions are triggered. Ace1 appears to be localized in the cytoplasm of the appressorium. Mutation of the putative catalytic site of the beta-ketoacyl synthase domain of Ace1 abolishes recognition of the fungus by resistant rice. This suggests that Ace1 biosynthetic activity is required for avirulence. Our results are consistent with the hypothesis that the fungal signal recognized by resistant rice plants is the secondary metabolite whose synthesis depends on Ace1.	1
Title: Targeted Gene Inactivations Expose Silent Cytochalasans in Magnaporthe grisea NI980 Abstract: The biosynthetic gene cluster encoding the phytotoxin pyrichalasin H 5 was discovered in Magnaporthe grisea NI980, and the late-stage biosynthetic pathway of 5 was fully elucidated using targeted gene inactivations resulting in the isolation of 13 novel cytochalasans. This study reveals that the nonproteinogenic amino acid O-methyltyrosine is the true precursor of 5, and other cryptic cytochalasans and mutasynthesis experiments produce novel halogenated pyrichalasin H analogues.	1
Title: Excess leucine intake induces serine dehydratase in rat liver Abstract: We have hypothesized that rat liver serine dehydratase (SDH) is induced in response to the amount of surplus amino acids from dietary protein. In the present study, we found that excess leucine intake strongly induced SDH activity in the liver but not in the kidney of rats. The increase in activity was accompanied by increases in the levels of SDH mRNA. On the other hand, isoleucine and valine had little effect on SDH induction. These results support our hypothesis and suggest that leucine is a signal for SDH induction.	0
Title: Direct observation of an enamine intermediate in amine catalysis Abstract: An enamine intermediate is believed to be the central feature of biological catalysts, such as aldolases and small molecule amine organocatalysts. Despite decades of investigation of naturally occurring aldolase enzymes and recent studies on designed aldolase antibodies and organocatalysts, direct structural observation of an enamine intermediate has proven to be rare. Herein, we report the observation of a stable enamine intermediate in the crystal structure of an aldolase antibody 33F12 in complex with a 1,3-diketone derivative. This enamine complex structure provides strong evidence that fewer residues are essential for amine catalysis within the hydrophobic environments of this catalytic antibody than speculated for natural aldolase enzymes and should serve to guide future studies aimed at the rational design of these types of catalysts, as well as organocatalysts. Indeed, enamine catalysis in proteins might be more simplistic than previously imagined.	0
Title: Catalytic analysis of the validamycin glycosyltransferase (ValG) and enzymatic production of 4''-epi-validamycin A Abstract: ValG is a glycosyltransferase (GT) that is responsible for the glucosylation of validoxylamine A to validamycin A. To explore the potential utilization of ValG as a tool for the production of validamycin analogues, a number of nucleotidyldiphosphate-sugars were evaluated as alternative substrates for ValG. The results indicated that in addition to its natural substrate, UDP-glucose, ValG also efficiently utilized UDP-galactose as sugar donor and resulted in the production of an unnatural compound, 4''-epi-validamycin A. The new compound demonstrated a moderate growth inhibitory activity against the plant fungal pathogen Rhizoctonia solani (= Pellicularia sasakii). A comparative analysis of ValG with its homologous proteins revealed that ValG contains an unusual DTG motif, in place of the DXD motif proposed for metal ion binding and/or NDP-sugar binding and commonly found in other glycosyltransferases. Site-directed mutagenesis of the DTG motif of ValG to DCD altered its preferences for metal ion binding, but did not seem to affect its substrate specificity.	0
Title: Resorcylic acid lactones: naturally occurring potent and selective inhibitors of MEK Abstract: A resorcylic acid lactone, L-783,277, isolated from a Phoma sp. (ATCC 74403) which came from the fruitbody of Helvella acetabulum, is a potent and specific inhibitor of MEK (Map kinase kinase). L-783,277 inhibits MEK with an IC50 value of 4 nM. It weakly inhibits Lck and is inactive against Raf, PKA and PKC. L-783,277 is an irreversible inhibitor of MEK and is competitive with respect to ATP. L-783,290, the trans-isomer of L-783,277, was isolated from the same culture and evaluated together with several semi-synthetic resorcylic acid lactone analogs. A preliminary structure-activity relationship is presented. Several independent cell-based assays have been carried out to study the biological activities of these resorcylic acid lactone compounds and a brief result summary from these studies is presented.	0
Title: Identification and characterization of a novel diterpene gene cluster in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Fungal secondary metabolites are a rich source of medically useful compounds due to their pharmaceutical and toxic properties. Sequencing of fungal genomes has revealed numerous secondary metabolite gene clusters, yet products of many of these biosynthetic pathways are unknown since the expression of the clustered genes usually remains silent in normal laboratory conditions. Therefore, to discover new metabolites, it is important to find ways to induce the expression of genes in these otherwise silent biosynthetic clusters. We discovered a novel secondary metabolite in Aspergillus nidulans by predicting a biosynthetic gene cluster with genomic mining. A Zn(II)(2)Cys(6)-type transcription factor, PbcR, was identified, and its role as a pathway-specific activator for the predicted gene cluster was demonstrated. Overexpression of pbcR upregulated the transcription of seven genes in the identified cluster and led to the production of a diterpene compound, which was characterized with GC/MS as ent-pimara-8(14),15-diene. A change in morphology was also observed in the strains overexpressing pbcR. The activation of a cryptic gene cluster by overexpression of its putative Zn(II)(2)Cys(6)-type transcription factor led to discovery of a novel secondary metabolite in Aspergillus nidulans. Quantitative real-time PCR and DNA array analysis allowed us to predict the borders of the biosynthetic gene cluster. Furthermore, we identified a novel fungal pimaradiene cyclase gene as well as genes encoding 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-glutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase and a geranylgeranyl pyrophosphate (GGPP) synthase. None of these genes have been previously implicated in the biosynthesis of terpenes in Aspergillus nidulans. These results identify the first Aspergillus nidulans diterpene gene cluster and suggest a biosynthetic pathway for ent-pimara-8(14),15-diene.	1
Title: Boosting Oxygen Electrocatalytic Activity of Fe-N-C Catalysts by Phosphorus Incorporation Abstract: Nitrogen-doped graphitic carbon materials hosting single-atom iron (Fe-N-C) are major non-precious metal catalysts for the oxygen reduction reaction (ORR). The nitrogen-coordinated Fe sites are described as the first coordination sphere. As opposed to the good performance in ORR, that in the oxygen evolution reaction (OER) is extremely poor due to the sluggish O-O coupling process, thus hampering the practical applications of rechargeable zinc (Zn)-air batteries. Herein, we succeed in boosting the OER activity of Fe-N-C by additionally incorporating phosphorus atoms into the second coordination sphere, here denoted as P/Fe-N-C. The resulting material exhibits excellent OER activity in 0.1 M KOH with an overpotential as low as 304 mV at a current density of 10 mA cm-2. Even more importantly, they exhibit a remarkably small ORR/OER potential gap of 0.63 V. Theoretical calculations using first-principles density functional theory suggest that the phosphorus enhances the electrocatalytic activity by balancing the *OOH/*O adsorption at the FeN4 sites. When used as an air cathode in a rechargeable Zn-air battery, P/Fe-N-C delivers a charge-discharge performance with a high peak power density of 269 mW cm-2, highlighting its role as the state-of-the-art bifunctional oxygen electrocatalyst.	0
Title: Interaction of kanamycin A and kanamycin B with phospholipids Abstract: It has been suggested that the aminoglycoside drugs are ototoxic because they contain amine groups that interact with membrane phospholipids. The interaction of kanamycin A and kanamycin B with vesicles containing various phospholipids was assessed from studies of vesicle aggregation and of the fluorescence of the probes 1-anilino-8-naphthalene sulfonic acid (ANS) and 1,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (DPH) added to the system. Kanamycin B, with 5 amino groups, showed a stronger interaction with the acidic phospholipids than kanamycin A, with only 4 amino groups. The evidence indicated that the interaction was an ionic one involving the charged groups of both components with penetration of the hydrocarbon interior of the bilayers. Of all the phospholipids tested polyphosphoinositide showed the greatest ability to interact with the kanamycins, supporting the proposal that interaction with this phospholipid may be the basis of the ototoxicity of aminoglycosides.	0
Title: Genome Mining of Streptomyces sp. Tü 6176: Characterization of the Nataxazole Biosynthesis Pathway Abstract: Streptomyces sp. Tü 6176 produces the cytotoxic benzoxazole nataxazole. Bioinformatic analysis of the genome of this organism predicts the presence of 38 putative secondary-metabolite biosynthesis gene clusters, including those involved in the biosynthesis of AJI9561 and its derivative nataxazole, the antibiotic hygromycin B, and ionophores enterobactin and coelibactin. The nataxazole biosynthesis gene cluster was identified and characterized: it lacks the O-methyltransferase gene required to convert AJI9561 into nataxazole. This O-methyltransferase activity might act as a resistance mechanism, as AJI9561 shows antibiotic activity whereas nataxazole is inactive. Moreover, heterologous expression of the nataxazole biosynthesis gene cluster in S. lividans JT46 resulted in the production of AJI9561. Nataxazole biosynthesis requires the shikimate pathway to generate 3-hydroxyanthranilate and an iterative type I PKS to generate 6-methylsalicylate. Production of nataxazole was improved up to fourfold by disrupting one regulatory gene in the cluster. An additional benzoxazole, 5-hydroxynataxazole is produced by Streptomyces sp. Tü 6176. 5-Hydroxynataxazole derives from nataxazole by the activity of an as yet unidentified oxygenase; this implies cross-talk between the nataxazole biosynthesis pathway and an unknown pathway.	1
Title: A new genome-mining tool redefines the lasso peptide biosynthetic landscape Abstract: Ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) natural products are attractive for genome-driven discovery and re-engineering, but limitations in bioinformatic methods and exponentially increasing genomic data make large-scale mining of RiPP data difficult. We report RODEO (Rapid ORF Description and Evaluation Online), which combines hidden-Markov-model-based analysis, heuristic scoring, and machine learning to identify biosynthetic gene clusters and predict RiPP precursor peptides. We initially focused on lasso peptides, which display intriguing physicochemical properties and bioactivities, but their hypervariability renders them challenging prospects for automated mining. Our approach yielded the most comprehensive mapping to date of lasso peptide space, revealing >1,300 compounds. We characterized the structures and bioactivities of six lasso peptides, prioritized based on predicted structural novelty, including one with an unprecedented handcuff-like topology and another with a citrulline modification exceptionally rare among bacteria. These combined insights significantly expand the knowledge of lasso peptides and, more broadly, provide a framework for future genome-mining efforts.	1
Title: Three-component asymmetric catalytic Ugi reaction--concinnity from diversity by substrate-mediated catalyst assembly Abstract: The first chiral catalyst for the three-component Ugi reaction was identified as a result of a screen of a large set of different BOROX catalysts. The BOROX catalysts were assembled in situ from a chiral biaryl ligand, an amine, water, BH3·SMe2, and an alcohol or phenol. The catalyst screen included 13 different ligands, 12 amines, and 47 alcohols or phenols. The optimal catalyst system (LAP 8-5-47) provided α-amino amides from an aldehyde, a secondary amine, and an isonitrile with excellent asymmetric induction. The catalytically active species is proposed to be an ion pair that consists of the chiral boroxinate anion and an iminium cation.	0
Title: Stabilizing the Oxygen Lattice and Reversible Oxygen Redox Chemistry through Structural Dimensionality in Lithium-Rich Cathode Oxides Abstract: Lattice-oxygen redox (l-OR) has become an essential companion to the traditional transition-metal (TM) redox charge compensation to achieve high capacity in Li-rich cathode oxides. However, the understanding of l-OR chemistry remains elusive, and a critical question is the structural effect on the stability of l-OR reactions. Herein, the coupling between l-OR and structure dimensionality is studied. We reveal that the evolution of the oxygen-lattice structure upon l-OR in Li-rich TM oxides which have a three-dimensional (3D)-disordered cation framework is relatively stable, which is in direct contrast to the clearly distorted oxygen-lattice framework in Li-rich oxides which have a two-dimensional (2D)/3D-ordered cation structure. Our results highlight the role of structure dimensionality in stabilizing the oxygen lattice in reversible l-OR, which broadens the horizon for designing high-energy-density Li-rich cathode oxides with stable l-OR chemistry.	0
Title: Parametric instability of optical non-Hermitian systems near the exceptional point Abstract: In contrast to Hermitian systems, the modes of non-Hermitian systems are generally nonorthogonal. As a result, the power of the system signal depends not only on the mode amplitudes but also on the phase shift between them. In this work, we show that it is possible to increase the mode amplitudes without increasing the power of the signal. Moreover, we demonstrate that when the system is at the exceptional point, any infinitesimally small change in the system parameters increases the mode amplitudes. As a result, the system becomes unstable with respect to such perturbation. We show such instability by using the example of two coupled waveguides in which loss prevails over gain and all modes are decaying. This phenomenon enables compensation for losses in dissipative systems and opens a wide range of applications in optics, plasmonics, and optoelectronics, in which loss is an inevitable problem and plays a crucial role.	0
Title: Biosynthetic origin of the antibiotic cyclocarbamate brabantamide A (SB-253514) in plant-associated Pseudomonas Abstract: Within the framework of our genome-based program to discover new antibiotic lipopeptides from Pseudomonads, brabantamides A-C were isolated from plant-associated Pseudomonas sp. SH-C52. Brabantamides A-C displayed moderate to high in vitro activities against Gram-positive bacterial pathogens. Their shared structure is unique in that they contain a 5,5-bicyclic carbamate scaffold. Here, the biosynthesis of brabantamide A (SB-253514) was studied by a combination of bioinformatics, feeding experiments with isotopically labelled precursors and in vivo and in vitro functional analysis of enzymes encoded in the biosynthetic pathway. The studies resulted in the deduction of all biosynthetic building blocks of brabantamide A and revealed an unusual feature of this metabolite: its biosynthesis occurs via an initially formed linear di-lipopeptide that is subsequently rearranged by a novel FAD-dependent Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase.	1
Title: Cytochrome P450-mediated hydroxylation is required for polyketide macrolactonization in stambomycin biosynthesis Abstract: Many polyketide antibiotics contain macrolactones that arise from polyketide synthase chain release via thioesterase (TE) domain-catalyzed macrolactonization. The hydroxyl groups utilized in such macrolactonization reactions typically derive from reduction of β-ketothioester intermediates in polyketide chain assembly. The stambomycins are a group of novel macrolide antibiotics with promising anticancer activity that we recently discovered via rational activation of a silent polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster in Streptomyces ambofaciens. Here we report that the hydroxyl group utilized for formation of the macrolactone in the stambomycins is derived from cytochrome P450-catalyzed hydroxylation of the polyketide chain rather than keto reduction during chain assembly. This is a novel mechanism for macrolactone formation in polyketide antibiotic biosynthesis.	1
Title: The Silicon-Hydrogen Exchange Reaction: A Catalytic σ-Bond Metathesis Approach to the Enantioselective Synthesis of Enol Silanes Abstract: The use of chiral enol silanes in fundamental transformations such as Mukaiyama aldol, Michael, and Mannich reactions as well as Saegusa-Ito dehydrogenations has enabled the chemical synthesis of enantiopure natural products and valuable pharmaceuticals. However, accessing these intermediates in high enantiopurity has generally required the use of either stoichiometric chiral precursors or stoichiometric chiral reagents. We now describe a catalytic approach in which strongly acidic and confined imidodiphosphorimidates (IDPi) catalyze highly enantioselective interconversions of ketones and enol silanes. These "silicon-hydrogen exchange reactions" enable access to enantiopure enol silanes via tautomerizing σ-bond metatheses, either in a deprotosilylative desymmetrization of ketones with allyl silanes as the silicon source or in a protodesilylative kinetic resolution of racemic enol silanes with a carboxylic acid as the silyl acceptor.	0
Title: Isolation and characterization of transposon Tn5-induced mutants of Pseudomonas perfectomarina defective in nitrous oxide respiration Abstract: Transposon (Tn5) mutagenesis of Pseudomonas perfectomarina with the plasmid pSUP2021 [(pBR325-Mob(RP4))::Tn5] and the chromosomally integrated RP4 plasmid in Escherichia coli as the donor, produced three distinct groups of mutants that were defective in nitrous oxide respiration. One group of mutants lacked the structural protein of N2O reductase, the second synthesized a copper-free apoprotein; and a third group expressed a low level of intact enzyme. The mutants provided evidence for N2O being the immediate precursor of dinitrogen in denitrification and documented the essentiality of the copper enzyme. Synthesis of N2O reductase depended strongly on the growth conditions, with N2O-grown cells expressing the lowest level of enzyme. Regulatory responses of mutants elicited by nitrate or oxygen were unaltered when compared with wild-type behavior.	0
Title: Fungal Dirigent Protein Controls the Stereoselectivity of Multicopper Oxidase-Catalyzed Phenol Coupling in Viriditoxin Biosynthesis Abstract: Paecilomyces variotii produces the antibacterial and cytotoxic ( M)-viriditoxin (1) together with a trace amount of its atropisomer ( P)-viriditoxin 1'. Elucidation of the biosynthesis by heterologous pathway reconstruction in Aspergillus nidulans identified the multicopper oxidase (MCO) VdtB responsible for the regioselective 6,6'-coupling of semiviriditoxin (10), which yielded 1 and 1' at a ratio of 1:2. We further uncovered that VdtD, an α/β hydrolase-like protein lacking the catalytic serine, directs the axial chirality of the products. Using recombinant VdtB and VdtD as cell-free extracts from A. nidulans, we demonstrated that VdtD acts like a dirigent protein to control the stereoselectivity of the coupling catalyzed by VdtB to yield 1 and 1' at a ratio of 20:1. Furthermore, we uncovered a unique Baeyer-Villiger monooxygenase (BVMO) VdtE that could transform the alkyl methylketone side chain to methyl ester against the migratory aptitude.	1
Title: Mild and rapid hydroxylation of aryl/heteroaryl boronic acids and boronate esters with N-oxides Abstract: Aryl and heteroaryl boronic acids and boronate esters are rapidly, often within minutes, transformed into the corresponding phenols by N-oxides in an open flask at ambient temperature. This transformation has broad compatibility with a variety of functional groups.	0
Title: Unified Biosynthetic Origin of the Benzodipyrrole Subunits in CC-1065 Abstract: CC-1065 is the first characterized member of a family of naturally occurring antibiotics including yatakemycin and duocarmycins with exceptionally potent antitumor activity. CC-1065 contains three benzodipyrroles (1a-, 1b-, and 1c-) of which the 1a-subunit is remarkable by being composed of a cyclopropane ring, and the mechanism for the biological formation of benzodipyrrole rings remains elusive. Previously, biosynthetic studies of CC-1065 were limited to radioactively labeled precursor feeding experiments, which showed that tyrosine (Tyr) and serine (Ser) were incorporated into the two benzodipyrrole (1b- and 1c-) subunits via the same mode but that this was different from the key cyclopropabenzodipyrrole (1a-) subunit with N1-C2-C3 derived from Ser. Herein, the biosynthetic gene cluster of CC-1065 has been cloned, analyzed, and characterized by a series of gene inactivations. Significantly, a key intermediate bearing a C7-OH group derived from a Δc10C mutant exhibited improved cytotoxicity. Moreover, this data inspired us to suspect that the 1a-subunit might employ the same precursor incorporation mode as the 1b- and 1c-subunits. Subsequently, 13C-labeled Tyr feeding experiments confirmed that the N1-C2-C3 is originated from Tyr via DOPA as an intermediate. Collectively, a biosynthetic pathway of benzodipyrrole is proposed featuring a revised and unified precursor incorporation mode, which implicates an oxidative cyclization strategy for the assembly of benzodipyrrole. This work sets the stage for further study of enzymatic mechanisms and combinatorial biosynthesis for new DNA alkylating analogues.	1
Title: Molecular Genetic Characterization of an Anthrabenzoxocinones Gene Cluster in Streptomyces Sp. FJS31-2 for the Biosynthesis of BE-24566B and Zunyimycin Ale Abstract: Genome mining is an effective tool used to discover novel natural products from actinomycetes. Genome sequence analysis of Streptomyces sp. FJS31-2 revealed the presence of one putative type II polyketide gene cluster (ABX), which may correspond to type II polyketide products including BE-24566B and its chloro-derivatives. The addition of natural humus acid successfully activated the biosynthsis of the abx gene cluster. BE-24566B and its chloro-derivatives, named zunyimycin A, were also detected. The targeted deletion of the polyketide skeleton synthesis genes such as abxp, abxk, and abxs was performed in the wild strain to identify the gene cluster for BE-24566B biosynthesis.	1
Title: Specificity of the E1-E2-E3 enzymatic cascade for ubiquitin C-terminal sequences identified by phage display Abstract: Ubiquitin (UB) is a protein modifier that regulates many essential cellular processes. To initiate protein modification by UB, the E1 enzyme activates the C-terminal carboxylate of UB to launch its transfer through the E1-E2-E3 cascade onto target proteins. In this study, we used phage display to profile the specificity of the two human E1 enzymes, Ube1 and Uba6, toward the C-terminal sequence of UB ending with (71)LRLRGG(76). Phage selection revealed that while Arg72 of UB is absolutely required for E1 recognition, UB residues at positions 71, 73, and 74 can be replaced with bulky aromatic side chains, and Gly75 of UB can be changed to Ser, Asp, and Asn for efficient E1 activation. We have thus found that the E1 enzymes have substantial promiscuity regarding the UB C-terminal sequence. The UB variants from phage selection can also be transferred from E1 to E2 enzymes; however, they are blocked from further transfer to the E3 enzymes. This suggests that the C-terminal sequence of UB is important for its discharge from E2 and subsequent transfer to E3. In addition, we observed that the Leu73Phe and Leu73Tyr single mutants of UB are resistant to cleavage by deubiquitinating enzymes (DUBs), although they can be assembled by the E1-E2-E3 cascade into poly-UB chains, thus indicating differences in UB C-terminal specificities between the E1 and DUBs. Consequently these UB mutants may provide stability to UB polymers attached to cellular proteins and facilitate the elucidation of the biological signals encoded in the UB chains.	0
Title: Expression, purification and preliminary diffraction studies of CmlS Abstract: CmlS, a flavin-dependent halogenase (FDH) present in the chloramphenicol-biosynthetic pathway in Streptomyces venezuelae, directs the dichlorination of an acetyl group. The reaction mechanism of CmlS is of considerable interest as it will help to explain how the FDH family can halogenate a wide range of substrates through a common mechanism. The protein has been recombinantly expressed in Escherichia coli and purified to homogeneity. The hanging-drop vapour-diffusion method was used to produce crystals that were suitable for X-ray diffraction. Data were collected to 2.0 A resolution. The crystal belonged to space group C2, with unit-cell parameters a = 208.1, b = 57.7, c = 59.9 A, beta = 97.5 degrees .	1
Title: Enzyme-catalyzed macrocyclization of long unprotected peptides Abstract: A glutathione S-transferase (GST) catalyzed macrocyclization reaction for peptides up to 40 amino acids in length is reported. GST catalyzes the selective S(N)Ar reaction between an N-terminal glutathione (GSH, γ-Glu-Cys-Gly) tag and a C-terminal perfluoroaryl-modified cysteine on the same polypeptide chain. Cyclic peptides ranging from 9 to 24 residues were quantitatively produced within 2 h in aqueous pH = 8 buffer at room temperature. The reaction was highly selective for cyclization at the GSH tag, enabling the combination of GST-catalyzed ligation with native chemical ligation to generate a large 40-residue peptide macrocycle.	0
Title: When it is hard to get to with genetics--planar cell polarity under a chemical scalpel Abstract: Planar cell polarity (PCP) has been under genetic dissection for decades. More and more fundamental developmental processes have been found relying on PCP signaling. However, mechanisms of how PCP signaling generates asymmetry is still unknown. A recent paper in Chemistry & Biology (Sundberg et al., 2011) represents the efforts to decipher the intracellular code of polarity signaling.	0
Title: A Luminescence-Based Coupled Enzyme Assay Enables High-Throughput Quantification of the Bacterial Second Messenger 3'3'-Cyclic-Di-AMP Abstract: Cyclic dinucleotide signaling systems, which are found ubiquitously throughout nature, allow organisms to rapidly and dynamically sense and respond to alterations in their environments. In recent years, the second messenger, cyclic di-(3',5')-adenosine monophosphate (c-di-AMP), has been identified as an essential signaling molecule in a diverse array of bacterial genera. We and others have shown that defects in c-di-AMP homeostasis result in severe physiological defects and virulence attenuation in many bacterial species. Despite significant advancements in the field, there is still a major gap in the understanding of the environmental and cellular factors that influence c-di-AMP dynamics due to a lack of tools to sensitively and rapidly monitor changes in c-di-AMP levels. To address this limitation, we describe here the development of a luciferase-based coupled enzyme assay that leverages the cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase, CnpB, for the sensitive and high-throughput quantification of 3'3'-c-di-AMP. We also demonstrate the utility of this approach for the quantification of the cyclic oligonucleotide-based anti-phage signaling system (CBASS) effector, 3'3'-cGAMP. These findings establish CDA-Luc as a more affordable and sensitive alternative to conventional c-di-AMP detection tools with broad utility for the study of bacterial cyclic dinucleotide physiology.	0
Title: Resolving DNA at efficiencies of more than a million plates per meter using bare narrow open capillaries without sieving matrices Abstract: We report a novel approach for effectively separating DNA molecules in free solution. The method uses a bare narrow open capillary without any sieving matrices to resolve a wide size-range of DNA fragments at efficiencies of more than a million plates per meter routinely.	0
Title: Structure of trichamide, a cyclic peptide from the bloom-forming cyanobacterium Trichodesmium erythraeum, predicted from the genome sequence Abstract: A gene cluster for the biosynthesis of a new small cyclic peptide, dubbed trichamide, was discovered in the genome of the global, bloom-forming marine cyanobacterium Trichodesmium erythraeum ISM101 because of striking similarities to the previously characterized patellamide biosynthesis cluster. The tri cluster consists of a precursor peptide gene containing the amino acid sequence for mature trichamide, a putative heterocyclization gene, an oxidase, two proteases, and hypothetical genes. Based upon detailed sequence analysis, a structure was predicted for trichamide and confirmed by Fourier transform mass spectrometry. Trichamide consists of 11 amino acids, including two cysteine-derived thiazole groups, and is cyclized by an N C terminal amide bond. As the first natural product reported from T. erythraeum, trichamide shows the power of genome mining in the prediction and discovery of new natural products.	1
Title: Antimicrobial activity of clioquinol and nitroxoline: a scoping review Abstract: Clioquinol and nitroxoline, two drugs with numerous pharmacological properties fallen into disuse for many decades. The first was considered dangerous due to contraindications and the second mainly because was taken as ineffective, despite its known antibacterial activity. In the last decades, the advances in pharmaceutical chemistry, molecular biology, toxicology and genetics allowed to better understand the cellular action of these compounds, some toxicological issues and/or activity scopes. Thus, a new opportunity for these drugs to be considered as potential antimicrobial agents has arisen. This review contemplates the trajectory of clioquinol and nitroxoline from their emergence to the present day, emphasizing the new studies that indicate the possibility of reintroduction for specific cases.	0
Title: Efficient in vivo synthesis of lasso peptide pseudomycoidin proceeds in the absence of both the leader and the leader peptidase Abstract: Bacterial lasso peptides are made from linear ribosomally synthesized precursors by specific cleavage at the leader-core junction site of the precursor by a dedicated protease recognizing the leader, followed by cyclisation of the newly formed N-terminus of the core part with a side chain of the internal aspartic or glutamic residue catalyzed by a macrolactam synthetase. The resulting structure has a tail that is threaded and fixed inside the cycle formed. Here, we characterize a new lasso peptide, pseudomycoidin, encoded by Bacillus pseudomycoides DSM 12442. The most surprising and unique feature of pseudomycoidin is that it can be produced in vivo from the ribosomally synthesized core part by a macrolactam synthetase, in the absence of the leader protease. The minimalism of the pseudomycoidin synthesis system makes it a powerful model to generate pseudomycoidin-based lasso-peptide libraries and to study the poorly understood process of lasso formation. We detected two additional pseudomycoidin modifications: phosphorylation of a terminal residue that was previously observed in another lasso peptide, followed by glycosylation, which was not observed heretofore. We speculate that these bulky C-terminal modifications may help maintain the threaded lasso topology of the compound synthesized by the macrolactam synthetase.	0
Title: Chaetoglobosins and azaphilones from Chaetomium globosum associated with Apostichopus japonicus Abstract: Increasing attention has recently been focused on complex symbiotic associations, for instance coral and its symbionts. Sea cucumber, harboring diverse fungi, has also attracted more and more attention for their functional diversity. Here, secondary metabolites produced by Chaetomium globosum associated with sea cucumber, Apostichopus japonicus, were investigated using gene mining with third-generation sequencing technology (PacBio SMRT). Nine compounds, including one new compound cytoglobosin X (1), were isolated from cultures of Chaetomium globosum. Compound 1 was identified based on NMR data, HRESIMS, and ECD, and the absolute configurations were identified as 3S, 4R, 7S, 8R, 9R, 16S, 19S, 20S, and 23S. In an antimicrobial assay, compound 4 showed moderate activity against Staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with MICs of 47.3 and 94.6 μM, respectively. Our results suggest that the microbiomes associated with sea cucumber could be an important resource for biodiversity and structural novelty, and the bioactive compounds may protect the host from pathogen microbial.	1
Title: REVERSAL OF d-CYCLOSERINE INHIBITION OF BACTERIAL GROWTH BY ALANINE Abstract: Zygmunt, Walter A. (Mead Johnson & Co., Evansville, Ind.). Reversal of d-cycloserine inhibition of bacterial growth by alanine. J. Bacteriol. 84:154-156. 1962.-Reversal of the antibacterial activity of d-4-amino-3-isoxazolidone by alanine in bacterial cultures actively growing on chemically defined media was compared in cultures requiring exogenous alanine and those capable of its synthesis. dl-Alanine was the most effective reversal agent in Pediococcus cerevisiae, an alanine-requiring organism, and d-alanine was effective in Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus, organisms synthesizing alanine. With all three cultures, l-alanine was the least effective reversal agent.	0
Title: Biosynthesis and Ether-Bridge Formation in Nargenicin Macrolides Abstract: The nargenicin family of antibiotics are macrolides containing a rare ether-bridged cis-decalin motif. Several of these compounds are highly active against multi-drug resistant organisms. Despite the identification of the first members of this family almost 40 years ago, the genetic basis for the production of these molecules and the enzyme responsible for formation of the oxa bridge, remain unknown. Here, the 85 kb nargenicin biosynthetic gene cluster was identified from a human pathogenic Nocardia arthritidis isolate and this locus is solely responsible for nargenicin production. Further investigation of this locus revealed a putative iron-α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenase, which was found to be responsible for the formation of the ether bridge from the newly identified deoxygenated precursor, 8,13-deoxynargenicin. Uncovering the nargenicin biosynthetic locus provides a molecular basis for the rational bioengineering of these interesting antibiotic macrolides.	1
Title: Mutational analyses of HAMP helices suggest a dynamic bundle model of input-output signalling in chemoreceptors Abstract: To test the gearbox model of HAMP signalling in the Escherichia coli serine receptor, Tsr, we generated a series of amino acid replacements at each residue of the AS1 and AS2 helices. The residues most critical for Tsr function defined hydrophobic packing faces consistent with a four-helix bundle. Suppression patterns of helix lesions conformed to the predicted packing layers in the bundle. Although the properties and patterns of most AS1 and AS2 lesions were consistent with both proposed gearbox structures, some mutational features specifically indicate the functional importance of an x-da bundle over an alternative a-d bundle. These genetic data suggest that HAMP signalling could simply involve changes in the stability of its x-da bundle. We propose that Tsr HAMP controls output signals by modulating destabilizing phase clashes between the AS2 helices and the adjoining kinase control helices. Our model further proposes that chemoeffectors regulate HAMP bundle stability through a control cable connection between the transmembrane segments and AS1 helices. Attractant stimuli, which cause inward piston displacements in chemoreceptors, should reduce cable tension, thereby stabilizing the HAMP bundle. This study shows how transmembrane signalling and HAMP input-output control could occur without the helix rotations central to the gearbox model.	0
Title: Simple photometric assay of beta-lactamase activity Abstract: A simple photometric assay of beta-lactamase activity was developed. The method is based on a decrease in optical density at 620 nm caused by the formation of a penicilloic acid-iodine complex. The enzymatic reaction is instantaneously stopped by the addition of a concentrated iodine-tungstate solution. Data showing the time and concentration dependence of the reaction are presented. By varying both the time of the assay and the concentration of the enzyme, substrates of widely different V(max) values could be assayed. The assay is compared with other methods of determining beta-lactamase activity.	0
Title: The gene PatG involved in the biosynthesis pathway of patulin, a food-borne mycotoxin, encodes a 6-methylsalicylic acid decarboxylase Abstract: Patulin is a mycotoxin produced by fungal genera such as Aspergillus, Penicillium and Byssochlamys. It induces neurological, gastrointestinal and immunological effects, which is why patulin belongs to a short list of mycotoxins whose level in food is regulated in many countries around the world. Recently, a cluster gathering 15 genes involved in the biosynthesis of patulin has been identified in Aspergillus clavatus, but so far, only 4 genes encoding 6-methylsalicylic acid synthase, m-cresol hydroxylase, m-hydroxybenzyl alcohol hydroxylase and isoepoxydon dehydrogenase have been characterized. Previous studies have shown the involvement of a decarboxylase in the transformation of 6-methylsalicylic acid, the first stable patulin precursor, into m-cresol. In this study a putative decarboxylase gene, PatG, was identified in the genome sequence of A. clavatus. This gene is located near two P450 cytochrome genes PatH and PatI responsible respectively for the hydroxylation of m-cresol and m-hydroxybenzyl alcohol. This decarboxylase encoded by PatG (ACLA_093620) consists of 325 amino acids. The search for putative conserved domain revealed that the gene product belongs to the AminoCarboxyMuconate Semialdehyde Decarboxylase (ACMSD) related protein family. This family includes decarboxylases such as the γ-resorcylate decarboxylase or o-pyrocatechuate decarboxylase. The substrates of these enzymes display strong structural similarities with 6-methylsalicylic acid. PatG was strongly expressed during patulin production whereas it was very weakly expressed in non-patulin permissive conditions. The coding sequence was used to enable heterologous expression of functional enzymes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. The presence of decarboxylase was confirmed by Western blot. The bioconversion assays showed that PATG catalyzed the decarboxylation of 6-methylsalicylic acid into m-cresol. These results confirm for the first time that 6-methylsalicylic acid is the substrate for PATG, the 6-methylsalicylic acid decarboxylase. With this study, the four genes involved in the four first steps of patulin biosynthesis pathway (acetate→gentisyl alcohol) are now identified.	1
Title: Interchenar retrotransfer of aureothin intermediates in an iterative polyketide synthase module Abstract: The course of the enigmatic iterative use of a polyketide synthase module was deduced from targeted domain inactivation in the aureothin assembly line. Mutational analyses revealed that the N-terminus of AurA is not involved in the iteration process, ruling out an ACP-ACP shuttle. Furthermore, an AurA(KS°, ACP°)-AurA(AT(0)) heterodimer proved to be nonfunctional, whereas aureothin production was restored in a ΔaurA mutant complemented with AurA(KS°)-AurA(ACP°). This finding supports a model according to which the ACP-bound polyketide intermediate is transferred back to the KS domain on the opposite PKS strand.	1
Title: Genomics-guided discovery of thailanstatins A, B, and C As pre-mRNA splicing inhibitors and antiproliferative agents from Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB43 Abstract: Mining the genome sequence of Burkholderia thailandensis MSMB43 revealed a cryptic biosynthetic gene cluster resembling that of FR901464 (4), a prototype spliceosome inhibitor produced by Pseudomonas sp. No. 2663. Transcriptional analysis revealed a cultivation condition in which a regulatory gene of the cryptic gene cluster is adequately expressed. Consequently, three new compounds, named thailanstatins A (1), B (2), and C (3), were isolated from the fermentation broth of B. thailandensis MSMB43. Thailanstatins are proposed to be biosynthesized by a hybrid polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase pathway. They differ from 4 by lacking an unstable hydroxyl group and by having an extra carboxyl moiety; those differences endow thailanstatins with a significantly greater stability than 4 as tested in phosphate buffer at pH 7.4. In vitro assays showed that thailanstatins inhibit pre-mRNA splicing as potently as 4, with half-maximal inhibitory concentrations in the single to sub-μM range. Cell culture assays indicated that thailanstatins also possess potent antiproliferative activities in representative human cancer cell lines, with half-maximal growth inhibitory concentrations in the single nM range. This work provides new chemical entities for research and development and new structure-activity information for chemical optimization of related spliceosome inhibitors.	1
Title: Gene cluster in Micromonospora echinospora ATCC15835 for the biosynthesis of the gentamicin C complex Abstract: Gentamicin is a 4,6-disubstituted aminocyclitol antibiotic complex synthesised by some members of the actinomycete genus Micromonospora. In a search for the gentamicin biosynthetic gene cluster we identified, using a cosmid library approach, a region of the M. echinospora ATCC15835 chromosome that encodes homologues of aminoglycoside biosynthesis genes including gntB-a close homologue of the 2-deoxy-scyllo-inosose synthase gene (btrC) from butirosin-producing Bacillus circulans. Insertional inactivation was achieved by homologous recombination with an internal gntB fragment-containing suicide plasmid, delivered by conjugal transfer from Escherichia coli. gntB disruptants were gentamicin nonproducing mutants as assayed by an ELISA antibiotic detection system, proving the association of gntB (or a downstream region) with gentamicin biosynthesis. The function of some open reading frames within the cluster, predicted by nucleotide database homology searching, is discussed with regards to their potential roles in gentamicin biosynthesis. The discovery of this genetic region represents the first report of a gene cluster involved in the biosynthesis of a 4,6-disubstituted aminocyclitol antibiotic.	1
Title: A highly efficient microwave-assisted suzuki coupling reaction of aryl perfluorooctylsulfonates with boronic acids Abstract: [reaction: see text] A new strategy to improve the efficiency of Suzuki coupling reactions is introduced by combining fast microwave reaction with easy fluorous separation. Aryl perfluorooctylsulfonates derived from the corresponding phenols are coupled with aryl boronic acids to form biaryls under general microwave conditions. Both intermediates and products are purified by solid-phase extraction over FluoroFlash silica gel. Application of this tagging strategy to multistep synthesis of biaryl-substituted hydantoin is also described.	0
Title: Oxidative phosphorylation and respiratory control phenomenon in Paracoccus denitrificans plasma membrane Abstract: Changes in respiratory activity, transmembrane electric potential, and ATP synthesis as induced by additions of limited amounts of ADP and P(i) to tightly coupled inverted (inside-out) Paracoccus denitrificans plasma membrane vesicles were traced. The pattern of the changes was qualitatively the same as those observed for coupled mitochondria during the classical State 4-State 3-State 4 transition. Bacterial vesicles devoid of energy-dependent permeability barriers for the substrates of oxidation and phosphorylation were used as a simple experimental model to investigate two possible mechanisms of respiratory control: (i) in State 4 phosphoryl transfer potential (ATP/ADP × P(i)) is equilibrated with proton-motive force by reversibly operating F(1)·F(o)-ATPase (thermodynamic control); (ii) in State 4 apparent "equilibrium" is reached by unidirectional operation of proton motive force-activated F(1)·F(o)-ATP synthase. The data support the kinetic mechanism of the respiratory control phenomenon.	0
Title: Rapid Purification of Human Bispecific Antibodies via Selective Modulation of Protein A Binding Abstract: Methods to rapidly generate high quality bispecific antibodies (BsAb) having normal half-lives are critical for therapeutic programs. Here, we identify 3 mutations (T307P, L309Q, and Q311R or "TLQ") in the Fc region of human IgG1 which disrupt interaction with protein A while enhancing interaction with FcRn. The mutations are shown to incrementally alter the pH at which a mAb elutes from protein A affinity resin. A BsAb comprised of a TLQ mutant and a wild-type IgG1 can be efficiently separated from contaminating parental mAbs by differential protein A elution starting from either a) purified parental mAbs, b) in-supernatant crossed parental mAbs, or c) co-transfected mAbs. We show that the Q311R mutation confers enhanced FcRn interaction in vitro, and Abs harboring either the Q311R or TLQ mutations have serum half-lives as long as wild-type human IgG1. The mutant Abs have normal thermal stability and Fcγ receptor interactions. Together, the results lead to a method for high-throughput generation of BsAbs suitable for in vivo studies.	0
Title: Characterization of vaginal microbial communities in adult healthy women using cultivation-independent methods Abstract: The normal microbial flora of the vagina plays an important role in preventing genital and urinary tract infections in women. Thus an accurate understanding of the composition and ecology of the ecosystem is important to understanding the aetiology of these diseases. Common wisdom is that lactobacilli dominate the normal vaginal microflora of post-pubertal women. However, this conclusion is based on methods that require cultivation of microbial populations; an approach that is known to yield a biased and incomplete assessment of microbial community structure. In this study cultivation-independent methods were used to analyse samples collected from the mid-vagina of five normal healthy Caucasian women between the ages of 28 and 44. Total microbial community DNA was isolated following resuspension of microbial cells from vaginal swabs. To identify the constituent numerically dominant populations in each community 16S rRNA gene libraries were prepared following PCR amplification using the 8f and 926r primers. From each library, the DNA sequences of approximately 200 16S rRNA clones were determined and subjected to phylogenetic analyses. The diversity and kinds of organisms that comprise the vaginal microbial community varied among women. Species of Lactobacillus appeared to dominate the communities in four of the five women. However, the community of one woman was dominated by Atopobium sp., whereas a second woman had appreciable numbers of Megasphaera sp., Atopobium sp. and Leptotrichia sp., none of which have previously been shown to be common members of the vaginal ecosystem. Of the women whose communities were dominated by lactobacilli, there were two distinct clusters, each of which consisted of a single species. One class consisted of two women with genetically divergent clones that were related to Lactobacillus crispatus, whereas the second group of two women had clones of Lactobacillus iners that were highly related to a single phylotype. These surprising results suggest that culture-independent methods can provide new insights into the diversity of bacterial species found in the human vagina, and this information could prove to be pivotal in understanding risk factors for various infectious diseases.	0
Title: Direct pathway cloning of the sodorifen biosynthetic gene cluster and recombinant generation of its product in E. coli Abstract: Background:                       Serratia plymuthica WS3236 was selected for whole genome sequencing based on preliminary genetic and chemical screening indicating the presence of multiple natural product pathways. This led to the identification of a putative sodorifen biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC). The natural product sodorifen is a volatile organic compound (VOC) with an unusual polymethylated hydrocarbon bicyclic structure (C16H26) produced by selected strains of S. plymuthica. The BGC encoding sodorifen consists of four genes, two of which (sodA, sodB) are homologs of genes encoding enzymes of the non-mevalonate pathway and are thought to enhance the amounts of available farnesyl pyrophosphate (FPP), the precursor of sodorifen. Proceeding from FPP, only two enzymes are necessary to produce sodorifen: an S-adenosyl methionine dependent methyltransferase (SodC) with additional cyclisation activity and a terpene-cyclase (SodD). Previous analysis of S. plymuthica found sodorifen production titers are generally low and vary significantly among different producer strains. This precludes studies on the still elusive biological function of this structurally and biosynthetically fascinating bacterial terpene.                  Results:                       Sequencing and mining of the S. plymuthica WS3236 genome revealed the presence of 38 BGCs according to antiSMASH analysis, including a putative sodorifen BGC. Further genome mining for sodorifen and sodorifen-like BGCs throughout bacteria was performed using SodC and SodD as queries and identified a total of 28 sod-like gene clusters. Using direct pathway cloning (DiPaC) we intercepted the 4.6 kb candidate sodorifen BGC from S. plymuthica WS3236 (sodA-D) and transformed it into Escherichia coli BL21. Heterologous expression under the control of the tetracycline inducible PtetO promoter firmly linked this BGC to sodorifen production. By utilizing this newly established expression system, we increased the production yields by approximately 26-fold when compared to the native producer. In addition, sodorifen was easily isolated in high purity by simple head-space sampling.                  Conclusions:                       Genome mining of all available genomes within the NCBI and JGI IMG databases led to the identification of a wealth of sod-like pathways which may be responsible for producing a range of structurally unknown sodorifen analogs. Introduction of the S. plymuthica WS3236 sodorifen BGC into the fast-growing heterologous expression host E. coli with a very low VOC background led to a significant increase in both sodorifen product yield and purity compared to the native producer. By providing a reliable, high-level production system, this study sets the stage for future investigations of the biological role and function of sodorifen and for functionally unlocking the bioinformatically identified putative sod-like pathways.	1
Title: Collinone, a new recombinant angular polyketide antibiotic made by an engineered Streptomyces strain Abstract: Large chromosomal DNA fragments containing different parts of the putative rubromycin polyketide synthase gene cluster were cloned and functionally expressed in S. coelicolor CH999. Expression of these clones yielded 5 approximately 10 metabolites that were not detected in S. collinus culture extracts. This paper focusses on one of the new metabolites, termed collinone, that was isolated in large quantities and purified for spectroscopic structure determination and biological screening assays. Collinone is a heavily oxidized angular hexacyclic compound containing an unusual 1,4,5,8(2H,3H)-anthracenetetrone moiety previously only reported to be present in antibiotics SF2446A1, A2, A3, B1 and B2 isolated from Streptomyces sp. SF2446. Structure analysis of collinone indicates a tridecaketide with a 26 carbon backbone. The basic benz[a]naphthacene ring system of collinone is angular, similar to the aglycones of the well-known angucycline and angucyclinone antibiotics. While collinone showed antibacterial activity against vancomycin-resistant enterococci, no antifungal or significant antiviral activities were detected. Collinone could be a good starting point to obtain new bioactive angucyclin(on)e-like compounds by further genetic engineering of its pathway.	1
Title: Mechanistic insight with HBCH2CoA as a probe to polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB) synthases Abstract: Polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB) synthases catalyze the polymerization of 3-(R)-hydroxybutyrate coenzyme A (HBCoA) to produce polyoxoesters of 1-2 MDa. A substrate analogue HBCH2CoA, in which the S in HBCoA is replaced with a CH2 group, was synthesized in 13 steps using a chemoenzymatic approach in a 7.5% overall yield. Kinetic studies reveal it is a competitive inhibitor of a class I and a class III PHB synthases, with Kis of 40 and 14 μM, respectively. To probe the elongation steps of the polymerization, HBCH2CoA was incubated with a synthase acylated with a [(3)H]-saturated trimer-CoA ([(3)H]-sTCoA). The products of the reaction were shown to be the methylene analogue of [(3)H]-sTCoA ([(3)H]-sT-CH2-CoA), saturated dimer-([(3)H]-sD-CO2H), and trimer-acid ([(3)H]-sT-CO2H), distinct from the expected methylene analogue of [(3)H]-saturated tetramer-CoA ([(3)H]-sTet-CH2-CoA). Detection of [(3)H]-sT-CH2-CoA and its slow rate of formation suggest that HBCH2CoA may be reporting on the termination and repriming process of the synthases, rather than elongation.	0
Title: Structure and Biosynthesis of Myxofacyclines: Unique Myxobacterial Polyketides Featuring Varing and Rare Heterocycles[] * Abstract: A metabolome-guided screening approach in the novel myxobacterium Corallococcus sp. MCy9072 resulted in the isolation of the unprecedented natural product myxofacycline A, which features a rare isoxazole substructure. Identification and genomic investigation of additional producers alongside targeted gene inactivation experiments and heterologous expression of the corresponding biosynthetic gene cluster in the host Myxococcus xanthus DK1622 confirmed a noncanonical megaenzyme complex as the biosynthetic origin of myxofacycline A. Induced expression of the respective genes led to significantly increased production titers enabling the identification of six further members of the myxofacycline natural product family. Whereas myxofacyclines A-D display an isoxazole substructure, intriguingly myxofacyclines E and F were found to contain 4-pyrimidinole, a heterocycle unprecedented in natural products. Lastly, myxofacycline G features another rare 1,2-dihydropyrol-3-one moiety. In addition to a full structure elucidation, we report the underlying biosynthetic machinery and present a rationale for the formation of all myxofacyclines. Unexpectedly, an extraordinary polyketide synthase-nonribosomal peptide synthetase hybrid was found to produce all three types of heterocycle in these natural products.	1
Title: Quantification of ERK Kinase Activity in Biological Samples Using Differential Sensing Abstract: The understanding of complex biological systems requires an ability to evaluate interacting networks of genes, proteins, and cellular reactions. Enabling technologies that support the rapid quantification of these networks will facilitate the development of biological models and help to identify treatment targets and to assess treatment plans. The biochemical process of protein phosphorylation, which underlies almost all aspects of cell signaling, is typically evaluated by immunoblotting procedures (Western blot) or more recently proteomics procedures, which provide qualitative estimates of the concentration of proteins and their modifications in cells. However, protein modifications are difficult to correlate with activity, and while immunoblotting and proteomics approaches have the potential to be quantitative, they require a complex series of steps that diminish reproducibility. Here, a complementary approach is presented that allows for the rapid quantification of a protein kinase activity in cell lysates and tumor samples. Using the activity of cellular ERK (extracellular signal-regulated kinase) as a test case, an array sensing approach that utilizes a library of differential peptide-based biosensors and chemometric tools was used to rapidly quantify nanograms of active ERK in micrograms of unfractionated cell lysates and tumor extracts. This approach has the potential both for high-throughput and for quantifying the activities of multiple protein kinases in a single biological sample. The critical advantages of this differential sensing approach over others are that it removes the need for the addition of exogenous inhibitors to suppress the activities of major off-target kinases and allows us to quantitate the amount of active kinase in tested samples rather than measuring the changes in its activity upon induction or inhibition.	0
Title: Application of the prenatal BACs-on-Beads™ assay for rapid prenatal detection of sex chromosome mosaicism Abstract: The prenatal BACs-on-Beads™ (BoBs) assay was introduced for rapid detection of abnormalities of chromosomes 13, 18, 21, X, and Y and specific nine significant microdeletion syndromes. The ability of prenatal BoBs to detect mosaicism ranged from 20 to 40%. However, there have been no prenatal studies of sex chromosome mosaicism in prenatal BoBs. Therefore, the present study was performed with an aim to uncover the detection level of sex chromosome mosaicism that application of prenatal BoBs assay, and then to assess the sensitivity of prenatal BoBs assay, thereby improving the prenatal diagnostic accuracy. A total of 31 samples of amniotic fluid (AF) and umbilical cord blood (UCB) for prenatal diagnosis were collected, and the results were confirmed through karyotyping, single nucleotide polymorphism microarray (SNP-array) and copy number variation sequencing (CNV-seq). 23 cases of sex chromosome mosaicism were prompted abnormal by prenatal BoBs, the minimum detection level of mosaicism was about 6% as detected by karyotype. The overall sensitivity of prenatal BoBs in the detection of sex chromosome mosaicism was 74.2% (23/31). This study evaluated the effectiveness of prenatal BoBs for detecting sex chromosome mosaicism in prenatal diagnosis, and the results will provide valuable information for genetic counseling.	0
Title: Characterization of hepatitis B virus capsids by resistive-pulse sensing Abstract: We report characterization of hepatitis B virus (HBV) capsids by resistive-pulse sensing through single track-etched conical nanopores formed in poly(ethylene terephthalate) membranes. The pores were ∼40 nm in diameter at the tip, and the pore surface was covalently modified with triethylene glycol to reduce surface charge density, minimize adsorption of the virus capsids, and suppress electroosmotic flow in the pore. The HBV capsids were assembled in vitro from Cp149, the assembly domain of HBV capsid protein. Assembled T = 3 (90 Cp149 dimer) and T = 4 (120 dimer) capsids are 31 and 36 nm in diameter, respectively, and were easily discriminated by monitoring the change in current as capsids passed through an electrically biased pore. The ratio of the number of T = 3 to T = 4 capsids transiting a pore did not reflect actual concentrations, but favored transport of smaller T = 3 capsids. These results combined with longer transit times for the T = 4 capsids indicated that the capsids must overcome an entropic barrier to enter a pore.	0
Title: Artificially Linked Ubiquitin Dimers Characterised Structurally and Dynamically by NMR Spectroscopy Abstract: As one of the most prevalent post-translational modifications in eukaryotic cells, ubiquitylation plays vital roles in many cellular processes, such as protein degradation, DNA metabolism, and cell differentiation. Substrate proteins can be tagged by distinct types of polymeric ubiquitin (Ub) chains, which determine the eventual fate of the modified protein. A facile, click chemistry based approach for the efficient generation of linkage-defined Ub chains, including Ub dimers, was recently established. Within these chains, individual Ub moieties are connected through a triazole linkage, rather than the natural isopeptide bond. Herein, it is reported that the conformation of an artificially K48-linked Ub dimer resembles that of the natively linked dimer, with respect to structural and dynamic characteristics, as demonstrated by means of high-resolution NMR spectroscopy. Thus, it is proposed that artificially linked Ub dimers, as generated by this approach, represent potent tools for studying the inherently different properties and functions of distinct Ub chains.	0
Title: Development of a simvastatin selection marker for a hyperthermophilic acidophile, Sulfolobus islandicus Abstract: We report here a novel selectable marker for the hyperthermophilic crenarchaeon Sulfolobus islandicus. The marker cassette is composed of the sac7d promoter and the hmg gene coding for the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase (P(sac7d)-hmg), which confers simvastatin resistance to this crenarchaeon. The basic plasmid vector pSSR was constructed by substituting the pyrEF gene of the expression vector pSeSD for P(sac7d)-hmg with which the Sulfolobus expression plasmids pSSRlacS, pSSRAherA, and pSSRNherA were constructed. Characterization of Sulfolobus transformants carrying pSSRlacS indicated that the plasmid was properly maintained under selection. High-level expression of the His(6)-tagged HerA helicase was obtained with the cells harboring pSSRAherA. The establishment of two efficient selectable markers (pyrEF and hmg) was subsequently exploited for genetic analysis. A herA merodiploid strain of S. islandicus was constructed using pyrEF marker and used as the host to obtain pSSRNherA transformant with simvastatin selection. While the gene knockout (ΔherA) cells generated from the herA merodiploid cells failed to form colonies in the presence of 5-fluoroorotic acid (5-FOA), the mutant cells could be rescued by expression of the gene from a plasmid (pSSRNherA), because their transformants formed colonies on a solid medium containing 5-FOA and simvastatin. This demonstrates that HerA is essential for cell viability of S. islandicus. To our knowledge, this is the first application of an antibiotic selectable marker in genetic study for a hyperthermophilic acidophile and in the crenarchaeal lineage.	0