Abstract2class: Helix-Dependent Spin Filtering through the DNA Duplex Abstract: Recent work suggests that electrons can travel through DNA and other chiral molecules in a spin-selective manner, but little is known about the origin of this spin selectivity. Here we describe experiments on magnetized DNA-modified electrodes to explore spin-selective electron transport through hydrated duplex DNA. Our results show that the two spins migrate through duplex DNA with a different yield and that spin selectivity requires charge transport through the DNA duplex. Significantly, shifting the same duplex DNA between right-handed B- and left-handed Z-forms leads to a diode-like switch in spin selectivity; which spin moves more efficiently through the duplex depends upon the DNA helicity. With DNA, the supramolecular organization of chiral moieties, rather than the chirality of the individual monomers, determines the selectivity in spin, and thus a conformational change can switch the spin selectivity.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of isotopically sensitive branching on product distribution for pentalenene synthase: support for a mechanism predicted by quantum chemistry Abstract: Mechanistic proposals for the carbocation cascade reaction leading to the tricyclic sesquiterpene pentalenene are assessed in light of the results of isotopically sensitive branching experiments with the H309A mutant of pentalenene synthase. These experimental results support a mechanism for pentalenene formation involving a 7-protoilludyl cation whose intermediacy was first predicted using quantum-chemical calculations.	0
Abstract2class: Modular Chemoenzymatic Synthesis of GE81112 B1 and Related Analogues Enables Elucidation of Its Key Pharmacophores Abstract: The GE81112 complex has garnered much interest due to its broad antimicrobial properties and unique ability to inhibit bacterial translation initiation. Herein we report the use of a chemoenzymatic strategy to complete the first total synthesis of GE81112 B1. By pairing iron and α-ketoglutarate dependent hydroxylases found in GE81112 biosynthesis with traditional synthetic methodology, we were able to access the natural product in 11 steps (longest linear sequence). Following this strategy, 10 GE81112 B1 analogues were synthesized, allowing for identification of its key pharmacophores. A key feature of our medicinal chemistry effort is the incorporation of additional biocatalytic hydroxylations in modular analogue synthesis to rapidly enable exploration of relevant chemical space.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering the redox potential over a wide range within a new class of FeS proteins Abstract: MitoNEET is a newly discovered mitochondrial protein and a target of the TZD class of antidiabetes drugs. MitoNEET is homodimeric with each protomer binding a [2Fe-2S] center through a rare 3-Cys and 1-His coordination geometry. Both the fold and the coordination of the [2Fe-2S] centers suggest that it could have novel properties compared to other known [2Fe-2S] proteins. We tested the robustness of mitoNEET to mutation and the range over which the redox potential (E(M)) could be tuned. We found that the protein could tolerate an array of mutations that modified the E(M) of the [2Fe-2S] center over a range of ∼700 mV, which is the largest E(M) range engineered in an FeS protein and, importantly, spans the cellular redox range (+200 to -300 mV). These properties make mitoNEET potentially useful for both physiological studies and industrial applications as a stable, water-soluble, redox agent.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of Axially Chiral 2,2'-Bisphosphobiarenes via a Nickel-Catalyzed Asymmetric Ullmann Coupling: General Access to Privileged Chiral Ligands without Optical Resolution Abstract: We report an asymmetric homocoupling of ortho-(iodo)arylphosphine oxides and ortho-(iodo)arylphosphonates resulting in highly enantioenriched axially chiral bisphosphine oxides and bisphosphonates. These products are readily converted to enantioenriched biaryl bisphosphines without need for chiral auxiliaries or optical resolution. This provides a practical route for the development of previously uninvestigated atroposelective biaryl bisphosphine ligands. The conditions have also proven effective for asymmetric dimerization of other, non-phosphorus-containing aryl halides.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective Decarboxylative Arylation of α-Amino Acids via the Merger of Photoredox and Nickel Catalysis Abstract: An asymmetric decarboxylative Csp(3)-Csp(2) cross-coupling has been achieved via the synergistic merger of photoredox and nickel catalysis. This mild, operationally simple protocol transforms a wide variety of naturally abundant α-amino acids and readily available aryl halides into valuable chiral benzylic amines in high enantiomeric excess, thereby producing motifs found in pharmacologically active agents.	0
Abstract2class: Decarboxylative arylation of α-amino acids via photoredox catalysis: a one-step conversion of biomass to drug pharmacophore Abstract: The direct decarboxylative arylation of α-amino acids has been achieved via visible light-mediated photoredox catalysis. This method offers rapid entry to prevalent benzylic amine architectures from an abundant biomass, specifically α-amino acid precursors. Significant substrate scope is observed with respect to both the amino acid and arene components.	0
Abstract2class: High specificity, electrochemical sandwich assays based on single aptamer sequences and suitable for the direct detection of small-molecule targets in blood and other complex matrices Abstract: We herein demonstrate a sandwich assay based on single aptamer sequences is suitable for the direct detection of small molecule targets in blood serum and other complex matrices. By splitting an aptamer into two pieces, we convert a single affinity reagent into a two-component system in which the presence of the target drives formation of a complex comprised of the target and the two halves of the aptamer. To demonstrate the utility of this approach we have used single anticocaine and anti-ATP aptamers to fabricate electrochemical sensors directed against the representative small molecules cocaine and ATP. Both targets are detected at low micromolar concentrations, in seconds, and in a convenient, general, readily reusable, electrochemical format. Moreover, both sensors are selective enough to deploy directly in blood, crude cellular lysates and other complex sample matrices.	0
Abstract2class: M2@C79N (M = Y, Tb): isolation and characterization of stable endohedral metallofullerenes exhibiting M-M bonding interactions inside aza[80]fullerene cages Abstract: Y2@C79N and Tb2@C79N have been prepared by conducting the Kratschmer-Huffman electric-arc process under 20 Torr of N2 and 280 Torr of He with metal oxide-doped graphite rods. These new heterofullerenes were separated from the resulting mixture of empty cage fullerenes and endohedral fullerenes by chemical separation and a two-stage chromatographic process. Crystallographic data for Tb2@C79N x Ni(OEP) x 2 C6H6 demonstrate the presence of an 80-atom cage with idealized I(h) symmetry and two, widely separated Tb atoms inside with a Tb-Tb separation of 3.9020(10) A for the major terbium sites. The EPR spectrum of the odd-electron Y2@C79N indicates that the spin density largely resides on the two equivalent yttrium ions. Computational studies on Y2@C79N suggest that the nitrogen atom resides at a 665 ring junction in the equator on the fullerene cage and that the unpaired electron is localized in a bonding orbital between the two yttrium ions of this stable radical. Thus, the Tb-Tb bond length of the single-electron bond is an exceedingly long metal-metal bond.	0
Abstract2class: Practical Synthesis of Amides via Copper/ABNO-Catalyzed Aerobic Oxidative Coupling of Alcohols and Amines Abstract: A modular Cu/ABNO catalyst system has been identified that enables efficient aerobic oxidative coupling of alcohols and amines to amides. All four permutations of benzylic/aliphatic alcohols and primary/secondary amines are viable in this reaction, enabling broad access to secondary and tertiary amides. The reactions exhibit excellent functional group compatibility and are complete within 30 min-3 h at rt. All components of the catalyst system are commercially available.	0
Abstract2class: Nickel-catalyzed carbon-carbon bond-forming reactions of unactivated tertiary alkyl halides: Suzuki arylations Abstract: The first Suzuki cross-couplings of unactivated tertiary alkyl electrophiles are described. The method employs a readily accessible catalyst (NiBr(2)·diglyme/4,4'-di-tert-butyl-2,2'-bipyridine, both commercially available) and represents the initial example of the use of a group 10 catalyst to cross-couple unactivated tertiary electrophiles to form C-C bonds. This approach to the synthesis of all-carbon quaternary carbon centers does not suffer from isomerization of the alkyl group, in contrast with the umpolung strategy for this bond construction (cross-coupling of a tertiary alkylmetal with an aryl electrophile). Preliminary mechanistic studies are consistent with the generation of a radical intermediate along the reaction pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic asymmetric γ-alkylation of carbonyl compounds via stereoconvergent Suzuki cross-couplings Abstract: With the aid of a chiral nickel catalyst, enantioselective γ- (and δ-) alkylations of carbonyl compounds can be achieved through the coupling of γ-haloamides with alkylboranes. In addition to primary alkyl nucleophiles, for the first time for an asymmetric cross-coupling of an unactivated alkyl electrophile, an arylmetal, a boronate ester, and a secondary (cyclopropyl) alkylmetal compound are shown to couple with significant enantioselectivity. A mechanistic study indicates that cleavage of the carbon-halogen bond of the electrophile is irreversible under the conditions for asymmetric carbon-carbon bond formation.	0
Abstract2class: Taming the Complexity of Donor-Acceptor Stenhouse Adducts: Infrared Motion Pictures of the Complete Switching Pathway Abstract: Switches that can be actively steered by external stimuli along multiple pathways at the molecular level are the basis for next-generation responsive material systems. The operation of commonly employed molecular photoswitches revolves around one key structural coordinate. Photoswitches with functionalities that depend on and can be addressed along multiple coordinates would offer novel means to tailor and control their behavior and performance. The recently developed donor-acceptor Stenhouse adducts (DASAs) are versatile switches suitable for such applications. Their photochemistry is well understood, but is only responsible for part of their overall photoswitching mechanism. The remaining thermal switching pathways are to date unknown. Here, rapid-scan infrared absorption spectroscopy is used to obtain transient fingerprints of reactions occurring on the ground state potential energy surface after reaching structures generated through light absorption. The spectroscopic data are interpreted in terms of structural transformations using kinetic modeling and quantum chemical calculations. Through this combined experimental-theoretical approach, we are able to unravel the complexity of the multidimensional ground-state potential energy surface explored by the photoswitch and use this knowledge to predict, and subsequently confirm, how DASA switches can be guided along this potential energy surface. These results break new ground for developing user-geared DASA switches but also shed light on the development of novel photoswitches in general.	0
Abstract2class: Competitive activity-based protein profiling identifies aza-β-lactams as a versatile chemotype for serine hydrolase inhibition Abstract: Serine hydrolases are one of the largest and most diverse enzyme classes in Nature. Most serine hydrolases lack selective inhibitors, which are valuable probes for assigning functions to these enzymes. We recently discovered a set of aza-β-lactams (ABLs) that act as potent and selective inhibitors of the mammalian serine hydrolase protein-phosphatase methylesterase-1 (PME-1). The ABLs inactivate PME-1 by covalent acylation of the enzyme's serine nucleophile, suggesting that they could offer a general scaffold for serine hydrolase inhibitor discovery. Here, we have tested this hypothesis by screening ABLs more broadly against cell and tissue proteomes by competitive activity-based protein profiling (ABPP), leading to the discovery of lead inhibitors for several serine hydrolases, including the uncharacterized enzyme α,β-hydrolase domain-containing 10 (ABHD10). ABPP-guided medicinal chemistry yielded a compound ABL303 that potently (IC(50) ≈ 30 nM) and selectively inactivated ABHD10 in vitro and in living cells. A comparison of optimized inhibitors for PME-1 and ABHD10 indicates that modest structural changes that alter steric bulk can tailor the ABL to selectively react with distinct, distantly related serine hydrolases. Our findings, taken together, designate the ABL as a versatile reactive group for creating first-in-class serine hydrolase inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism of amido-thiourea catalyzed enantioselective imine hydrocyanation: transition state stabilization via multiple non-covalent interactions Abstract: An experimental and computational investigation of amido-thiourea promoted imine hydrocyanation has revealed a new and unexpected mechanism of catalysis. Rather than direct activation of the imine by the thiourea, as had been proposed previously in related systems, the data are consistent with a mechanism involving catalyst-promoted proton transfer from hydrogen isocyanide to imine to generate diastereomeric iminium/cyanide ion pairs that are bound to catalyst through multiple noncovalent interactions; these ion pairs collapse to form the enantiomeric alpha-aminonitrile products. This mechanistic proposal is supported by the observation of a statistically significant correlation between experimental and calculated enantioselectivities induced by eight different catalysts (P << 0.01). The computed models reveal a basis for enantioselectivity that involves multiple stabilizing and destabilizing interactions between substrate and catalyst, including thiourea-cyanide and amide-iminium interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Sterics and Hydrogen Bonding Control Stereochemistry and Self-Sorting in BINOL-Based Assemblies Abstract: Here we demonstrate how the hydrogen-bonding ability of a BINOL-based dialdehyde subcomponent dictated the stereochemical outcome of its subsequent self-assembly into one diastereomeric helicate form when bearing free hydroxy groups, and another in the case of its methylated congener. The presence of methyl groups also altered the self-sorting behavior when mixed with another, short linear dialdehyde subcomponent, switching the outcome of the system from narcissistic to integrative self-sorting. In all cases, the axial chirality of the BINOL building block also dictated helicate metal center handedness during stereospecific self-assembly. A new family of stereochemically pure heteroleptic helicates were thus prepared using the new knowledge gained. We also found that switching from FeII to ZnII, or the incorporation of a longer linear ligand, favored heteroleptic structure formation.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanisms and Dynamics of Synthetic and Biosynthetic Formation of Delitschiapyrones: Solvent Control of Ambimodal Periselectivity Abstract: The mechanism and dynamics for the formation of the delitschiapyrone family of natural products are studied by density functional theory (DFT) calculations and quasiclassical molecular dynamics simulations with DFT and xTB. In the uncatalyzed reaction, delitschiapyrones A and B are formed by Diels-Alder reactions through a single transition state and a post-transition state bifurcation that favors formation of delitschiapyrone B. In water and most likely in the enzyme, the acidic hydroxyquinone ionizes, and the resulting conjugate base undergoes cycloaddition preferentially to delitschiapyrone A. We demonstrate a new type of biosynthetic transformation and variable selectivity from a (4 + 2)/(4 + 3) ambimodal transition state.	0
Abstract2class: Computational Investigation of the Mechanism of Diels-Alderase PyrI4 Abstract: We studied the mechanisms of activation and stereoselectivity of a monofunctional Diels-Alderase (PyrI4)-catalyzed intramolecular Diels-Alder reaction that leads to formation of the key spiro-tetramate moiety in the biosynthesis of the pyrroindomycin family of natural products. Key activation effects of PyrI4 include acid catalysis and an induced-fit mechanism that cooperate with the unique "lid" feature of PyrI4 to stabilize the Diels-Alder transition state. PyrI4 enhances the intrinsic Diels-Alder stereoselectivity of the substrate and leads to stereospecific formation of the product.	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of (-)-Nodulisporic Acids D, C, and B: Evolution of a Unified Synthetic Strategy Abstract: A unified synthetic strategy leading to the total synthesis of (-)-nodulisporic acids D, C, and B is described. Key synthetic transformations include a nickel-chromium-mediated cyclization, an aromatic ring functionalization employing a novel copper-promoted alkylation, a palladium-catalyzed cross-coupling cascade/indole ring construction, and a palladium-mediated regio- and diastereoselective allylic substitution/cyclization reaction, the latter to construct ring D.	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of (-)-Nodulisporic Acid D Abstract: A convergent total synthesis of the architecturally complex indole diterpenoid (-)-nodulisporic acid D has been achieved. Key synthetic transformations include vicinal difunctionalization of an advanced α,β-unsaturated aldehyde to form the E,F-trans-fused 5,6-ring system of the eastern hemisphere and a cascade cross-coupling/indolization protocol leading to the CDE multisubstituted indole core.	0
Abstract2class: Experimental and Computational Analysis of Protein Stabilization by Gly-to-d-Ala Substitution: A Convolution of Native State and Unfolded State Effects Abstract: The rational and predictable enhancement of protein stability is an important goal in protein design. Most efforts target the folded state, however stability is the free energy difference between the folded and unfolded states thus both are suitable targets. Strategies directed at the unfolded state usually seek to decrease chain entropy by introducing cross-links or by replacing glycines. Cross-linking has led to mixed results. Replacement of glycine with an l-amino acid, while reducing the entropy of the unfolded state, can introduce unfavorable steric interactions in the folded state, since glycine is often found in conformations that require a positive φ angle such as helical C-capping motifs or type I' and II″ β-turns. l-Amino acids are strongly disfavored in these conformations, but d-amino acids are not. However, there are few reported examples and conflicting results have been obtained when glycines are replaced with d-Ala. We critically examine the effect of Gly-to-d-Ala substitutions on protein stability using experimental approaches together with molecular dynamics simulations and free energy calculations. The data, together with a survey of high resolution structures, show that the vast majority of proteins can be stabilized by substitution of C-capping glycines with d-Ala. Sites suitable for substitutions can be identified via sequence alignment with a high degree of success. Steric clashes in the native state due to the new side chain are rarely observed, but are likely responsible for the destabilizing or null effect observed for the small subset of Gly-to-d-Ala substitutions which are not stabilizing. Changes in backbone solvation play less of a role. Favorable candidates for d-Ala substitution can be identified using a rapid algorithm based on molecular mechanics.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoenzymatic synthesis and Fcγ receptor binding of homogeneous glycoforms of antibody Fc domain. Presence of a bisecting sugar moiety enhances the affinity of Fc to FcγIIIa receptor Abstract: Structurally well-defined IgG-Fc glycoforms are highly demanded for understanding the effects of glycosylation on an antibody's effector functions. We report in this paper chemoenzymatic synthesis and Fcγ receptor binding of an array of homogeneous IgG-Fc glycoforms. The chemoenzymatic approach consists of the chemical synthesis of defined N-glycan oxazolines as donor substrates, the expression of the Fc domain in a CHO cell line in the presence of an α-mannosidase inhibitor kifunensine, and an endoglycosidase-catalyzed glycosylation of the deglycosylated Fc domain (GlcNAc-Fc homodimer) with the synthetic glycan oxazolines. The enzyme from Arthrobacter protophormiae (Endo-A) was found to be remarkably efficient to take various modified N-glycan core oxazolines, including the bisecting sugar-containing derivatives, for Fc glycosylation remodeling, resulting in the formation of the corresponding homogeneous Fc glycoforms. Nevertheless, neither Endo-A nor the Mucor hiemalis endoglycosidase mutants (EndoM-N175A and EndoM-N175Q) were able to transfer full-length complex-type N-glycan to the Fc domain, implicating the limitations of these two enzymes in Fc glycosylation remodeling. Surface plasmon resonance (SPR) binding studies with the synthetic IgG-Fc glycoforms unambiguously proved that the presence of a bisecting GlcNAc moiety could significantly enhance the binding of Fc to FcγRIIIa, the activating Fcγ receptor, independent of Fc core-fucosylation. Interestingly, the Fc glycoforms carrying an unusual bisecting sugar moiety such as a mannose or a LacNAc moiety also demonstrated enhanced affinity to FcγRIIIa. On the orther hand, the presence of a bisecting GlcNAc or core-fucosylation had little effect on the affinity of Fc to the inhibitory Fcγ receptor, FcγRIIb. Our experimental data also showed that the α-linked mannose residues in the pentasaccharide Man3GlcNAc2 core was essential to maintain a high affinity of Fc to both FcγRIIIa and FcγRIIb. The synthetic homogeneous Fc glycoforms thus provide a useful tool for elucidating how a fine Fc N-glycan structure precisely affects the function of the Fc domain.	0
Abstract2class: Enhanced Ammonia Oxidation Catalysis by a Low-Spin Iron Complex Featuring Cis Coordination Sites Abstract: The goal of using ammonia as a solar fuel motivates the development of selective ammonia oxidation (AO) catalysts for fuel cell applications. Herein, we describe Fe-mediated AO electrocatalysis with [(bpyPy2Me)Fe(MeCN)2]2+, exhibiting the highest turnover number (TON) reported to date for a molecular system. To improve on our recent report of a related iron AO electrocatalyst, [(TPA)Fe(MeCN)2]2+ (TON of 16), the present [(bpyPy2Me)Fe(MeCN)2]2+ system (TON of 149) features a stronger-field, more rigid auxiliary ligand that maintains cis-labile sites and a dominant low-spin population at the Fe(II) state. The latter is posited to mitigate demetalation and hence catalyst degradation by the presence of a large excess of ammonia under the catalytic conditions. Additionally, the [(bpyPy2Me)Fe(MeCN)2]2+ system exhibits a substantially faster AO rate (ca. 50×) at significantly lower (∼250 mV) applied bias compared to [(TPA)Fe(MeCN)2]2+. Electrochemical data are consistent with an initial E1 net H-atom abstraction step that furnishes the cis amide/ammine complex [(bpyPy2Me)Fe(NH2)(NH3)]2+, followed by the onset of catalysis at E2. Theoretical calculations suggest the possibility of N-N bond formation via multiple thermodynamically plausible pathways, including both reductive elimination and ammonia nucleophilic attack. In sum, this study underscores that Fe, an earth-abundant metal, is a promising metal for further development in metal-mediated AO catalysis by molecular systems.	0
Abstract2class: A molecular platinum cluster junction: a single-molecule switch Abstract: We present a theoretical study of electron transport through single-molecule junctions incorporating a Pt(6) metal cluster bound within an organic framework. The insertion of this molecule between a pair of electrodes leads to a fully atomically engineered nanometallic device with high conductance at the Fermi level and two sequential high on/off switching states. The origin of this property can be traced back to the existence of a degenerate HOMO consisting of two asymmetric orbitals with energies close to the Fermi level of the metal leads. The degeneracy is broken when the molecule is contacted to the leads, giving rise to two resonances that become pinned to the Fermi level and display destructive interference.	0
Abstract2class: Self-assembling small molecules form nanofibrils that bind procaspase-3 to promote activation Abstract: Modulating enzyme function with small-molecule activators, as opposed to inhibitors, offers new opportunities for drug discovery and allosteric regulation. We previously identified a compound, called 1541, from a high-throughput screen (HTS) that stimulates activation of a proenzyme, procaspase-3, to generate mature caspase-3. Here we further investigate the mechanism of activation and report the surprising finding that 1541 self-assembles into nanofibrils exceeding 1 μm in length. These particles are an unanticipated outcome from an HTS that have properties distinct from standard globular protein aggregators. Moreover, 1541 nanofibrils function as a unique biocatalytic material that activates procaspase-3 via induced proximity. These studies demonstrate a novel approach for proenzyme activation through binding to fibrils, which may mimic how procaspases are naturally processed on protein scaffolds.	0
Abstract2class: Modulation of the ligand-field anisotropy in a series of ferric low-spin cytochrome c mutants derived from Pseudomonas aeruginosa cytochrome c-551 and Nitrosomonas europaea cytochrome c-552: a nuclear magnetic resonance and electron paramagnetic resonance study Abstract: Cytochromes of the c type with histidine-methionine (His-Met) heme axial ligation play important roles in electron-transfer reactions and in enzymes. In this work, two series of cytochrome c mutants derived from Pseudomonas aeruginosa (Pa c-551) and from the ammonia-oxidizing bacterium Nitrosomonas europaea (Ne c-552) were engineered and overexpressed. In these proteins, point mutations were induced in a key residue (Asn64) near the Met axial ligand; these mutations have a considerable impact both on heme ligand-field strength and on the Met orientation and dynamics (fluxionality), as judged by low-temperature electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectra. Ne c-552 has a ferric low-spin (S = 1/2) EPR signal characterized by large g anisotropy with g(max) resonance at 3.34; a similar large g(max) value EPR signal is found in the mitochondrial complex III cytochrome c1. In Ne c-552, deletion of Asn64 (NeN64Delta) changes the heme ligand field from more axial to rhombic (small g anisotropy and g(max) at 3.13) and furthermore hinders the Met fluxionality present in the wild-type protein. In Pa c-551 (g(max) at 3.20), replacement of Asn64 with valine (PaN64V) induces a decrease in the axial strain (g(max) at 3.05) and changes the Met configuration. Another set of mutants prepared by insertion (ins) and/or deletion (Delta) of a valine residue adjacent to Asn64, resulting in modifications in the length of the axial Met-donating loop (NeV65Delta, NeG50N/V65Delta, PaN50G/V65ins), did not result in appreciable alterations of the originally weak (Ne c-552) or very weak (Pa c-551) axial field but had an impact on Met orientation, fluxionality, and relaxation dynamics. Comparison of the electronic fingerprints in the overexpressed proteins and their mutants reveals a linear relationship between axial strain and average paramagnetic heme methyl shifts, irrespective of Met orientation or dynamics. Thus, for these His-Met axially coordinated Fe(III), the large g(max) value EPR signal does not represent a special case as is observed for bis-His axially coordinated Fe(III) with the two His planes perpendicular to each other.	0
Abstract2class: Ipomoeassin F Binds Sec61α to Inhibit Protein Translocation Abstract: Ipomoeassin F is a potent natural cytotoxin that inhibits growth of many tumor cell lines with single-digit nanomolar potency. However, its biological and pharmacological properties have remained largely unexplored. Building upon our earlier achievements in total synthesis and medicinal chemistry, we used chemical proteomics to identify Sec61α (protein transport protein Sec61 subunit alpha isoform 1), the pore-forming subunit of the Sec61 protein translocon, as a direct binding partner of ipomoeassin F in living cells. The interaction is specific and strong enough to survive lysis conditions, enabling a biotin analogue of ipomoeassin F to pull down Sec61α from live cells, yet it is also reversible, as judged by several experiments including fluorescent streptavidin staining, delayed competition in affinity pulldown, and inhibition of TNF biogenesis after washout. Sec61α forms the central subunit of the ER protein translocation complex, and the binding of ipomoeassin F results in a substantial, yet selective, inhibition of protein translocation in vitro and a broad ranging inhibition of protein secretion in live cells. Lastly, the unique resistance profile demonstrated by specific amino acid single-point mutations in Sec61α provides compelling evidence that Sec61α is the primary molecular target of ipomoeassin F and strongly suggests that the binding of this natural product to Sec61α is distinctive. Therefore, ipomoeassin F represents the first plant-derived, carbohydrate-based member of a novel structural class that offers new opportunities to explore Sec61α function and to further investigate its potential as a therapeutic target for drug discovery.	0
Abstract2class: Lasso Peptide Benenodin-1 Is a Thermally Actuated [1]Rotaxane Switch Abstract: Mechanically interlocked molecules that change their conformation in response to stimuli have been developed by synthetic chemists as building blocks for molecular machines. Here we describe a natural product, the lasso peptide benenodin-1, which exhibits conformational switching between two distinct threaded conformers upon actuation by heat. We have determined the structures of both conformers and have characterized the kinetics and energetics of the conformational switch. Single amino acid substitutions to benenodin-1 generate peptides that are biased to a single conformer, showing that the switching behavior is potentially an evolvable trait in these peptides. Lasso peptides such as benenodin-1 can be recognized and cleaved by enzymes called lasso peptide isopeptidases. We show that only the native conformer of benenodin-1 is cleaved by its cognate isopeptidase. Thus, thermally induced conformational switching of benenodin-1 may also be relevant to the biological function of these molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Heparan Sulfate Microarray Reveals That Heparan Sulfate-Protein Binding Exhibits Different Ligand Requirements Abstract: Heparan sulfates (HS) are linear sulfated polysaccharides that modulate a wide range of physiological and disease-processes. Variations in HS epimerization and sulfation provide enormous structural diversity, which is believed to underpin protein binding and regulatory properties. The ligand requirements of HS-binding proteins have, however, been defined in only a few cases. We describe here a synthetic methodology that can rapidly provide a library of well-defined HS oligosaccharides. It is based on the use of modular disaccharides to assemble several selectively protected tetrasaccharides that were subjected to selective chemical modifications such as regioselective O- and N-sulfation and selective de-sulfation. A number of the resulting compounds were subjected to enzymatic modifications by 3-O-sulfotransferases-1 (3-OST1) to provide 3-O-sulfated derivatives. The various approaches for diversification allowed one tetrasaccharide to be converted into 12 differently sulfated derivatives. By employing tetrasaccharides with different backbone compositions, a library of 47 HS-oligosaccharides was prepared and the resulting compounds were used to construct a HS microarray. The ligand requirements of a number of HS-binding proteins including fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF-2), and the chemokines CCL2, CCL5, CCL7, CCL13, CXCL8, and CXCL10 were examined using the array. Although all proteins recognized multiple compounds, they exhibited clear differences in structure-binding characteristics. The HS microarray data guided the selection of compounds that could interfere in biological processes such as cell proliferation. Although the library does not cover the entire chemical space of HS-tetrasaccharides, the binding data support a notion that changes in cell surface HS composition can modulate protein function.	0
Abstract2class: Integrated Approach to Identify Heparan Sulfate Ligand Requirements of Robo1 Abstract: An integrated methodology is described to establish ligand requirements for heparan sulfate (HS) binding proteins based on a workflow in which HS octasaccharides are produced by partial enzymatic degradation of natural HS followed by size exclusion purification, affinity enrichment using an immobilized HS-binding protein of interest, putative structure determination of isolated compounds by a hydrophilic interaction chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry platform, and chemical synthesis of well-defined HS oligosaccharides for structure-activity relationship studies. The methodology was used to establish the ligand requirements of human Roundabout receptor 1 (Robo1), which is involved in a number of developmental processes. Mass spectrometric analysis of the starting octasaccharide mixture and the Robo1-bound fraction indicated that Robo1 has a preference for a specific set of structures. Further analysis was performed by sequential permethylation, desulfation, and pertrideuteroacetylation followed by online separation and structural analysis by MS/MS. Sequences of tetrasaccharides could be deduced from the data, and by combining the compositional and sequence data, a putative octasaccharide ligand could be proposed (GlA-GlcNS6S-IdoA-GlcNS-IdoA2S-GlcNS6S-IdoA-GlcNAc6S). A modular synthetic approach was employed to prepare the target compound, and binding studies by surface plasmon resonance (SPR) confirmed it to be a high affinity ligand for Robo1. Further studies with a number of tetrasaccharides confirmed that sulfate esters at C-6 are critical for binding, whereas such functionalities at C-2 substantially reduce binding. High affinity ligands were able to reverse a reduction in endothelial cell migration induced by Slit2-Robo1 signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Studies of aluminum reinsertion into borosilicate zeolites with intersecting channels of 10- and 12-ring channel systems Abstract: The work here describes the kinetic analyses of aluminum replacement for boron in a suite of borosilicate molecular sieves. While the method has been described before as a means of converting synthesized borosilicates (with weak inherent acidity) to aluminosilicates (with much stronger acid strength) when there are large pores in the structure, here we carry out the transformation under less than optimal replacement concentrations, in order to better follow the kinetics. We examined several zeolite structures with boundary conditions of boron MEL where there are only 10-ring (or intermediate) pore structures and no Al is taken up, to multidimensional large pore zeolites, like boron beta, where Al substitution can occur everywhere. We also studied materials with both intermediate and large pores, SSZ-56, 57, 70, and 82. In the case of 57 up to 90% of the structure is made up of boron MEL. We observe that the pH drop is proportional to the Al reinsertion and is the same for all zeolites we studied. In one case, we compared a zeolite (SSZ-24) with boron and then no boron sites and found that Al does not go into defect sites. It was again confirmed (shown in earlier work) that Al will go into nest sites created by boron hydrolysis out of the substrate before Al treatment. Along those lines we also made two new observations: (1) the profile for Al uptake, as followed by pH drop, is the same kinetically, whether the boron is there or not; and (2) NMR showed that the boron is leaving the structure faster than Al can go back in (SSZ-33 study), even when we treat a material with boron in the lattice.	0
Abstract2class: Protein phosphorylation and intermolecular electron transfer: a joint experimental and computational study of a hormone biosynthesis pathway Abstract: Protein phosphorylation is a common regulator of enzyme activity. Chemical modification of a protein surface, including phosphorylation, could alter the function of biological electron-transfer reactions. However, the sensitivity of intermolecular electron-transfer kinetics to post-translational protein modifications has not been widely investigated. We have therefore combined experimental and computational studies to assess the potential role of phosphorylation in electron-transfer reactions. We investigated the steroid hydroxylating system from bovine adrenal glands, which consists of adrenodoxin (Adx), adrenodoxin reductase (AdR), and a cytochrome P450, CYP11A1. We focused on the phosphorylation of Adx at Thr-71, since this residue is located in the acidic interaction domain of Adx, and a recent study has demonstrated that this residue is phosphorylated by casein kinase 2 (CK2) in vitro.1 Optical biosensor experiments indicate that the presence of this phosphorylation slightly increases the binding affinity of oxidized Adx with CYP11A1ox but not AdRox. This tendency was confirmed by KA values extracted from Adx concentration-dependent stopped-flow experiments that characterize the interaction between AdRred and Adxox or between Adxred and CYP11A1ox. In addition, acceleration of the electron-transfer kinetics measured with stopped-flow is seen only for the phosphorylated Adx-CYP11A1 reaction. Biphasic reaction kinetics are observed only when Adx is phosphorylated at Thr-71, and the Brownian dynamics (BD) simulations suggest that this phosphorylation may enhance the formation of a secondary Adx-CYP11A1 binding complex that provides an additional electron-transfer pathway with enhanced coupling.	0
Abstract2class: Modulating Enzyme Catalysis through Mutations Designed to Alter Rapid Protein Dynamics Abstract: The relevance of sub-picosecond protein motions to the catalytic event remains a topic of debate. Heavy enzymes (isotopically substituted) provide an experimental tool for bond-vibrational links to enzyme catalysis. A recent transition path sampling study with heavy purine nucleoside phosphorylase (PNP) characterized the experimentally observed mass-dependent slowing of barrier crossing (Antoniou, D.; Ge, X.; Schramm, V. L.; Schwartz, S. D. J. Phys. Chem. Lett. 2012, 3, 3538). Here we computationally identify second-sphere amino acid residues predicted to influence the freedom of the catalytic site vibrational modes linked to heavy enzyme effects in PNP. We mutated heavy and light PNPs to increase the catalytic site vibrational freedom. Enzymatic barrier-crossing rates were converted from mass-dependent to mass-independent as a result of the mutations. The mutagenic uncoupling of femtosecond motions between catalytic site groups and reactants decreased transition state barrier crossing by 2 orders of magnitude, an indication of the femtosecond dynamic contributions to catalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Gold(I)-catalyzed dearomative Rautenstrauch rearrangement: enantioselective access to cyclopenta[b]indoles Abstract: A highly enantioselective dearomative Rautenstrauch rearrangement catalyzed by cationic (S)-DTBM-Segphosgold(I) is reported. This reaction provides a straightforward method to prepare enantioenriched cyclopenta[b]indoles. These studies show vast difference in enantioselectivity in the reactions of propargyl acetates and propargyl acetals in the chiral ligand-controlled Rautenstrauch reaction.	0
Abstract2class: An in situ directing group strategy for chiral anion phase-transfer fluorination of allylic alcohols Abstract: An enantioselective fluorination of allylic alcohols under chiral anion phase-transfer conditions is reported. The in situ generation of a directing group proved crucial for achieving effective enantiocontrol. In the presence of such a directing group, a range of acyclic substrates underwent fluorination to afford highly enantioenriched α-fluoro homoallylic alcohols. Mechanistic studies suggest that this transformation proceeds through a concerted enantiodetermining transition state involving both C-F bond formation and C-H bond cleavage.	0
Abstract2class: Gold(I)-catalyzed enantioselective carboalkoxylation of alkynes Abstract: A highly enantioselective carboalkoxylation of alkynes catalyzed by cationic (DTBM-MeO-Biphep)gold(I) complexes is reported. Various optically active β-alkoxyindanone derivatives were obtained in good yields with high enantioselectivities. Furthermore, this methodology was extended to the enantioselective synthesis of 3-methoxycyclopentenones. The reaction is proposed to proceed through an enantioselective cyclization of intermediates containing vinylgold(I) and prochiral oxocarbenium moieties.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthesis of lycosantalonol, a cis-prenyl derived diterpenoid Abstract: Terpenoid natural products are generally derived from isoprenyl diphosphate precursors with trans double-bond configuration, and no diterpenoid derived from the cisoid precursor (Z,Z,Z)-nerylneryl diphosphate (1) has yet been identified. Here further investigation of a terpenoid biosynthetic gene cluster from tomato is reported, which resulted in identification of a biosynthetic pathway from 1, in a pathway featuring a number of interesting transformations. Compound 1 is first cyclized to a tricyclene core ring structure analogous to that found in α-santalene, with the resulting diterpene termed here lycosantalene (2). Quantum chemical calculations indicate a role for the diphosphate anion coproduct in this cyclization reaction. Subsequently, the internal cis double bond of the neryl side chain in 2 is then further transformed to an α-hydroxy ketone moiety via an epoxide intermediate (3). Oxygen labeling studies indicate 3 undergoes oxidative conversion to lycosantalonol (4). Thus, in addition to elucidating the cisoid origins of 4, this work has further provided mechanistic insight into the interesting transformations required for its production.	0
Abstract2class: Protein folding, protein collapse, and tanford's transfer model: lessons from single-molecule FRET Abstract: The essential and nontrivial role of the denatured state of proteins in their folding reaction is being increasingly scrutinized in recent years. Single molecule FRET (smFRET) experiments show that the denatured state undergoes a continuous collapse (or coil-to-globule) transition as the concentration of a chemical denaturant is decreased, suggesting that conformational entropy of the denatured state is an important part of the free energy of folding. Such observations question the validity of the classical Tanford transfer model, which suggests that the folding free energy can be understood solely based on the difference in amino acid solvation between the folded state and a fixed unfolded state. An alternative to the transfer model is obtained here from a polymer theoretical analysis of a series of published smFRET data. The analysis shows that the free energy of denatured-state collapse has a linear dependence on denaturant concentration, an outcome of the interplay between enthalpic and entropic contributions. Surprisingly, the slope of the free energy of collapse agrees very well with the respective slope of the free energy of folding. This conformity of values obtained from two very different measurements shows that it is the collapse transition in the denatured state which mediates the effect of denaturants on folding. The energetics of folding are thus governed by the competition of solvation and conformational entropy in the denatured state.	0
Abstract2class: Structure of the nucleotide radical formed during reaction of CDP/TTP with the E441Q-alpha2beta2 of E. coli ribonucleotide reductase Abstract: The Escherichia coli ribonucleotide reductase (RNR) catalyzes the conversion of nucleoside diphosphates to deoxynucleotides and requires a diferric-tyrosyl radical cofactor for catalysis. RNR is composed of a 1:1 complex of two homodimeric subunits: alpha and beta. Incubation of the E441Q-alpha mutant RNR with substrate CDP and allosteric effector TTP results in loss of the tyrosyl radical and formation of two new radicals on the 200 ms to min time scale. The first radical was previously established by stopped flow UV/vis spectroscopy and pulsed high field EPR spectroscopy to be a disulfide radical anion. The second radical was proposed to be a 4'-radical of a 3'-keto-2'-deoxycytidine 5'-diphosphate. To identify the structure of the nucleotide radical [1'-(2)H], [2'-(2)H], [4'-(2)H], [5'-(2)H], [U-(13)C, (15)N], [U-(15)N], and [5,6 -(2)H] CDP and [beta-(2)H] cysteine-alpha were synthesized and incubated with E441Q-alpha2beta2 and TTP. The nucleotide radical was examined by 9 GHz and 140 GHz pulsed EPR spectroscopy and 35 GHz ENDOR spectroscopy. Substitution of (2)H at C4' and C1' altered the observed hyperfine interactions of the nucleotide radical and established that the observed structure was not that predicted. DFT calculations (B3LYP/IGLO-III/B3LYP/TZVP) were carried out in an effort to recapitulate the spectroscopic observations and lead to a new structure consistent with all of the experimental data. The results indicate, unexpectedly, that the radical is a semidione nucleotide radical of cytidine 5'-diphosphate. The relationship of this radical to the disulfide radical anion is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Dynamics of ligand binding from 13C NMR relaxation dispersion at natural abundance Abstract: We show that Carr-Purcell-Meiboom-Gill (CPMG) 13Calpha NMR relaxation dispersion measurements are a viable means for profiling mus-ms ligand dynamics involved in receptor binding. Critically, the dispersion is at natural 13C abundance; this matches typical pharmaceutical research settings in which ligand isotope-labeling is often impractical. The dispersion reveals ligand 13Calpha nuclei that experience mus-ms modulation of their chemical shifts due to binding. 13Calpha shifts are dominated by local torsion angles , psi, chi1; hence, these experiments identify flexible torsion angles that may assist complex formation. Since the experiments detect the ligand, they are viable even in the absence of a receptor structure. The mus-ms dynamic information gained helps establish flexibility-activity relationships. We apply these experiments to study the binding of a phospho-peptide substrate ligand to the peptidyl-prolyl isomerase Pin1.	0
Abstract2class: Size series of small indium arsenide-zinc selenide core-shell nanocrystals and their application to in vivo imaging Abstract: We have developed a size series of unusually small, water-soluble (InAs)ZnSe (core)shell quantum dots (QDs) that emit in the near-infrared and exhibit new behavior in vivo, including multiple sequential lymph node mapping and extravasation from the vasculature. The biological utility of these fluorescent probes resulted from our intentional choice to match the semiconductor material and water-soluble ligand with a desired final hydrodynamic diameter and emission wavelength.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleation of NaCl from Aqueous Solution: Critical Sizes, Ion-Attachment Kinetics, and Rates Abstract: Nucleation and crystal growth are important in material synthesis, climate modeling, biomineralization, and pharmaceutical formulation. Despite tremendous efforts, the mechanisms and kinetics of nucleation remain elusive to both theory and experiment. Here we investigate sodium chloride (NaCl) nucleation from supersaturated brines using seeded atomistic simulations, polymorph-specific order parameters, and elements of classical nucleation theory. We find that NaCl nucleates via the common rock salt structure. Ion desolvation-not diffusion-is identified as the limiting resistance to attachment. Two different analyses give approximately consistent attachment kinetics: diffusion along the nucleus size coordinate and reaction-diffusion analysis of approach-to-coexistence simulation data from Aragones et al. ( J. Chem. Phys. 2012, 136, 244508 ). Our simulations were performed at realistic supersaturations to enable the first direct comparison to experimental nucleation rates for this system. The computed and measured rates converge to a common upper limit at extremely high supersaturation. However, our rate predictions are between 15 and 30 orders of magnitude too fast. We comment on possible origins of the large discrepancy.	0
Abstract2class: A dual anchoring strategy for the localization and activation of artificial metalloenzymes based on the biotin-streptavidin technology Abstract: Artificial metalloenzymes result from anchoring an active catalyst within a protein environment. Toward this goal, various localization strategies have been pursued: covalent, supramolecular, or dative anchoring. Herein we show that introduction of a suitably positioned histidine residue contributes to firmly anchor, via a dative bond, a biotinylated rhodium piano stool complex within streptavidin. The in silico design of the artificial metalloenzyme was confirmed by X-ray crystallography. The resulting artificial metalloenzyme displays significantly improved catalytic performance, both in terms of activity and selectivity in the transfer hydrogenation of imines. Depending on the position of the histidine residue, both enantiomers of the salsolidine product can be obtained.	0
Abstract2class: Long-Lived, Non-Geminate, Radiative Recombination of Photogenerated Charges in a Polymer/Small-Molecule Acceptor Photovoltaic Blend Abstract: Minimization of open-circuit-voltage ( VOC) loss is required to transcend the efficiency limitations on the performance of organic photovoltaics (OPV). We study charge recombination in an OPV blend comprising a polymer donor with a small molecule nonfullerene acceptor that exhibits both high photovoltaic internal quantum efficiency and relatively high external electroluminescence quantum efficiency. Notably, this donor/acceptor blend, consisting of the donor polymer commonly referred to as PCE10 with a pseudoplanar small molecule acceptor (referred to as FIDTT-2PDI) exhibits relatively bright delayed photoluminescence on the microsecond time scale beyond that observed in the neat material. We study the photoluminescence decay kinetics of the blend in detail and conclude that this long-lived photoluminescence arises from radiative nongeminate recombination of charge carriers, which we propose occurs via a donor/acceptor CT state located close in energy to the singlet state of the polymer donor. Additionally, crystallographic and spectroscopic studies point toward low subgap disorder, which could be beneficial for low radiative and nonradiative losses. These results provide an important demonstration of photoluminescence due to nongeminate charge recombination in an efficient OPV blend, a key step in identifying new OPV materials and materials-screening criteria if OPV is to approach the theoretical limits to efficiency.	0
Abstract2class: Aryl Group Transfer from Tetraarylborato Anions to an Electrophilic Dicopper(I) Center and Mixed-Valence μ-Aryl Dicopper(I,II) Complexes Abstract: The synthesis of discrete, cationic binuclear μ-aryl dicopper complexes [Cu2(μ-η(1):η(1)-Ar)DPFN]X (Ar = C6H5, 3,5-(CF3)2C6H3, and C6F5; DPFN = 2,7-bis(fluoro-di(2-pyridyl)methyl)-1,8-naphthyridine; X = BAr4(-) and NTf2(-); Tf = SO2CF3) was achieved by treatment of a dicopper complex [Cu2(μ-η(1):η(1)-NCCH3)DPFN]X2 (X = PF6(-) and NTf2(-)) with tetraarylborates. Structural characterization revealed symmetrically bridging aryl groups, and (1)H NMR spectroscopy evidenced the same structure in solution at 24 °C. Electrochemical investigation of the resulting arylcopper complexes uncovered reversible redox events that led to the synthesis and isolation of a rare mixed-valence organocopper complex [Cu2(μ-η(1):η(1)-Ph)DPFN](NTf2)2 in high yield. The solid-state structure of the mixed-valence μ-phenyl complex exhibits inequivalent copper centers, despite a short Cu···Cu distance. Electronic and variable-temperature electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy of the mixed-valence μ-phenyl complex suggest that the degree of spin localization is temperature-dependent, with a high degree of spin localization observed at lower temperatures. Electronic structure calculations agree with the experimental results and suggest that the spin is localized almost entirely on one metal center.	0
Abstract2class: Olefin Metathesis in Confined Geometries: A Biomimetic Approach toward Selective Macrocyclization Abstract: The synthesis of macrocycles is severely impeded by concomitant oligomer formation. Here, we present a biomimetic approach that utilizes spatial confinement to increase macrocyclization selectivity in the ring-closing metathesis of various dienes at elevated substrate concentration up to 25 mM using an olefin metathesis catalyst selectively immobilized inside ordered mesoporous silicas with defined pore diameters. By this approach, the ratio between macro(mono)cyclization (MMC) product and all undesired oligomerization products (O) resulting from acyclic diene metathesis polymerization was increased from 0.55, corresponding to 35% MMC product obtained with the homogeneous catalyst, up to 1.49, corresponding to 60% MMC product. A correlation between the MMC/O ratio and the substrate-to-pore-size ratio was successfully established. Modification of the inner pore surface with dimethoxydimethylsilane allowed fine-tuning the effective pore size and reversing surface polarity, which resulted in a further increase of the MMC/O ratio up to 2.2, corresponding to >68% MMC product. Molecular-level simulations in model pore geometries help to rationalize the complex interplay between spatial confinement, specific (substrate and product) interaction with the pore surface, and diffusive transport. These effects can be synergistically adjusted for optimum selectivity by suitable surface modification.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Enantioselective Carbon-Oxygen Bond Formation: Phosphine-Catalyzed Synthesis of Benzylic Ethers via the Oxidation of Benzylic C-H Bonds Abstract: Benzylic alcohols and ethers are common subunits in bioactive molecules, as well as useful intermediates in organic chemistry. In this Communication, we describe a new approach to the enantioselective synthesis of benzylic ethers through the chiral phosphine-catalyzed coupling of two readily available partners, γ-aryl-substituted alkynoates and alcohols, under mild conditions. In this process, the alkynoate partner undergoes an internal redox reaction. Specifically, the benzylic position is oxidized with good enantioselectivity, and the alkyne is reduced to the alkene.	0
Abstract2class: In situ transformation of TON silica zeolite into the less dense ITW: structure-direction overcoming framework instability in the synthesis of SiO2 zeolites Abstract: Under specific synthesis conditions the crystallization of a dense silica zeolite (TON) is followed by its in situ transformation into a less dense and, in the absence of occluded species, less stable zeolite (ITW). Periodic ab initio calculations including energy corrections for van der Waals interactions as well as zero-point and thermal effects are used first to assess the relative stability of both SiO(2) (calcined) phases and then to investigate host-guest interactions in the as-made zeolites, as well as their relative stability. The less dense SiO(2)-ITW is less stable than SiO(2)-TON, with an energy difference that is significantly larger than expected from their difference in molar volume. This extra destabilization is ascribed to the strained double 4-ring units of silica tetrahedra (D4R). Regarding the as-made materials, the organic cation fills in more efficiently the zeolitic voids in ITW than in TON, bringing about a larger stabilization in the former owing to the extension of the long-range addition of dispersion force contributions. On the other hand, fluoride induces a polarization of the silica framework that is highly localized in TON (showing pentacoordinated [SiO(4/2)F](-) units) but has a large global character in ITW (where fluoride is encapsulated into D4R units). We argue that the structure-directing role toward D4R materials that has been proposed for fluoride consists fundamentally in the ability to induce a global polarization of the silica framework that allows relaxation of the strain associated with these units. In this sense, fluoride stabilizes the otherwise strained D4R-SiO(2) frameworks making them reachable for crystallization. This work documents a case in which the structure directing agents "choose" a structure not kinetically but through stabilization.	0
Abstract2class: Fluoroarene Separations in Metal-Organic Frameworks with Two Proximal Mg2+ Coordination Sites Abstract: Fluoroarenes are widely used in medicinal, agricultural, and materials chemistry, and yet their production remains a critical challenge in organic synthesis. Indeed, the nearly identical physical properties of these vital building blocks hinders their purification by traditional methods, such as flash chromatography or distillation. As a result, the Balz-Schiemann reaction is currently employed to prepare fluoroarenes instead of more atom-economical C-H fluorination reactions, which produce inseparable mixtures of regioisomers. Herein, we propose an alternative solution to this problem: the purification of mixtures of fluoroarenes using metal-organic frameworks (MOFs). Specifically, we demonstrate that controlling the interaction of fluoroarenes with adjacent coordinatively unsaturated Mg2+ centers within a MOF enables the separation of fluoroarene mixtures with unparalleled selectivities. Liquid-phase multicomponent equilibrium adsorption data and breakthrough measurements coupled with van der Waals-corrected density functional theory calculations reveal that the materials Mg2(dobdc) (dobdc4- = 2,5-dioxidobenzene-1,4-dicarboxylate) and Mg2(m-dobdc) (m-dobdc4- = 2,4-dioxidobenzene-1,5-dicarboxylate) are capable of separating the difluorobenzene isomers from one another. Additionally, these frameworks facilitate the separations of fluoroanisoles, fluorotoluenes, and fluorochlorobenzenes. In addition to enabling currently unfeasible separations for the production of fluoroarenes, our results suggest that carefully controlling the interaction of isomers with not one but two strong binding sites within a MOF provides a general strategy for achieving challenging liquid-phase separations.	0
Abstract2class: Selective N1/N4 1,4-Cycloaddition of 1,2,4,5-Tetrazines Enabled by Solvent Hydrogen Bonding Abstract: An unprecedented 1,4-cycloaddition (vs 3,6-cycloaddition) of 1,2,4,5-tetrazines is described with preformed or in situ generated aryl-conjugated enamines promoted by the solvent hydrogen bonding of hexafluoroisopropanol (HFIP) that is conducted under mild reaction conditions (0.1 M HFIP, 25 °C, 12 h). The reaction constitutes a formal [4 + 2] cycloaddition across the two nitrogen atoms (N1/N4) of the 1,2,4,5-tetrazine followed by a formal retro [4 + 2] cycloaddition loss of a nitrile and aromatization to generate a 1,2,4-triazine derivative. The factors that impact the remarkable change in the reaction mode, optimization of reaction parameters, the scope and simplification of its implementation through in situ enamine generation from aldehydes and ketones, the reaction scope for 3,6-bis(thiomethyl)-1,2,4,5-tetrazine, a survey of participating 1,2,4,5-tetrazines, and key mechanistic insights into this reaction are detailed. Given its simplicity and breath, the study establishes a novel method for the simple and efficient one-step synthesis of 1,2,4-triazines under mild conditions from readily accessible starting materials. Whereas alternative protic solvents (e.g., MeOH vs HFIP) provide products of the conventional 3,6-cycoladdition, the enhanced hydrogen bonding capability of HFIP uniquely results in promotion of the unprecedented formal 1,4-cycloaddition. As such, the studies represent an example of not just an enhancement in the rate or efficiency of a heterocyclic azadiene cycloaddition by hydrogen bonding catalysis but also the first to alter the mode (N1/N4 vs C3/C6) of cycloaddition.	0
Abstract2class: Multiplexed screening of cellular uptake of gold nanoparticles using laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry Abstract: Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) are highly promising candidates as drug delivery agents into cells of interest. We describe for the first time the multiplexed analysis of nanoparticle uptake by cells using mass spectrometry. We demonstrate that the cellular uptake of functionalized gold nanoparticles with cationic or neutral surface ligands can be readily determined using laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry of cell lysates. The surface ligands have "mass barcodes" that allow different nanoparticles to be simultaneously identified and quantified at levels as low as 30 pmol. Using this method, we find that subtle changes to AuNP surface functionalities can lead to measurable changes in cellular uptake propensities.	0
Abstract2class: Cupric Ions Selectively Modulate TRAAK-Phosphatidylserine Interactions Abstract: TRAAK and TREK2 are two-pore domain K+ (K2P) channels and are modulated by diverse factors including temperature, membrane stretching, and lipids, such as phosphatidic acid. In addition, copper and zinc, both of which are essential for life, are known to regulate TREK2 and a number of other ion channels. However, the role of ions in the association of lipids with integral membrane proteins is poorly understood. Here, we discover cupric ions selectively modulate the binding of phosphatidylserine (PS) to TRAAK but not TREK2. Other divalent cations (Ca2+, Mg2+, and Zn2+) bind both channels but have no impact on binding PS and other lipids. Additionally, TRAAK binds more avidly to Cu2+ and Zn2+ than TREK2. In the presence of Cu2+, TRAAK binds similarly to PS with different acyl chains, indicating a crucial role of the serine headgroup in coordinating Cu2+. High-resolution native mass spectrometry (MS) enables the determination of equilibrium binding constants for distinct Cu2+-bound stoichiometries and uncovered the highest coupling factor corresponds to a 1:1 PS-to-Cu2+ ratio. Interestingly, the next three highest coupling factors had a ∼1.5:1 PS-to-Cu2+ ratio. Our findings bring forth the role of cupric ions as an essential cofactor in selective TRAAK-PS interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Automated Assembly of Starch and Glycogen Polysaccharides Abstract: Polysaccharides are Nature's most abundant biomaterials essential for plant cell wall construction and energy storage. Seemingly minor structural differences result in entirely different functions: cellulose, a β (1-4) linked glucose polymer, forms fibrils that can support large trees, while amylose, an α (1-4) linked glucose polymer forms soft hollow fibers used for energy storage. A detailed understanding of polysaccharide structures requires pure materials that cannot be isolated from natural sources. Automated Glycan Assembly provides quick access to trans-linked glycans analogues of cellulose, but the stereoselective installation of multiple cis-glycosidic linkages present in amylose has not been possible to date. Here, we identify thioglycoside building blocks with different protecting group patterns that, in concert with temperature and solvent control, achieve excellent stereoselectivity during the synthesis of linear and branched α-glucan polymers with up to 20 cis-glycosidic linkages. The molecules prepared with the new method will serve as probes to understand the biosynthesis and the structure of α-glucans.	0
Abstract2class: Selective polymerization catalysis: controlling the metal chain end group to prepare block copolyesters Abstract: Selective catalysis is used to prepare block copolyesters by combining ring-opening polymerization of lactones and ring-opening copolymerization of epoxides/anhydrides. By using a dizinc complex with mixtures of up to three different monomers and controlling the chemistry of the Zn-O(polymer chain) it is possible to select for a particular polymerization route and thereby control the composition of block copolyesters.	0
Abstract2class: Water and the Cation-π Interaction Abstract: The cation-π interaction and the hydrophobic effect are important intermolecular forces in chemistry and play major roles in controlling recognition in biological systems. We compared their relative contributions to the binding of molecular "dumbbell" guests in synthetic container hosts in water. The guests offered direct, intramolecular competition between trimethylammonium groups, -N+(CH3)3, and tert-butyl groups, -C(CH3)3, for the internal surfaces (aromatic panels) of the containers. In contrast with previous studies, the container molecules consistently preferred binding to the uncharged tert-butyl groups, regardless of the presence of anionic, cationic, or zwitterionic groups on the container peripheries. This preference is determined by solvation of the polar trimethylammonium group in water, which outcompetes the attraction between the positive charge and the π-surfaces in the container. The synthetic container complexes provide a direct measure of the relative strengths of cation-π interactions and desolvation in water. Interactions with the uncharged tert-butyl group are more than 12 kJ mol-1 more favorable than the cation-π interactions with the trimethylammonium group in these cavitand complexes.	0
Abstract2class: Chiral gold nanowires with Boerdijk-Coxeter-Bernal structure Abstract: A Boerdijk-Coxeter-Bernal (BCB) helix is made of linearly stacked regular tetrahedra (tetrahelix). As such, it is chiral without nontrivial translational or rotational symmetries. We demonstrate here an example of the chiral BCB structure made of totally symmetrical gold atoms, created in nanowires by direct chemical synthesis. Detailed study by high-resolution electron microscopy illustrates their elegant chiral structure and the unique one-dimensional "pseudo-periodicity". The BCB-type atomic packing mode is proposed to be a result of the competition and compromise between the lattice and surface energy.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-controlled asymmetric arylation of aliphatic α-amino anion equivalents Abstract: A palladium-catalyzed asymmetric arylation of 9-aminofluorene-derived imines using a chiral dialkylbiaryl phosphine as the supporting ligand has been developed. This transformation allows for enantioselective access to a diverse range of α-branched benzylamines.	0
Abstract2class: Palladium-catalyzed C3-benzylation of indoles Abstract: A general method for regioselective C3-benzylation of indoles has been developed. Various 3-substituted indoles and benzyl methyl carbonates with different electronic properties react under mild conditions to afford a diverse range of 3-benzylindolenine products in good yields.	0
Abstract2class: Tandem Bioorthogonal Labeling Uncovers Endogenous Cotranslationally O-GlcNAc Modified Nascent Proteins Abstract: Hundreds of nuclear, cytoplasmic, and mitochondrial proteins within multicellular eukaryotes have hydroxyl groups of specific serine and threonine residues modified by the monosaccharide N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc). This modification, known as O-GlcNAc, has emerged as a central regulator of both cell physiology and human health. A key emerging function of O-GlcNAc appears to be to regulate cellular protein homeostasis. We previously showed, using overexpressed model proteins, that O-GlcNAc modification can occur cotranslationally and that this process prevents premature degradation of such nascent polypeptide chains. Here, we use tandem metabolic engineering strategies to label endogenously occurring nascent polypeptide chains within cells using O-propargyl-puromycin (OPP) and target the specific subset of nascent chains that are cotranslationally glycosylated with O-GlcNAc by metabolic saccharide engineering using tetra-O-acetyl-2-N-azidoacetyl-2-deoxy-d-galactopyranose (Ac4GalNAz). Using various combinations of sequential chemoselective ligation strategies, we go on to tag these analytes with a series of labels, allowing us to define conditions that enable their robust labeling. Two-step enrichment of these glycosylated nascent chains, combined with shotgun proteomics, allows us to identify a set of endogenous cotranslationally O-GlcNAc modified proteins. Using alternative targeted methods, we examine three of these identified proteins and further validate their cotranslational O-GlcNAcylation. These findings detail strategies to enable isolation and identification of extremely low abundance endogenous analytes present within complex protein mixtures. Moreover, this work opens the way to studies directed at understanding the roles of O-GlcNAc and other cotranslational protein modifications and should stimulate an improved understanding of the role of O-GlcNAc in cytoplasmic protein quality control and proteostasis.	0
Abstract2class: Direct observation of an enamine intermediate in amine catalysis Abstract: An enamine intermediate is believed to be the central feature of biological catalysts, such as aldolases and small molecule amine organocatalysts. Despite decades of investigation of naturally occurring aldolase enzymes and recent studies on designed aldolase antibodies and organocatalysts, direct structural observation of an enamine intermediate has proven to be rare. Herein, we report the observation of a stable enamine intermediate in the crystal structure of an aldolase antibody 33F12 in complex with a 1,3-diketone derivative. This enamine complex structure provides strong evidence that fewer residues are essential for amine catalysis within the hydrophobic environments of this catalytic antibody than speculated for natural aldolase enzymes and should serve to guide future studies aimed at the rational design of these types of catalysts, as well as organocatalysts. Indeed, enamine catalysis in proteins might be more simplistic than previously imagined.	0
Abstract2class: Stable tetravalent phosphonium enolate zwitterions Abstract: Three-component coupling reactions between trialkylphosphines, methyl propiolates, and aldehydes produced 1:1:1 dipolar adducts in moderate-to-excellent yields. The product phosphonium enolate zwitterions were isolated as crystalline solids. X-ray crystallographic analyses of these single crystals established unequivocally the dipolar structures of these tetravalent phosphonium enolate zwitterions. Because phosphonium enolates are the first key intermediates in the nucleophilic phosphine-mediated catalysis of α,β-unsaturated carbonyl compounds, this study provides crucial insight into the mechanisms of Morita–Baylis–Hillman-type reactions.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism of enzymatic fluorination in Streptomyces cattleya Abstract: Recently a fluorination enzyme was identified and isolated from Streptomyces cattleya, as the first committed step on the metabolic pathway to the fluorinated metabolites, fluoroacetate and 4-fluorothreonine. This enzyme, 5'-fluoro-5'-deoxy adenosine synthetase (FDAS), has been shown to catalyze C-F bond formation by nucleophilic attack of fluoride ion to S-adenosyl-l-methionine (SAM) with the concomitant displacement of l-methionine to generate 5'-fluoro-5'-deoxy adenosine (5'-FDA). Although the structures of FDAS bound to both SAM and products have been solved, the molecular mechanism remained to be elucidated. We now report site-directed mutagenesis studies, structural analyses, and isothermal calorimetry (ITC) experiments. The data establish the key residues required for catalysis and the order of substrate binding. Fluoride ion is not readily distinguished from water by protein X-ray crystallography; however, using chloride ion (also a substrate) with a mutant of low activity has enabled the halide ion to be located in nonproductive co-complexes with SAH and SAM. The kinetic data suggest the positively charged sulfur of SAM is a key requirement in stabilizing the transition state. We propose a molecular mechanism for FDAS in which fluoride weakly associates with the enzyme exchanging two water molecules for protein ligation. The binding of SAM expels remaining water associated with fluoride ion and traps the ion in a pocket positioned to react with SAM, generating l-methionine and 5'-FDA. l-methionine then dissociates from the enzyme followed by 5'-FDA.	0
Abstract2class: Quantitative glycomics from fluidic glycan microarrays Abstract: A hallmark of cell-surface processes involving glycans is their multivalent interaction with glycan binding proteins (GBPs). Such a multivalent interaction depends critically on the mobility and density of signaling molecules on the membrane surface. While glycan microarrays have been used in exploring multivalent interactions, the lack of mobility and the difficulty in controlling surface density both limit their quantitative applications. Here we apply a fluidic glycan microarray, with glycan density varying for orders of magnitude, to profile cell surface interaction using a model system, the adhesion of Escherichia coli to mannose. We show the quantitative determination of monovalent and multivalent adhesion channels; the latter can be inhibited by nanopartices presenting a high density of mannosyl groups. These results reveal a new E. coli adhesion mechanism: the switching in the FimH adhesion protein avidity from monovalent to multivalent as the density of mobile mannosyl groups increases; such avidity switching enhances binding affinity and triggers multiple fimbriae anchoring. Affinity enhancement toward FimH has only been observed before for oligo-mannose due to the turn on of secondary interactions outside the mannose binding pocket. We suggest that the new mechanism revealed by the fluidic microarray is of general significance to cell surface interactions: the dynamic clustering of simple sugar groups (homogeneous or heterogeneous) on the fluidic membrane surface may simulate the functions of complex glycan molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Structural Properties and Catalytic Implications of the SPASM Domain Iron-Sulfur Clusters in Methylorubrum extorquens PqqE Abstract: Understanding the relationship between the metallocofactor and its protein environment is the key to uncovering the mechanism of metalloenzymes. PqqE, a radical S-adenosylmethionine enzyme in pyrroloquinoline quinone (PQQ) biosynthesis, contains three iron-sulfur cluster binding sites. Two auxiliary iron-sulfur cluster binding sites, designated as AuxI and AuxII, use distinctive ligands compared to other proteins in the family while their functions remain unclear. Here, we investigate the electronic properties of these iron-sulfur clusters and compare the catalytic efficiency of wild-type (WT) Methylorubrum extorquens AM1 PqqE to a range of mutated constructs. Using native mass spectrometry, protein film electrochemistry, and electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy, we confirm the previously proposed incorporation of a mixture of [2Fe-2S] and [4Fe-4S] clusters at the AuxI site and are able to assign redox potentials to each of the three iron-sulfur clusters. Significantly, a conservative mutation at AuxI, C268H, shown to selectively incorporate a [4Fe-4S] cluster, catalyzes an enhancement of uncoupled S-adenosylmethionine cleavage relative to WT, together with the elimination of detectable peptide cross-linked product. While a [4Fe-4S] cluster can be tolerated at the AuxI site, the aggregate findings suggest a functional [2Fe-2S] configuration within the AuxI site. PqqE variants with nondestructive ligand replacements at AuxII also show that the reduction potential at this site can be manipulated by changing the electronegativity of the unique aspartate ligand. A number of novel mechanistic features are proposed based on the kinetic and spectroscopic data. Additionally, bioinformatic analyses suggest that the unique ligand environment of PqqE may be relevant to its role in PQQ biosynthesis within an oxygen-dependent biosynthetic pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Remarkable and Unexpected Mechanism for ( S)-3-Amino-4-(difluoromethylenyl)cyclohex-1-ene-1-carboxylic Acid as a Selective Inactivator of Human Ornithine Aminotransferase Abstract: Human ornithine aminotransferase (hOAT) is a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzyme that was recently found to play an important role in the metabolic reprogramming of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) via the proline and glutamine metabolic pathways. The selective inhibition of hOAT by compound 10 exhibited potent in vivo antitumor activity. Inspired by the discovery of the aminotransferase inactivator (1S,3S)-3-amino-4-(difluoromethylene)cyclopentane-1-carboxylic acid (5), we rationally designed, synthesized, and evaluated a series of six-membered-ring analogs. Among them, 14 was identified as a new selective hOAT inactivator, which demonstrated a potency 22× greater than that of 10. Three different types of protein mass spectrometry approaches and two crystallographic approaches were employed to identify the structure of hOAT-14 and the formation of a remarkable final adduct (32') in the active site. These spectral studies reveal an enzyme complex heretofore not observed in a PLP-dependent enzyme, which has covalent bonds to two nearby residues. Crystal soaking experiments and molecular dynamics simulations were carried out to identify the structure of the active-site intermediate 27' and elucidate the order of the two covalent bonds that formed, leading to 32'. The initial covalent reaction of the activated warhead occurs with *Thr322 from the second subunit, followed by a subsequent nucleophilic attack by the catalytic residue Lys292. The turnover mechanism of 14 by hOAT was supported by a mass spectrometric analysis of metabolites and fluoride ion release experiments. This novel mechanism for hOAT with 14 will contribute to the further rational design of selective inactivators and an understanding of potential inactivation mechanisms by aminotransferases.	0
Abstract2class: A Remarkable Difference That One Fluorine Atom Confers on the Mechanisms of Inactivation of Human Ornithine Aminotransferase by Two Cyclohexene Analogues of γ-Aminobutyric Acid Abstract: Human ornithine aminotransferase (hOAT), a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent enzyme, plays a critical role in the progression of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Pharmacological selective inhibition of hOAT has been shown to be a potential therapeutic approach for HCC. Inspired by the discovery of the nonselective aminotransferase inactivator (1R,3S,4S)-3-amino-4-fluoro cyclopentane-1-carboxylic acid (1), in this work, we rationally designed, synthesized, and evaluated a novel series of fluorine-substituted cyclohexene analogues, thereby identifying 8 and 9 as novel selective hOAT time-dependent inhibitors. Intact protein mass spectrometry and protein crystallography demonstrated 8 and 9 as covalent inhibitors of hOAT, which exhibit two distinct inactivation mechanisms resulting from the difference of a single fluorine atom. Interestingly, they share a similar turnover mechanism, according to the mass spectrometry-based analysis of metabolites and fluoride ion release experiments. Molecular dynamics (MD) simulations and electrostatic potential (ESP) charge calculations were conducted, which elucidated the significant influence of the one-fluorine difference on the corresponding intermediates, leading to two totally different inactivation pathways. The novel addition-aromatization inactivation mechanism for 9 contributes to its significantly enhanced potency, along with excellent selectivity over other aminotransferases.	0
Abstract2class: Streamlined syntheses of (-)-dictyostatin, 16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin, and 6-epi-16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin Abstract: The dictyostatins are a promising class of potential anti-cancer drugs because they are powerful microtubule-stabilizing agents, but the complexity of their chemical structures is a severe impediment to their further development. On the basis of both synthetic and medicinal chemistry analyses, 16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin and its C6 epimer were chosen as potentially potent yet accessible dictyostatin analogues, and three new syntheses were developed. A relatively classical synthesis involving vinyllithium addition and macrocyclization gave way to a newer and more practical approach based on esterification and ring-closing metathesis reaction. Finally, aspects of these two approaches were combined to provide a third new synthesis based on esterification and Nozaki-Hiyama-Kishi reaction. This was used to prepare the target dihydro analogues and the natural product. All of the syntheses are streamlined because of their high convergency. The work provided several new analogues of dictyostatin, including a truncated macrolactone and a C10 E-alkene, which were 400- and 50-fold less active than (-)-dictyostatin, respectively. In contrast, the targeted 16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin analogues retained almost complete activity in preliminary biological assays.	0
Abstract2class: Coupled growth and division of model protocell membranes Abstract: The generation of synthetic forms of cellular life requires solutions to the problem of how biological processes such as cyclic growth and division could emerge from purely physical and chemical systems. Small unilamellar fatty acid vesicles grow when fed with fatty acid micelles and can be forced to divide by extrusion, but this artificial division process results in significant loss of protocell contents during each division cycle. Here we describe a simple and efficient pathway for model protocell membrane growth and division. The growth of large multilamellar fatty acid vesicles fed with fatty acid micelles, in a solution where solute permeation across the membranes is slow, results in the transformation of initially spherical vesicles into long thread-like vesicles, a process driven by the transient imbalance between surface area and volume growth. Modest shear forces are then sufficient to cause the thread-like vesicles to divide into multiple daughter vesicles without loss of internal contents. In an environment of gentle shear, protocell growth and division are thus coupled processes. We show that model protocells can proceed through multiple cycles of reproduction. Encapsulated RNA molecules, representing a primitive genome, are distributed to the daughter vesicles. Our observations bring us closer to the laboratory synthesis of a complete protocell consisting of a self-replicating genome and a self-replicating membrane compartment. In addition, the robustness and simplicity of this pathway suggests that similar processes might have occurred under the prebiotic conditions of the early Earth.	0
Abstract2class: Retinal conformation governs pKa of protonated Schiff base in rhodopsin activation Abstract: We have explored the relationship between conformational energetics and the protonation state of the Schiff base in retinal, the covalently bound ligand responsible for activating the G protein-coupled receptor rhodopsin, using quantum chemical calculations. Guided by experimental structural determinations and large-scale molecular simulations on this system, we examined rotation about each bond in the retinal polyene chain, for both the protonated and deprotonated states that represent the dark and photoactivated states, respectively. Particular attention was paid to the torsional degrees of freedom that determine the shape of the molecule, and hence its interactions with the protein binding pocket. While most torsional degrees of freedom in retinal are characterized by large energetic barriers that minimize structural fluctuations under physiological temperatures, the C6-C7 dihedral defining the relative orientation of the β-ionone ring to the polyene chain has both modest barrier heights and a torsional energy surface that changes dramatically with protonation of the Schiff base. This surprising coupling between conformational degrees of freedom and protonation state is further quantified by calculations of the pKa as a function of the C6-C7 dihedral angle. Notably, pKa shifts of greater than two units arise from torsional fluctuations observed in molecular dynamics simulations of the full ligand-protein-membrane system. It follows that fluctuations in the protonation state of the Schiff base occur prior to forming the activated MII state. These new results shed light on important mechanistic aspects of retinal conformational changes that are involved in the activation of rhodopsin in the visual process.	0
Abstract2class: Hydrogen-Bond Symmetrization Breakdown and Dehydrogenation Mechanism of FeO2H at High Pressure Abstract: The cycling of hydrogen plays an important role in the geochemical evolution of our planet. Under high-pressure conditions, asymmetric hydroxyl bonds tend to form a symmetric O-H-O configuration in which H is positioned at the center of two O atoms. The symmetrization of O-H bonds improves their thermal stability and as such, water-bearing minerals can be present deeper in the Earth's lower mantle. However, how exactly H is recycled from the deep mantle remains unclear. Here, we employ first-principles free-energy landscape sampling methods together with high pressure-high temperature experiments to reveal the dehydrogenation mechanism of a water-bearing mineral, FeO2H, at deep mantle conditions. Experimentally, we show that ∼50% H is released from symmetrically hydrogen-bonded ε-FeO2H upon transforming to a pyrite-type phase (Py-phase). By resolving the lowest-energy transition pathway from ε-FeO2H to the Py-phase, we demonstrate that half of the O-H bonds in the mineral rupture during the structural transition, leading toward the breakdown of symmetrized hydrogen bonds and eventual dehydrogenation. Our study sheds new light on the stability of symmetric hydrogen bonds during structural transitions and provides a dehydrogenation mechanism for hydrous minerals existing in the deep mantle.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective CuH-catalyzed anti-Markovnikov hydroamination of 1,1-disubstituted alkenes Abstract: Enantioselective synthesis of β-chiral amines has been achieved via copper-catalyzed hydroamination of 1,1-disubstituted alkenes with hydroxylamine esters in the presence of a hydrosilane. This mild process affords a range of structurally diverse β-chiral amines, including β-deuterated amines, in excellent yields with high enantioselectivities. Furthermore, catalyst loading as low as 0.4 mol% could be employed to deliver product in undiminished yield and selectivity, demonstrating the practicality of this method for large-scale synthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Enantio- and regioselective CuH-catalyzed hydroamination of alkenes Abstract: A highly enantio- and regioselective copper-catalyzed hydroamination reaction of alkenes has been developed using diethoxymethylsilane and esters of hydroxylamines. The process tolerates a wide variety of substituted styrenes, including trans-, cis-, and β,β-disubstituted styrenes, to yield α-branched amines. In addition, aliphatic alkenes coupled to generate exclusively the anti-Markovnikov hydroamination products.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective copper-catalyzed construction of aryl pyrroloindolines via an arylation-cyclization cascade Abstract: An enantioselective arylation-cyclization cascade has been accomplished using a combination of diaryliodonium salts and asymmetric copper catalysis. These mild catalytic conditions provide a new strategy for the enantioselective construction of pyrroloindolines, an important alkaloid structural motif that is commonly found among biologically active natural products.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-Enabled γ-C(sp3)-H Activation of Ketones Abstract: We report the first example of Pd(II)-catalyzed γ-C(sp3)-H activation of ketones directed by a practical 2,2-dimethyl aminooxyacetic acid auxiliary. 2-Pyridone ligands are identified to enable C(sp3)-H activation for the first time. A rare six-membered palladacycle intermediate is isolated and characterized to elucidate the reaction mechanism. Both (hetero)arylation and vinylation of γ-C(sp3)-H bonds are demonstrated. Sequential β- and γ-C(sp3)-H (hetero)arylation of muscone showcases the utility of this method for late-stage diversification. A convenient Mn(II)-catalyzed auxiliary removal is also developed to further underscore the practicality of this transformation.	0
Abstract2class: Versatile Alkylation of (Hetero)Aryl Iodides with Ketones via β-C(sp3)-H Activation Abstract: We report Pd(II)-catalyzed β-C(sp3)-H (hetero)arylation of a variety of ketones using a commercially available 2,2-dimethyl aminooxyacetic acid auxiliary. Facile installation and removal of the auxiliary as well as its superior scope for both ketones and (hetero)aryl iodides overcome the significant limitations of the previously reported β-C(sp3)-H arylation of ketones. The ready availability of ketones renders this reaction a broadly useful method for alkyl-(hetero)aryl coupling involving both primary and secondary alkyls.	0
Abstract2class: Highly Versatile β-C(sp3)-H Iodination of Ketones Using a Practical Auxiliary Abstract: The first example of palladium(II)-catalyzed β-C(sp3)-H iodination of a wide range of ketones using a commercially available aminooxyacetic acid auxiliary has been achieved. This L, X-type directing group overcomes the limitations of the transient directing group approach for C(sp3)-H functionalization of ketones. Practical advantages of this method include simple installation of the auxiliary without chromatography, exceptional tolerance of α-functional groups, as well as alkenes and alkynes, and rapid access to diverse sterically hindered quaternary centers.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-Enabled Pd(II)-Catalyzed Bromination and Iodination of C(sp3)-H Bonds Abstract: We herein report the palladium(II)-catalyzed bromination and iodination of a variety of α-hydrogen-containing carboxylic acid and amino acid-derived amides. These reactions are exclusively enabled by quinoline-type ligands. The halogenated products obtained in this reaction are highly versatile and rapidly undergo further diversification. Further, we report the first example of a free carboxylic acid-directed Pd(II)-catalyzed C(sp3)-H bromination, enabled by quinoline ligands.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-Enabled Stereoselective β-C(sp(3))-H Fluorination: Synthesis of Unnatural Enantiopure anti-β-Fluoro-α-amino Acids Abstract: A quinoline-based ligand was shown to promote palladium-catalyzed β-C(sp(3))-H fluorination for the first time. A range of unnatural enantiopure fluorinated α-amino acids were obtained through sequential β-C(sp(3))-H arylation and subsequent stereoselective fluorination from readily available L-alanine.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-promoted alkylation of C(sp3)-H and C(sp2)-H bonds Abstract: 9-Methylacridine was identified as a generally effective ligand to promote a Pd(II)-catalyzed C(sp(3))-H and C(sp(2))-H alkylation of simple amides with various alkyl iodides. This alkylation reaction was applied to the preparation of unnatural amino acids and geometrically controlled tri- and tetrasubstituted acrylic acids.	0
Abstract2class: Versatile Enantioselective Synthesis of Functionalized Lactones via Copper-Catalyzed Radical Oxyfunctionalization of Alkenes Abstract: A versatile method for the rapid synthesis of diverse enantiomerically enriched lactones has been developed based on Cu-catalyzed enantioselective radical oxyfunctionalization of alkenes. The scope of this strategy encompasses a series of enantioselective difunctionalization reactions: oxyazidation, oxysulfonylation, oxyarylation, diacyloxylation, and oxyalkylation. These reactions provide straightforward access to a wide range of useful chiral lactone building blocks containing tetrasubstituted stereogenic centers, which are hard to access traditionally.	0
Abstract2class: Mapping the nucleotide binding site of uncoupling protein 1 using atomic force microscopy Abstract: A tight regulation of proton transport in the inner mitochondrial membrane is crucial for physiological processes such as ATP synthesis, heat production, or regulation of the reactive oxygen species as proposed for the uncoupling protein family members (UCP). Specific regulation of proton transport is thus becoming increasingly important in the therapy of obesity and inflammatory, neurodegenerative, and ischemic diseases. We and other research groups have shown previously that UCP1- and UCP2-mediated proton transport is inhibited by purine nucleotides. Several hypotheses have been proposed to explain the inhibitory effect of ATP, although structural details are still lacking. Moreover, the unresolved mystery is how UCP operates in vivo despite the permanent presence of high (millimolar) concentrations of ATP in mitochondria. Here we use the topographic and recognition (TREC) mode of an atomic force microscope to visualize UCP1 reconstituted into lipid bilayers and to analyze the ATP-protein interaction at a single molecule level. The comparison of recognition patterns obtained with anti-UCP1 antibody and ATP led to the conclusion that the ATP binding site can be accessed from both sides of the membrane. Using cantilever tips with different cross-linker lengths, we determined the location of the nucleotide binding site inside the membrane with 1 Å precision. Together with the recently published NMR structure of a UCP family member (Berardi et al. Nature, 2011, 476, 109-113), our data provide a valuable insight into the mechanism of the nucleotide binding and pave the way for new pharmacological approaches against the diseases mentioned above.	0
Abstract2class: Copper-catalyzed oxytrifluoromethylation of unactivated alkenes Abstract: A mild, versatile, and convenient method for the efficient oxytrifluoromethylation of unactivated alkenes based on a copper-catalyzed oxidative difunctionalization strategy has been developed. This methodology provides access to a variety of classes of synthetically useful CF(3)-containing building blocks from simple starting materials.	0
Abstract2class: Intermolecular Anti-Markovnikov Hydroamination of Unactivated Alkenes with Sulfonamides Enabled by Proton-Coupled Electron Transfer Abstract: Here we report a catalytic method for the intermolecular anti-Markovnikov hydroamination of unactivated alkenes using primary and secondary sulfonamides. These reactions occur at room temperature under visible light irradiation and are jointly catalyzed by an iridium(III) photocatalyst, a dialkyl phosphate base, and a thiol hydrogen atom donor. Reaction outcomes are consistent with the intermediacy of an N-centered sulfonamidyl radical generated via proton-coupled electron transfer activation of the sulfonamide N-H bond. Studies outlining the synthetic scope (>60 examples) and mechanistic features of the reaction are presented.	0
Abstract2class: Analogy Powered by Prediction and Structural Invariants: Computationally Led Discovery of a Mesoporous Hydrogen-Bonded Organic Cage Crystal Abstract: Mesoporous molecular crystals have potential applications in separation and catalysis, but they are rare and hard to design because many weak interactions compete during crystallization, and most molecules have an energetic preference for close packing. Here, we combine crystal structure prediction (CSP) with structural invariants to continuously qualify the similarity between predicted crystal structures for related molecules. This allows isomorphous substitution strategies, which can be unreliable for molecular crystals, to be augmented by a priori prediction, thus leveraging the power of both approaches. We used this combined approach to discover a rare example of a low-density (0.54 g cm-3) mesoporous hydrogen-bonded framework (HOF), 3D-CageHOF-1. This structure comprises an organic cage (Cage-3-NH2) that was predicted to form kinetically trapped, low-density polymorphs via CSP. Pointwise distance distribution structural invariants revealed five predicted forms of Cage-3-NH2 that are analogous to experimentally realized porous crystals of a chemically different but geometrically similar molecule, T2. More broadly, this approach overcomes the difficulties in comparing predicted molecular crystals with varying lattice parameters, thus allowing for the systematic comparison of energy-structure landscapes for chemically dissimilar molecules.	0
Abstract2class: 3D Cage COFs: A Dynamic Three-Dimensional Covalent Organic Framework with High-Connectivity Organic Cage Nodes Abstract: Three-dimensional (3D) covalent organic frameworks (COFs) are rare because there is a limited choice of organic building blocks that offer multiple reactive sites in a polyhedral geometry. Here, we synthesized an organic cage molecule (Cage-6-NH2) that was used as a triangular prism node to yield the first cage-based 3D COF, 3D-CageCOF-1. This COF adopts an unreported 2-fold interpenetrated acs topology and exhibits reversible dynamic behavior, switching between a small-pore (sp) structure and a large-pore (lp) structure. It also shows high CO2 uptake and captures water at low humidity (<40%). This demonstrates the potential for expanding the structural complexity of 3D COFs by using organic cages as the building units.	0
Abstract2class: Time-resolved dehydration-induced structural changes in an intact bovine cortical bone revealed by solid-state NMR spectroscopy Abstract: Understanding the structure and structural changes of bone, a highly heterogeneous material with a complex hierarchical architecture, continues to be a significant challenge even for high-resolution solid-state NMR spectroscopy. While it is known that dehydration affects mechanical properties of bone by decreasing its strength and toughness, the underlying structural mechanism at the atomic level is unknown. Solid-state NMR spectroscopy, controlled dehydration, and H/D exchange were used for the first time to reveal the structural changes of an intact piece of bovine cortical bone. (1)H spectra were used to monitor the dehydration of the bone inside the rotor, and high-resolution (13)C chemical shift spectra obtained under magic-angle spinning were used evaluate the dehydration-induced conformational changes in the bone. The experiments revealed the slow denaturation of collagen due to dehydration while the trans-Xaa-Pro conformation in collagen remained unchanged. Our results suggest that glycosaminoglycans in the collagen fiber and mineral interface may chelate with a Ca(2+) ion present on the surface of the mineral through sulfate or carboxylate groups. These results provide insights into the role of water molecules in the bone structure and shed light on the relationship between the structure and mechanics of bone.	0
Abstract2class: Spiropyran-based photochromic polymer nanoparticles with optically switchable luminescence Abstract: Polymer nanoparticles of 40-400 nm diameter with spiropyran-merocyanine dyes incorporated into their hydrophobic cavities have been prepared; in contrast to their virtually nonfluorescent character in most environments, the merocyanine forms of the encapsulated dyes are highly fluorescent. Spiro-mero photoisomerization is reversible, allowing the fluorescence to be switched "on" and "off" by alternating UV and visible light. Immobilizing the dye inside hydrophobic pockets of nanoparticles also improves its photostability, rendering it more resistant than the same dyes in solution to fatigue effects arising from photochemical switching. The photophysical characteristics of the encapsulated fluorophores differ dramatically from those of the same species in solution, making nanoparticle-protected hydrophobic fluorophores attractive materials for potential applications such as optical data storage and switching and biological fluorescent labeling. To evaluate the potential for biological tagging, these optically addressable nanoparticles have been delivered into living cells and imaged with a liquid nitrogen-cooled CCD.	0
Abstract2class: Dual Role of Surface Hydroxyl Groups in the Photodynamics and Performance of NiO-Based Photocathodes Abstract: Photoelectrochemical (PEC) cells containing photocathodes based on functionalized NiO show a promising solar-to-hydrogen conversion efficiency. Here, we present mechanistic understanding of the photoinduced charge transfer processes occurring at the photocathode/electrolyte interface. We demonstrate via advanced photophysical characterization that surface hydroxyl groups formed at the NiO/water interface not only promote photoinduced hole transfer from the dye into NiO, but also enhance the rate of charge recombination. Both processes are significantly slower when the photocathode is exposed to dry acetonitrile, while in air an intermediate behavior is observed. These data suggest that highly efficient devices can be developed by balancing the quantity of surface hydroxyl groups of NiO, and presumably of other p-type metal oxide semiconductors.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Activation of Unstrained C(Aryl)-C(Alkyl) Bonds in 2,2'-Methylenediphenols Abstract: Catalytic activation of unstrained and nonpolar C-C bonds remains a largely unmet challenge. Here, we describe our detailed efforts in developing a rhodium-catalyzed hydrogenolysis of unstrained C(aryl)-C(alkyl) bonds in 2,2'-methylenediphenols aided by removable directing groups. Good yields of the monophenol products are obtained with tolerating a wide range of functional groups. In addition, the reaction is scalable, and the catalyst loading can be reduced to as low as 0.5 mol %. Moreover, this method proves to be effective to cleave C(aryl)-C(alkyl) linkages in both models of phenolic resins and commercial novolacs resins. Finally, detailed experimental and computational mechanistic studies show that with C-H activation being a competitive but reversible off-cycle reaction, this transformation goes through a directed C(aryl)-C(alkyl) oxidative addition pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Ruthenium-Catalyzed Reductive Cleavage of Unstrained Aryl-Aryl Bonds: Reaction Development and Mechanistic Study Abstract: Cleavage of carbon-carbon bonds has been found in some important industrial processes, for example, petroleum cracking, and has inspired development of numerous synthetic methods. However, nonpolar unstrained C(aryl)-C(aryl) bonds remain one of the toughest bonds to be activated. As a detailed study of a fundamental reaction mode, here a full story is described about our development of a Ru-catalyzed reductive cleavage of unstrained C(aryl)-C(aryl) bonds. A wide range of biaryl compounds that contain directing groups (DGs) at 2,2' positions can serve as effective substrates. Various heterocycles, such as pyridine, quinoline, pyrimidine, and pyrazole, can be employed as DGs. Besides hydrogen gas, other reagents, such as Hantzsch ester, silanes, and alcohols, can be employed as terminal reductants. The reaction is pH neutral and free of oxidants; thus a number of functional groups are tolerated. Notably, a one-pot C-C activation/C-C coupling has been realized. Computational and experimental mechanistic studies indicate that the reaction involves a ruthenium(II) monohydride-mediated C(aryl)-C(aryl) activation and the resting state of the catalyst is a η4-coordinated ruthenium(II) dichloride complex, which could inspire development of other transformations based on this reaction mode.	0
Abstract2class: Solution-Processable Carbon Nanoelectrodes for Single-Molecule Investigations Abstract: Here we present a solution-based assembly method for producing molecular transport junctions employing metallic single-walled carbon nanotubes as nanoelectrodes. The molecular junction conductance of a series of oligophenyls was successfully measured, highlighting the potential of an all-carbon based approach for the fabrication of solution-processable single-molecule junctions for molecular electronics.	0
Abstract2class: FeII4L4 Tetrahedron Binds to Nonpaired DNA Bases Abstract: A water-soluble self-assembled supramolecular FeII4L4 tetrahedron binds to single stranded DNA, mismatched DNA base pairs, and three-way DNA junctions. Binding of the coordination cage quenches fluorescent labels on the DNA strand, which provides an optical means to detect the interaction and allows the position of the binding site to be gauged with respect to the fluorescent label. Utilizing the quenching and binding properties of the coordination cage, we developed a simple and rapid detection method based on fluorescence quenching to detect unpaired bases in double-stranded DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic insights into the LsrK kinase required for autoinducer-2 quorum sensing activation Abstract: In enteric bacteria, the kinase LsrK catalyzes the phosphorylation of the C5-hydroxyl group in the linear form of 4,5-dihydroxy-2,3-pentanedione (DPD), the precursor of the type II bacterial quorum sensing molecule (AI-2). This phosphorylation is required for AI-2 sequestration in the cytoplasm and subsequent derepression of AI-2-related genes necessary for quorum development. While LsrK is a critical enzyme within the DPD quorum sensing relay system, kinetic details of this kinase have yet to be reported. A continuous UV-vis spectrophotometric assay was developed that allowed steady-state kinetic analysis of LsrK to be undertaken with the substrates ATP and DPD. The data was most consistent with a rapid equilibrium ordered mechanism with ATP binding first: kcat (7.4 ± 0.6 s(-1)), Km,ATP (150 ± 30 μM) and Km(app),DPD (1.0 ± 0.2 mM). The assay also allowed a DPD substrate profile to be conducted, which provided an unexpected biochemical disconnect between the previous agonist/antagonist cell-based reporter assay and the LsrK assay presented herein. Together these findings raise the importance of LsrK and lay the foundation not only for further understanding of this enzyme and its critical biological role but also for the rational design of regulatory molecules targeting AI-2 quorum sensing in pathogenic bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Accessing Multiple Classes of 2 H-Indazoles: Mechanistic Implications for the Cadogan and Davis-Beirut Reactions Abstract: The Cadogan cyclization is a robust but harsh method for the synthesis of 2 H-indazoles, a valuable class of nitrogen heterocycles. Although nitrene generation by exhaustive deoxygenation is widely accepted as the operating mechanism in the reductive cyclization of nitroaromatics, non-nitrene pathways have only been theorized previously. Here, 2 H-indazole N-oxides were synthesized through an interrupted Cadogan/Davis-Beirut reaction and are presented as direct evidence of competent oxygenated intermediates; mechanistic implications for both reactions are discussed. Isolation and characterization of these N-oxides enabled a formal Cadogan cyclization at room temperature for 2 H-indazole synthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Transparent conductors from carbon nanotubes LBL-assembled with polymer dopant with π-π electron transfer Abstract: Single-walled carbon nanotube (SWNT) and other carbon-based coatings are being considered as replacements for indium tin oxide (ITO). The problems of transparent conductors (TCs) coatings from SWNT and similar materials include poor mechanical properties, high roughness, low temperature resilience, and fast loss of conductivity. The simultaneous realization of these desirable characteristics can be achieved using high structural control of layer-by-layer (LBL) deposition, which is demonstrated by the assembly of hydroethyl cellulose (HOCS) and sulfonated polyetheretherketone (SPEEK)-SWNTs. A new type of SWNT doping based on electron transfer from valence bands of nanotubes to unoccupied levels of SPEEK through π-π interactions was identified for this system. It leads to a conductivity of 1.1 × 10(5) S/m at 66 wt % loadings of SWNT. This is better than other polymer/SWNT composites and translates into surface conductivity of 920 Ω/◻ and transmittance of 86.7% at 550 nm. The prepared LBL films also revealed unusually high temperature resilience up to 500 °C, and low roughness of 3.5 nm (ITO glass -2.4 nm). Tensile modulus, ultimate strength, and toughness of such coatings are 13 ± 2 GPa, 366 ± 35 MPa, and 8 ± 3 kJ/m(3), respectively, and exceed corresponding parameters of all similar TCs. The cumulative figure of merit, ∏(TC), which included the critical failure strain relevant for flexible electronics, was ∏(TC) = 0.022 and should be compared to ∏(TC) = 0.006 for commercial ITO. Further optimization is possible using stratified nanoscale coatings and improved doping from the macromolecular LBL components.	0
Abstract2class: From synthesis to biologics: preclinical data on a chemistry derived anticancer vaccine Abstract: A fully synthetic anticancer vaccine 2 has been prepared via bioconjugation of unimolecular pentavalent construct 1-containing five prostate and breast cancer associated carbohydrate antigens, Globo-H, GM2, STn, TF and Tn-to maleimide-modified carrier protein KLH. An improved conjugation protocol has been developed, which allowed us to obtain a higher epitope ratio of the unimolecular pentavalent glycopeptide antigen to the carrier protein (505/1 versus 228/1 for the previous version). KLH conjugate 2 has been subsequently submitted to preclinical immunogenic evaluation in mice in the presence of QS-21 as an adjuvant. Through standard ELISA assay, this vaccine candidate showed high promise in inducing IgG and IgM antibodies against each of the five individual carbohydrate antigens. In addition, FACS analysis indicated that these antibodies were able to react with MCF-7 breast cancer cell lines expressing these five carbohydrate antigens.	0
Abstract2class: Biologics through chemistry: total synthesis of a proposed dual-acting vaccine targeting ovarian cancer by orchestration of oligosaccharide and polypeptide domains Abstract: Carbohydrate and peptide-based antitumor vaccine constructs featuring clusters of both tumor associated carbohydrate antigens and mucin-like peptide epitopes have been designed, synthesized, and studied. The mucin-based epitopes are included to act, potentially, as T-cell epitopes in order to provoke a strong immune response. Hopefully the vaccine will simulate cell surface architecture, thereby provoking levels of immunity against cancer cell types displaying such characteristics. With this central idea in mind, we designed a new vaccine type against ovarian cancer. Following advances in glycohistology, our design is based on clusters of Gb(3) antigen and also incorporates a MUC5AC peptide epitope. The vaccine is among the most complex targeted constructs to be assembled by chemical synthesis to date. The strategy for the synthesis employed a Gb(3)-MUC5AC thioester cassette as a key building block. Syntheses of both nonconjugate and KLH-conjugated vaccines constructs have been accomplished.	0
Abstract2class: Oxygen-18 Kinetic Isotope Effects of Nonheme Iron Enzymes HEPD and MPnS Support Iron(III) Superoxide as the Hydrogen Abstraction Species Abstract: Nonheme iron oxygenases that carry out four-electron oxidations of substrate have been proposed to employ iron(III) superoxide species to initiate this reaction [Paria, S.; Que, L.; Paine, T. K. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 2011, 50, 11129]. Here we report experimental evidence in support of this proposal. (18)O KIEs were measured for two recently discovered mononuclear nonheme iron oxygenases: hydroxyethylphosphonate dioxygenase (HEPD) and methylphosphonate synthase (MPnS). Competitive (18)O KIEs measured with deuterated substrates are larger than those measured with unlabeled substrates, which indicates that C-H cleavage must occur before an irreversible reductive step at molecular oxygen. A similar observation was previously used to implicate copper(II) superoxide in the H-abstraction reactions catalyzed by dopamine β-monooxygenase [Tian, G. C.; Klinman, J. P. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1993, 115, 8891] and peptidylglycine α-hydroxylating monooxygenase [Francisco, W. A.; Blackburn, N. J.; Klinman, J. P. Biochemistry 2003, 42, 1813].	0
Abstract2class: Solvent and Temperature Probes of the Long-Range Electron-Transfer Step in Tyramine β-Monooxygenase: Demonstration of a Long-Range Proton-Coupled Electron-Transfer Mechanism Abstract: Tyramine β-monooxygenase (TβM) belongs to a family of physiologically important dinuclear copper monooxygenases that function with a solvent-exposed active site. To accomplish each enzymatic turnover, an electron transfer (ET) must occur between two solvent-separated copper centers. In wild-type TβM, this event is too fast to be rate limiting. However, we have recently shown [Osborne, R. L.; et al. Biochemistry 2013, 52, 1179] that the Tyr216Ala variant of TβM leads to rate-limiting ET. In this study, we present a pH-rate profile study of Tyr216Ala, together with deuterium oxide solvent kinetic isotope effects (KIEs). A solvent KIE of 2 on kcat is found in a region where kcat is pH/pD independent. As a control, the variant Tyr216Trp, for which ET is not rate determining, displays a solvent KIE of unity. We conclude, therefore, that the observed solvent KIE arises from the rate-limiting ET step in the Tyr216Ala variant, and show how small solvent KIEs (ca. 2) can be fully accommodated from equilibrium effects within the Marcus equation. To gain insight into the role of the enzyme in the long-range ET step, a temperature dependence study was also pursued. The small enthalpic barrier of ET (Ea = 3.6 kcal/mol) implicates a significant entropic barrier, which is attributed to the requirement for extensive rearrangement of the inter-copper environment during PCET catalyzed by the Tyr216Ala variant. The data lead to the proposal of a distinct inter-domain pathway for PCET in the dinuclear copper monooxygenases.	0
Abstract2class: Rate limiting step precedes C-C bond formation in the archetypical proline-catalyzed intramolecular aldol reaction Abstract: The archetypical proline-catalyzed intramolecular aldol reaction, the Hajos-Parrish-Eder-Sauer-Wiechert reaction, has served as a model reaction for the mechanistic study of the ever-growing class of proline-catalyzed conversions. Experimental measurements of the (13)C kinetic isotope effects for this reaction show conclusively that carbon-carbon bond formation is not rate-limiting.	0
Abstract2class: Noncanonical self-assembly of multifunctional DNA nanoflowers for biomedical applications Abstract: DNA nanotechnology has been extensively explored to assemble various functional nanostructures for versatile applications. Mediated by Watson-Crick base-pairing, these DNA nanostructures have been conventionally assembled through hybridization of many short DNA building blocks. Here we report the noncanonical self-assembly of multifunctional DNA nanostructures, termed as nanoflowers (NFs), and the versatile biomedical applications. These NFs were assembled from long DNA building blocks generated via rolling circle replication (RCR) of a designer template. NF assembly was driven by liquid crystallization and dense packaging of building blocks, without relying on Watson-Crick base-pairing between DNA strands, thereby avoiding the otherwise conventional complicated DNA sequence design. NF sizes were readily tunable in a wide range, by simply adjusting such parameters as assembly time and template sequences. NFs were exceptionally resistant to nuclease degradation, denaturation, or dissociation at extremely low concentration, presumably resulting from the dense DNA packaging in NFs. The exceptional biostability is critical for biomedical applications. By rational design, NFs can be readily incorporated with myriad functional moieties. All these properties make NFs promising for versatile applications. As a proof-of-principle demonstration, in this study, NFs were integrated with aptamers, bioimaging agents, and drug loading sites, and the resultant multifunctional NFs were demonstrated for selective cancer cell recognition, bioimaging, and targeted anticancer drug delivery.	0
Abstract2class: Stereochemistry of Transition Metal Complexes Controlled by the Metallo-Anomeric Effect Abstract: The use of stereoelectronic interactions to control reactivity and selectivity has a long history in chemistry. The anomeric effect, one of the fundamental concepts in organic chemistry, describes the preferences of a substituent at the anomeric carbon in glycosides to adopt axial configuration when the anomeric group is an electronegative element such as oxygen or a halogen. The origin of the anomeric effect has been the subject of intense debate. Explanations capitalizing on either the delocalization of the endocyclic oxygen lone pair into the antibonding σ*(C-X) orbital or the minimization of the dipole-dipole interactions are currently the two leading theoretical models. Although the majority of experimental and theoretical studies have focused on the elements from groups 6 and 7, little is known about conformational preferences of tetrahydropyran rings substituted with a transition metal at the anomeric carbon and the role of these interactions in stereoselective synthesis. Here, we report studies on conformational and configurational preferences of organometallic complexes stabilized by vicinal heteroatoms. We provide computational evidence that late transition metals adopt the axial position in heterocycles or synclinal geometry in acyclic systems. Furthermore, the anomeric preferences of late transition metals correlate with the oxidation state of the metal and can be explained by hyperconjugative interactions between endocyclic heteroatom and the σ* acceptor orbitals of the C-M bond. In a broader context, this discovery provides insight into the role of previously unanticipated stereoelectronic effects that can be harnessed in the design of stereoselective reactions, including chemical glycosylation and enantioselective catalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic and Photochemical Strategies to Stabilized Radicals Based on Anomeric Nucleophiles Abstract: Carbohydrates, one of the three primary macromolecules of living organisms, play significant roles in various biological processes such as intercellular communication, cell recognition, and immune activity. While the majority of established methods for the installation of carbohydrates through the anomeric carbon rely on nucleophilic displacement, anomeric radicals represent an attractive alternative because of their functional group compatibility and high anomeric selectivities. Herein, we demonstrate that anomeric nucleophiles such as C1 stannanes can be converted into anomeric radicals by merging Cu(I) catalysis with blue light irradiation to achieve highly stereoselective C(sp3)-S cross-coupling reactions. Mechanistic studies and DFT calculations revealed that the C-S bond-forming step occurs via the transfer of the anomeric radical directly to a sulfur electrophile bound to Cu(II) species. This pathway complements a radical chain observed for photochemical metal-free conditions where a disulfide initiator can be activated by a Lewis base additive. Both strategies utilize anomeric nucleophiles as efficient radical donors and achieve a switch from an ionic to a radical pathway. Taken together, the stability of glycosyl nucleophiles, a broad substrate scope, and high anomeric selectivities observed for the thermal and photochemical protocols make this novel C-S cross coupling a practical tool for late-stage glycodiversification of bioactive natural products and drug candidates.	0
Abstract2class: Stereoretentive C( sp3)-S Cross-Coupling Abstract: We report a stereoretentive cross-coupling reaction of configurationally stable nucleophiles with disulfide and N-sulfenylsuccinimide donors promoted by Cu(I). We demonstrate the utility of this method in the synthesis of thioglycosides derived from simple alkyl and aryl thiols, thioglycosides, and in the glycodiversification of cysteine residues in peptides. These reactions operate well with carbohydrate substrates containing common protective groups and reagents with free hydroxyl and secondary amide functionalities under standardized conditions. Competition experiments in combination with computational DFT studies established that the putative anomeric intermediate is an organocopper species that is configurationally stable and resistant to epimerization due to its short lifetime. The subsequent reductive elimination from the Cu(III) intermediate is rapid and stereoretentive. Taken together, the glycosyl cross-coupling is ideally suited for late stage glycodiversification and bioconjugation under highly controlled installation of the aliphatic carbon-sulfur bonds.	0
Abstract2class: Glycosyl Cross-Coupling of Anomeric Nucleophiles: Scope, Mechanism, and Applications in the Synthesis of Aryl C-Glycosides Abstract: Stereoselective manipulations at the C1 anomeric position of saccharides are one of the central goals of preparative carbohydrate chemistry. Historically, the majority of reactions forming a bond with anomeric carbon has focused on reactions of nucleophiles with saccharide donors equipped with a leaving group. Here, we describe a novel approach to stereoselective synthesis of C-aryl glycosides capitalizing on the highly stereospecific reaction of anomeric nucleophiles. First, methods for the preparation of anomeric stannanes have been developed and optimized to afford both anomers of common saccharides in high anomeric selectivities. We established that oligosaccharide stannanes could be prepared from monosaccharide stannanes via O-glycosylation with Schmidt-type donors, glycal epoxides, or under dehydrative conditions with C1 alcohols. Second, we identified a general set of catalytic conditions with Pd2(dba)3 (2.5 mol%) and a bulky ligand (JackiePhos, 10 mol%) controlling the β-elimination pathway. We demonstrated that the glycosyl cross-coupling resulted in consistently high anomeric selectivities for both anomers with mono- and oligosaccharides, deoxysugars, saccharides with free hydroxyl groups, pyranose, and furanose substrates. The versatility of the glycosyl cross-coupling reaction was probed in the total synthesis of salmochelins (siderophores) and commercial anti-diabetic drugs (gliflozins). Combined experimental and computational studies revealed that the β-elimination pathway is suppressed for biphenyl-type ligands due to the shielding of Pd(II) by sterically demanding JackiePhos, whereas smaller ligands, which allow for the formation of a Pd-F complex, predominantly result in a glycal product. Similar steric effects account for the diminished rates of cross-couplings of 1,2-cis C1-stannanes with aryl halides. DFT calculations also revealed that the transmetalation occurs via a cyclic transition state with retention of configuration at the anomeric position. Taken together, facile access to both anomers of various glycoside nucleophiles, a broad reaction scope, and uniformly high transfer of anomeric configuration make the glycosyl cross-coupling reaction a practical tool for the synthesis of bioactive natural products, drug candidates, allowing for late-stage glycodiversification studies with small molecules and biologics.	0
Abstract2class: ZnCl2 Mediated Synthesis of InAs Nanocrystals with Aminoarsine Abstract: The most developed approaches for the synthesis of InAs nanocrystals (NCs) rely on pyrophoric, toxic, and not readily available tris-trimethylsilyl (or tris-trimethylgermil) arsine precursors. Less toxic and commercially available chemicals, such as tris(dimethylamino)arsine, have recently emerged as alternative As precursors. Nevertheless, InAs NCs made with such compounds need to be further optimized in terms of size distribution and optical properties in order to meet the standard reached with tris-trimethylsilyl arsine. To this aim, in this work we investigated the role of ZnCl2 used as an additive in the synthesis of InAs NCs with tris(dimethylamino)arsine and alane N,N-dimethylethylamine as the reducing agent. We discovered that ZnCl2 helps not only to improve the size distribution of InAs NCs but also to passivate their surface acting as a Z-type ligand. The presence of ZnCl2 on the surface of the NCs and the excess of Zn precursor used in the synthesis enable the subsequent in situ growth of a ZnSe shell, which is realized by simply adding the Se precursor to the crude reaction mixture. The resulting InAs@ZnSe core@shell NCs exhibit photoluminescence emission at ∼860 nm with a quantum yield as high as 42±4%, which is a record for such heterostructures, given the relatively high mismatch (6%) between InAs and ZnSe. Such bright emission was ascribed to the formation, under our peculiar reaction conditions, of an In-Zn-Se intermediate layer between the core and the shell, as indicated by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy and elemental analyses, which helps to release the strain between the two materials.	0
Abstract2class: Extraordinary Redox Activities in Ladder-Type Conjugated Molecules Enabled by B ← N Coordination-Promoted Delocalization and Hyperconjugation Abstract: The introduction of B ← N coordinate bond-isoelectronic to C-C single bond-into π-systems represents a promising strategy to impart exotic redox and electrochromic properties into conjugated organic molecules and macromolecules. To achieve both reductive and oxidative activities using this strategy, a cruciform ladder-type molecular constitution was designed to accommodate oxidation-active, reduction-active, and B ← N coordination units into a compact structure. Two such compounds (BN-F and BN-Ph) were synthesized via highly efficient N-directed borylation. These molecules demonstrated well-separated, two reductive and two oxidative electron-transfer processes, corresponding to five distinct yet stable oxidation states, including a rarely observed boron-containing radical cation. Spectroelectrochemical measurements revealed unique optical characteristics for each of these reduced/oxidized species, demonstrating multicolor electrochromism with excellent recyclability. Distinct color changes were observed between each redox state with clear isosbestic points on the absorption spectra. The underlying redox mechanism was elucidated by a combination of computational and experimental investigations. Single-crystal X-ray diffraction analysis on the neutral state, the oxidized radical cation, and the reduced dianion of BN-Ph revealed structural transformations into two distinct quinonoid constitutions during the oxidation and reduction processes, respectively. B ← N coordination played an important role in rendering the robust and reversible multistage redox properties, by extending the charge and spin delocalization, by modulating the π-electron density, and by a newly established hyperconjugation mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: Elusive metal-free primary amination of arylboronic acids: synthetic studies and mechanism by density functional theory Abstract: Herein, we disclose the first metal-free synthesis of primary aromatic amines from arylboronic acids, a reaction that has eluded synthetic chemists for decades. This remarkable transformation affords structurally diverse primary arylamines in good chemical yields, including a variety of halogenated primary anilines that often cannot be prepared via transition-metal-catalyzed amination. The reaction is operationally simple, requires only a slight excess of aminating agent, proceeds under neutral or basic conditions, and, importantly, can be scaled up to provide multigram quantities of primary anilines. Density functional calculations reveal that the most likely mechanism involves a facile 1,2-aryl migration and that the presence of an ortho nitro group in the aminating agent plays a critical role in lowering the free energy barrier of the 1,2-aryl migration step.	0
Abstract2class: Kinetic isolation and characterization of the radical rearrangement step in coenzyme B12-dependent ethanolamine ammonia-lyase Abstract: The transient decay reaction kinetics of the 1,1,2,2-(2)H(4)-aminoethanol generated Co(II)-substrate radical pair catalytic intermediate in ethanolamine ammonia-lyase (EAL) from Salmonella typhimurium have been measured by using time-resolved, full-spectrum X-band continuous-wave electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy in frozen aqueous solution over the temperature range of 190-207 K. The decay reaction involves sequential passage through the rearrangement step [substrate radical --> product radical] and the step [product radical --> diamagnetic product] that involves hydrogen atom transfer (HT) from carbon C5' of the adenosine moiety of the cofactor to the product radical C2 center. As found for the (1)H-substrate radical [Zhu, C.; Warncke, K. Biophys. J. 2008, 95, 5890], the decay kinetics for the (2)H-substrate radical over 190-207 K represent two noninteracting populations (fast decay population: normalized amplitude = 0.44 +/- 0.07; observed rate constant, k(obs,f) = 5.3 x 10(-5)-1.1 x 10(-3) s(-1); slow decay population: k(obs,s) = 6.1 x 10(-6)-2.9 x 10(-4) s(-1)). The (1)H/(2)H isotope effects (IE) for the fast and slow decay reactions are 1.4 +/- 0.2 and 0.79 +/- 0.11, respectively. The IE on the fast phase is uniform over the temperature interval, and the value is consistent with an alpha-secondary hydrogen kinetic IE, which arises from changes in the force constants of the C-H bonds in the substrate radical structure, upon passing from the substrate radical state to the rearrangement transition state. Therefore, we propose that k(obs,f) represents the rate constant for the radical rearrangement and that this step is the rate-determining step in substrate radical decay. The Arrhenius activation energy for the (1)H-substrate radical rearrangement (13.5 +/- 0.4 kcal/mol) is consistent with values from quantum chemical calculations performed on simple models. The results show that the core, radical rearrangement reaction is culled from the catalytic cycle in the low-temperature system, thus establishing the system for detailed transient kinetic and spectroscopic analysis of protein structural and dynamic contributions to EAL catalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Supramolecular Assembly of Halide Perovskite Building Blocks Abstract: The structural diversity and tunable optoelectronic properties of halide perovskites originate from the rich chemistry of the metal halide ionic octahedron [MX6]n- (M = Pb2+, Sb3+, Te4+, Sn4+, Pt4+, etc.; X = Cl-, Br-, and I-). The properties of the extended perovskite solids are dictated by the assembly, connectivity, and interaction of these octahedra within the lattice environment. Hence, the ability to manipulate and control the assembly of the octahedral building blocks is paramount for constructing new perovskite materials. Here, we propose a systematic supramolecular strategy for the assembly of [MX6]n- octahedra into a solid extended network. Interaction of alkali metal-bound crown ethers with the [M(IV)X6]2- octahedron resulted in a structurally and optoelectronically tunable "dumbbell" structural unit in solution. Single crystals with diverse packing geometries and symmetries will form as the solid assembly of this new supramolecular building block. This supramolecular assembly route introduces a new general strategy for designing halide perovskite structures with potentially new optoelectronic properties.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Asymmetric Synthesis of Unprotected β2-Amino Acids Abstract: We report here a scalable, catalytic one-pot approach to enantiopure and unmodified β2-amino acids. A newly developed confined imidodiphosphorimidate (IDPi) catalyzes a broadly applicable reaction of diverse bis-silyl ketene acetals with a silylated aminomethyl ether, followed by hydrolytic workup, to give free β2-amino acids in high yields, purity, and enantioselectivity. Importantly, both aromatic and aliphatic β2-amino acids can be obtained using this method. Mechanistic studies are consistent with the aminomethylation to proceed via silylium-based asymmetric counteranion-directed catalysis (Si-ACDC) and a transition state to explain the enantioselectivity is suggested on the basis of density functional theory calculation.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient Stereoselective Carbocyclization to cis-1,4-Disubstituted Heterocycles Enabled by Dual Pd/Electron Transfer Mediator (ETM) Catalysis Abstract: An efficient Pd/ETM (ETM = electron transfer mediator)-cocatalyzed stereoselective oxidative carbocyclization of dienallenes under aerobic oxidation conditions has been developed to afford six-membered heterocycles. The use of a bifunctional cobalt complex [Co(salophen)-HQ] as hybrid ETM gave a faster aerobic oxidation than the use of separated ETMs, indicating that intramolecular electron transfer between the hydroquinone unit and the oxidized metal macrocycle occurs. In this way, a class of important cis-1,4-disubstituted six-membered heterocycles, including dihydropyran and tetrahydropyridine derivatives were obtained in high diastereoselectivity with good functional group compatibility. The experimental and computational (DFT) studies reveal that the pendent olefin does not only act as an indispensable element for the initial allene attack involving allenic C(sp3)-H bond cleavage, but it also induces a face-selective reaction of the olefin of the allylic group, leading to a highly diastereoselective formation of the product. Finally, the deuterium kinetic isotope effects measured suggest that the initial allenic C(sp3)-H bond cleavage is the rate-limiting step, which was supported by DFT calculations.	0
Abstract2class: Highly Selective Palladium-Catalyzed Hydroborylative Carbocyclization of Bisallenes to Seven-Membered Rings Abstract: A highly selective palladium-catalyzed hydroborylative carbocyclization of bisallenes to afford seven-membered rings has been established. This ring-closing coupling reaction showed good functional group compatibility with high chemo- and regioselectivity, as seven-membered ring 3 was the only product obtained. The extensive use of different linkers, including nitrogen, oxygen, malononitrile, and malonate, showed a broad substrate scope for this approach. A one-pot cascade reaction was realized by trapping the primary allylboron compound with an aldehyde, affording a diastereomerically pure alcohol and a quaternary carbon center by formation of a new C-C bond. A comprehensive mechanistic DFT investigation is also presented. The calculations suggest that the reaction proceeds via a concerted hydropalladation pathway from a Pd(0)-olefin complex rather than via a pathway involving a defined palladium hydride species. The reaction was significantly accelerated by the coordination of the pendant olefin, as well as the introduction of suitable substituents in the bridge, due to the Thorpe-Ingold effect.	0
Abstract2class: Highly Selective Cascade C-C Bond Formation via Palladium- Catalyzed Oxidative Carbonylation-Carbocyclization-Carbonylation-Alkynylation of Enallenes Abstract: A highly efficient palladium-catalyzed oxidative cascade reaction of enallenes undergoing overall four C-C bond formations has been developed. The insertion cascade proceeds via carbonylation-carbocyclization-carbonylation-alkynylation involving sequential insertion of carbon monoxide, olefin, and carbon monoxide. Furthermore, different types of terminal alkynes and functionalized enallenes have been investigated and found to undergo the cascade reaction under mild reaction conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Pore Engineering for One-Step Ethylene Purification from a Three-Component Hydrocarbon Mixture Abstract: Ethylene production from C2 hydrocarbon mixtures through one separation step is desirable but challenging because of the similar size and physical properties of acetylene, ethylene, and ethane. Herein, we report three new isostructural porous coordination networks (NPU-1, NPU-2, NPU-3; NPU represents Northwestern Polytechnical University) that are sustained by 9-connected nodes based upon a hexanuclear metal cluster of composition [Mn6(μ3-O)2(CH3COO)3]6+. NPU-1/2/3 exhibit a dual cage structure that was systematically fine-tuned in terms of cage size to realize selective adsorption of C2H2 and C2H6 over C2H4. Dynamic breakthrough experiments demonstrated that NPU-1 produces ethylene in >99.9% purity from a three-component gas mixture (1:1:1 C2H2/C2H4/C2H6). Molecular modeling studies revealed that the dual adsorption preference for C2H2 and C2H6 over C2H4 originates from (a) strong hydrogen-bonding interactions between electronegative carboxylate O atoms and C2H2 molecules in one cage and (b) multiple non-covalent interactions between the organic linkers of the host network and C2H6 molecules in the second cage.	0
Abstract2class: Matching Glycosyl Donor Reactivity to Sulfonate Leaving Group Ability Permits SN2 Glycosylations Abstract: Here we demonstrate that highly β-selective glycosylation reactions can be achieved when the electronics of a sulfonyl chloride activator and the reactivity of a glycosyl donor hemiacetal are matched. While these reactions are compatible with the acid- and base-sensitive protecting groups that are commonly used in oligosaccharide synthesis, these protecting groups are not relied upon to control selectivity. Instead, β-selectivity arises from the stereoinversion of an α-glycosyl arylsulfonate in an SN2-like mechanism. Our mechanistic proposal is supported by NMR studies, kinetic isotope effect (KIE) measurements, and DFT calculations.	0
Abstract2class: A Dinuclear Mechanism Implicated in Controlled Carbene Polymerization Abstract: Carbene polymerization provides polyolefins that cannot be readily prepared from olefin monomers; however, controlled and living carbene polymerization has been a long-standing challenge. Here we report a new class of initiators, (π-allyl)palladium carboxylate dimers, which polymerize ethyl diazoacetate, a carbene precursor in a controlled and quasi-living manner, with nearly quantitative yields, degrees of polymerization >100, molecular weight dispersities 1.2-1.4, and well-defined, diversifiable chain ends. This method also provides block copolycarbenes that undergo microphase segregation. Experimental and theoretical mechanistic analysis supports a new dinuclear mechanism for this process.	0
Abstract2class: Migratory Insertion of Carbenes into Au(III)-C Bonds Abstract: Migratory insertion of carbon-based species into transition-metal-carbon bonds is a mechanistic manifold of vast significance: it underlies the Fischer-Tropsch process, Mizoroki-Heck reaction, Ziegler-Natta and analogous late-transition-metal-catalyzed olefin polymerizations, and a number of carbonylative methods for the synthesis of ketones and esters, among others. Although this type of reactivity is well-precedented for most transition metals, gold constitutes a notable exception, with virtually no well-characterized examples known to date. Yet, the complementary reactivity of gold to numerous other transition metals would offer new synthetic opportunities for migratory insertion of carbon-based species into gold-carbon bonds. Here we report the discovery of well-defined Au(III) complexes that participate in rapid migratory insertion of carbenes derived from silyl- or carbonyl-stabilized diazoalkanes into Au-C bonds at temperatures ≥ -40 °C. Through a combined theoretical and experimental approach, key kinetic, thermodynamic, and structural details of this reaction manifold were elucidated. This study paves the way for homogeneous gold-catalyzed processes incorporating carbene migratory insertion steps.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid Construction of Tetralin, Chromane, and Indane Motifs via Cyclative C-H/C-H Coupling: Four-Step Total Synthesis of (±)-Russujaponol F Abstract: The development of practical C-H/C-H coupling reactions remains a challenging yet appealing synthetic venture because it circumvents the need to prefunctionalize both coupling partners for the generation of C-C bonds. Herein we report a cyclative C(sp3)-H/C(sp2)-H coupling reaction of free aliphatic acids enabled by a cyclopentane-based mono-N-protected β-amino acid ligand. This reaction uses inexpensive sodium percarbonate (Na2CO3·1.5H2O2) as the sole oxidant and generates water as the only byproduct. A range of biologically important scaffolds, including tetralins, chromanes, and indanes, can be easily prepared by this protocol. Finally, the synthetic application of this methodology is demonstrated by the concise total synthesis of (±)-russujaponol F in a four-step sequence starting from readily available phenylacetic acid and pivalic acid through sequential functionalizations of four C-H bonds.	0
Abstract2class: Pd(II)-Catalyzed Enantioselective γ-C(sp3)-H Functionalizations of Free Cyclopropylmethylamines Abstract: Prized for their ability to reliably forge stereocenters with precise regiocontrol from simple and abundant starting materials, substrate-directable enantioselective reactions are widely used in modern organic synthesis. As such, enantioselective C(sp3)-H functionalization reactions directed by innate functional groups could provide new routes to introduce molecular complexity within the inert hydrocarbon moiety, but to date this approach has been met with little success. While free primary aliphatic amines are common, versatile intermediates in synthesis, they are traditionally unreactive in C(sp3)-H activation reactions. Herein we report the Pd-catalyzed enantioselective C(sp3)-H functionalization of free aliphatic amines (cyclopropylmethylamines) enabled by a chiral bidentate thioether ligand. This ligand's privileged bidentate coordination mode and thioether motif favor the generation of the requisite mono(amine)-Pd(II) intermediate, thus enabling the enantioselective C-H activation of free amines. The resulting C-Pd(II) species could engage in either Pd(II)/Pd(IV) or Pd(II)/Pd(0) catalytic cycles, enabling access to a diverse range of products through (hetero)arylation, carbonylation, and olefination reactions. Consequently, this versatile reactivity offers medicinal chemists a general strategy to rapidly prepare and functionalize biologically relevant amines.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-Enabled Monoselective β-C(sp3)-H Acyloxylation of Free Carboxylic Acids Using a Practical Oxidant Abstract: The development of C-H activation reactions that use inexpensive and practical oxidants remains a significant challenge. Until our recent disclosure of the β-lactonization of free aliphatic acids, the use of peroxides in C-H activation reactions directed by weakly coordinating native functional groups was unreported. Herein, we report C(sp3)-H β-acetoxylation and γ-, δ-, and ε-lactonization reactions of free carboxylic acids enabled by a novel cyclopentane-based mono-N-protected β-amino acid ligand. Notably, tert-butyl hydrogen peroxide is used as the sole oxidant for these reactions. This reaction has several key advantages over other C-H activation protocols: (1) exclusive monoselectivity was observed in the presence of two α-methyl groups; (2) aliphatic carboxylic acids containing α-hydrogens are compatible with this protocol; (3) lactonization of free acids, affording γ-, δ-, or ε-lactones, has been achieved for the first time.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-Enabled β-C(sp3)-H Olefination of Free Carboxylic Acids Abstract: An acetyl-protected aminoethyl phenyl thioether has been developed to promote C(sp3)-H activation. Significant ligand enhancement is demonstrated by the realization of the first Pd(II)-catalyzed olefination of C(sp3)-H bonds of free carboxylic acids without using an auxiliary. Subsequent lactonization of the olefinated product via 1,4 addition provided exclusively monoselectivity in the presence of multiple β-C-H bonds. The product γ-lactone can be readily opened to give either the highly valuable β-olefinated or γ-hydroxylated aliphatic acids. Considering the challenges in developing Heck couplings using alkyl halides, this reaction offers a useful alternative.	0
Abstract2class: NMR-based conformational ensembles explain pH-gated opening and closing of OmpG channel Abstract: The outer membrane protein G (OmpG) is a monomeric 33 kDa 14-stranded β-barrel membrane protein functioning as a nonspecific porin for the uptake of oligosaccharides in Escherichia coli. Two different crystal structures of OmpG obtained at different values of pH suggest a pH-gated pore opening mechanism. In these structures, extracellular loop 6 extends away from the barrel wall at neutral pH but is folded back into the pore lumen at low pH, blocking transport through the pore. Loop 6 was invisible in a previously published solution NMR structure of OmpG in n-dodecylphosphocholine micelles, presumably due to conformational exchange on an intermediate NMR time scale. Here we present an NMR paramagnetic relaxation enhancement (PRE)-based approach to visualize the conformational dynamics of loop 6 and to calculate conformational ensembles that explain the pH-gated opening and closing of the OmpG channel. The different loop conformers detected by the PRE ensemble calculations were validated by disulfide cross-linking of strategically engineered cysteines and electrophysiological single channel recordings. The results indicate a more dynamically regulated channel opening and closing than previously thought and reveal additional membrane-associated conformational ensembles at pH 6.3 and 7.0. We anticipate this approach to be generally applicable to detect and characterize functionally important conformational ensembles of membrane proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Solution NMR approaches for establishing specificity of weak heterodimerization of membrane proteins Abstract: Solution NMR provides a powerful approach for detecting complex formation involving weak to moderate intermolecular affinity. However, solution NMR has only rarely been used to detect complex formation between two membrane proteins in model membranes. The impact of specific binding on the NMR spectrum of a membrane protein can be difficult to distinguish from spectral changes that are induced by nonspecific binding and/or by changes that arise from forced cohabitation of the two proteins in a single model membrane assembly. This is particularly the case when solubility limits make it impossible to complete a titration to the point of near saturation of complex formation. In this work experiments are presented that provide the basis for establishing whether specific complex formation occurs between two membrane proteins under conditions where binding is not of high avidity. Application of these methods led to the conclusion that the membrane protein CD147 (also known as EMMPRIN or basigin) forms a specific heterodimeric complex in the membrane with the 99-residue transmembrane C-terminal fragment of the amyloid precursor protein (C99 or APP-βCTF), the latter being the immediate precursor of the amyloid-β polypeptides that are closely linked to the etiology of Alzheimer's disease.	0
Abstract2class: Cylindrical superparticles from semiconductor nanorods Abstract: In this communication, we report a synthesis of anisotropic colloidal superparticles (SPs) from CdSe/CdS semiconductor nanorods. These anisotropic SPs are cylindrical disks or stacked-disk arrays. We attribute the major driving forces controlling the SP shape to interparticle interactions between nanorods and solvophobic interactions between a superparticle and its surrounding solvent. According to their sizes (or volumes), the SPs adopt either single- or multilayered structures. In addition, these SPs exhibit linearly polarized emissions, demonstrating their potential role as useful components in devices such as polarized light-emitting diodes and electrooptical modulators.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic Polymer Hybridization with DNA and RNA Directs Nanoparticle Loading, Silencing Delivery, and Aptamer Function Abstract: We report herein discrete triplex hybridization of DNA and RNA with polyacrylates. Length-monodisperse triazine-derivatized polymers were prepared on gram-scale by reversible addition-fragmentation chain-transfer polymerization. Despite stereoregio backbone heterogeneity, the triazine polymers bind T/U-rich DNA or RNA with nanomolar affinity upon mixing in a 1:1 ratio, as judged by thermal melts, circular dichroism, gel-shift assays, and fluorescence quenching. We call these polyacrylates "bifacial polymer nucleic acids" (bPoNAs). Nucleic acid hybridization with bPoNA enables DNA loading onto polymer nanoparticles, siRNA silencing delivery, and can further serve as an allosteric trigger of RNA aptamer function. Thus, bPoNAs can serve as tools for both non-covalent bioconjugation and structure-function nucleation. It is anticipated that bPoNAs will have utility in both bio- and nanotechnology.	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of (+)-Arborisidine Abstract: The first total synthesis of arborisidine, a unique Kopsia indole alkaloid possessing a fully substituted cyclohexanone ring system with two quaternary carbons, has been achieved in seven steps in racemic format from tryptamine and in nine steps in asymmetric format from d-tryptophan methyl ester. Key elements of the design include a carefully orchestrated decyanation protocol to finalize the asymmetric formation of an aza-quaternary center that is challenging to access in optically active format via direct Pictet-Spengler cyclizations with tryptamine, a metal-promoted 6- endo-dig cyclization of an enyne to establish the second core quaternary center, and regiospecific functionalizations of the resultant complex diene to finalize the target structure. The distinct and efficient nature of the developed solution is highlighted by several unsuccessful approaches and unexpected rearrangements.	0
Abstract2class: In Situ Assembly of Platinum(II)-Metallopeptide Nanostructures Disrupts Energy Homeostasis and Cellular Metabolism Abstract: Nanostructure-based functions are omnipresent in nature and essential for the diversity of life. Unlike small molecules, which are often inhibitors of enzymes or biomimetics with established methods of elucidation, we show that functions of nanoscale structures in cells are complex and can implicate system-level effects such as the regulation of energy and redox homeostasis. Herein, we design a platinum(II)-containing tripeptide that assembles into intracellular fibrillar nanostructures upon molecular rearrangement in the presence of endogenous H2O2. The formed nanostructures blocked metabolic functions, including aerobic glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation, thereby shutting down ATP production. As a consequence, ATP-dependent actin formation and glucose metabolite-dependent histone deacetylase activity are downregulated. We demonstrate that assembly-driven nanomaterials offer a rich avenue to achieve broad-spectrum bioactivities that could provide new opportunities in drug discovery.	0
Abstract2class: Designed Conformation and Fluorescence Properties of Self-Assembled Phenazine-Cored Platinum(II) Metallacycles Abstract: A series of platinum(II) metallacycles were prepared via the coordination-driven self-assembly of a phenazine-cored dipyridyl donor with a 90° Pt(II) acceptor and various dicarboxylate donors in a 1:1:2 ratio. While the metallacycles display similar absorption profiles, they exhibit a trend of blue-shifted fluorescence emission with the decrease in the bite angles between the carboxylate building blocks. Comprehensive spectroscopic and dynamic studies as well as a computational approach were conducted, revealing that the difference in the degree of constraint imposed on the excited-state planarization of the phenazine core within these metallacycles results in their distinct photophysical behaviors. As such, a small initial difference in the dicarboxylate building blocks is amplified into distinct photophysical properties of the metallacycles, which is reminiscent of the efficient functional tuning observed in natural systems. In addition to the pre-assembly approach, the photophysical properties of a metallacycle can also be modulated using a post-assembly modification to the dicarboxylate building block, suggesting another strategy for functional tuning. This research illustrated the potential of coordination-driven self-assembly for the preparation of materials with precisely tailored functionalities at the molecular level.	0
Abstract2class: Understanding the Effects of Coordination and Self-Assembly on an Emissive Phenothiazine Abstract: The local environment surrounding luminophores can significantly influence their photophysical properties. Herein, we report the self-assembly of a highly emissive platinum(II)-based metallacage. In order to accommodate the connectivity of the platinum(II) building block used in the self-assembly process, the luminophore-containing building block adopts a highly twisted geometry relative to its free form, leading to the emergence of an emissive transition with a radiative rate constant an order of magnitude higher than that of the free luminophore. This increased rate constant is the primary driver for the 10-fold increase in quantum yield from 4.2% to 40%. Model complexes with platinum or methyl groups bound to the nitrogen were synthesized. These complexes had lower quantum yields (10% and non-emissive, respectively) due mainly to decreases in radiative rate constants. Computational studies were conducted and indicated that the excited state of the ensembles, as well as the model complexes, is a result of charge transfer to the pyridyl groups, in contrast to the free luminophore, which involves the diphenyl sulfone moiety. The differences in quantum yields can be explained by a twist in the chromophore upon coordination of platinum or methylation on the pyridyl group, leading to intersystem crossing to a triplet state. This state then becomes more emissive with the addition of platinum, which increases the radiative rate constant via the heavy atom effect. The formation of a metallacage also decreases the non-radiative rate constant by inhibiting the intramolecular motions of the incorporated luminophore.	0
Abstract2class: Aza-Rubottom Oxidation: Synthetic Access to Primary α-Aminoketones Abstract: An aza analogue of the Rubottom oxidation is reported. This facile transformation takes place at ambient temperature and directly converts silyl enol ethers to the corresponding primary α-aminoketones. The use of hexafluoroisopropanol (HFIP) as the solvent is essential for the success of this reaction. Overall this process is well-suited for the aza-functionalization and derivatization of complex organic molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Non-Deprotonative Primary and Secondary Amination of (Hetero)Arylmetals Abstract: Herein we disclose a novel method for the facile transfer of primary (-NH2) and secondary amino groups (-NHR) to heteroaryl- as well as arylcuprates at low temperature without the need for precious metal catalysts, ligands, excess reagents, protecting and/or directing groups. This one-pot transformation allows unprecedented functional group tolerance and it is well-suited for the amination of electron-rich, electron-deficient as well as structurally complex (hetero)arylmetals. In some of the cases, only catalytic amounts of a copper(I) salt is required.	0
Abstract2class: An eight residue fragment of an acyl carrier protein suffices for post-translational introduction of fluorescent pantetheinyl arms in protein modification in vitro and in vivo Abstract: Genetically encoded tags for tracking a given protein continue to be of great interest in a multitude of in vitro and in vivo contexts. Acyl carrier proteins, both free-standing and as embedded 80-100 residue domains, contain a specific serine side chain that undergoes post-translational pantetheinylation from CoASH as donor substrate. We have previously used phage display methods to select a 12 residue fragment that retains recognition for modification by the Escherichia coli phosphopantetheinyltransferase (PPTase) AcpS. In this work, we have used (15)N-HSQC based NMR titration experiments of a 12-residue peptide substrate with AcpS to identify six specifically interacting residues (S3, L4, D5, M6, W9, and L11) without the formation of any notable secondary structure. Synthesis of a corresponding octapeptide containing 5 of the 6 interacting residues generated a minimal fragment capable of efficient post-translational phosphopantetheinylation. Genetic insertion of this eight residue coding sequence into the proteins sonic hedgehog and transferrin receptor enabled good in vitro and in vivo PPTase-mediated modification by a series of fluorescent CoAs, leading to a set of fluorescent proteins with a peptide tag minimally perturbant to protein folds.	0
Abstract2class: Control of Charge Carriers Trapping and Relaxation in Hematite by Oxygen Vacancy Charge: Ab Initio Non-adiabatic Molecular Dynamics Abstract: Ultrafast charge recombination in hematite (α-Fe2O3) severely limits its applications in solar energy conversion and utilization, for instance, in photoelectrochemical water splitting. We report the first time-domain ab initio study of charge relaxation dynamics in α-Fe2O3 with and without the oxygen vacancy (Ov) defect, using non-adiabatic molecular dynamics implemented within time-dependent density functional theory. The simulations show that the hole trapping is the rate-limiting step in the electron-hole recombination process for both neutral and ionized Ov systems. The electron trapping is fast, and the trapped electron are relatively long-lived. A similar asymmetry is found for the relaxation of free charge carriers: relaxation of photoholes in the valence band is slower than relaxation of photoelectrons in the conduction band. The slower dynamics of holes offers an advantage to water oxidation at α-Fe2O3 photoanodes. Notably, the neutral Ov defect accelerates significantly the charge recombination rate, by about a factor of 30 compared to the ideal lattice, due to the stronger electron-vibrational coupling at the defect. However, the recombination rate in the ionized Ov defect is decreased by a factor of 10 with respect to the neutral defect, likely due to expansion of the local iron shell around the Ov site. The Ov defect ionization in α-Fe2O3 photoanodes is important for increasing both electrical conductivity and charge carrier lifetimes. The simulations reproduce well the time scales for the hot carrier cooling, trapping and recombination available from transient spectroscopy experiments, and suggest two alternative mechanisms for the Ov-assisted electron-hole recombination. The study provides a detailed atomistic understanding of carrier dynamics in hematite, and rationalizes the experimentally reported activation of α-Fe2O3 photoanodes by incorporation of Ov defects.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of Pyrroles through the CuH-Catalyzed Coupling of Enynes and Nitriles Abstract: Herein, we describe an efficient method to prepare polysubstituted pyrroles via a copper hydride (CuH)-catalyzed enyne-nitrile coupling reaction. This protocol accommodates both aromatic and aliphatic substituents and a broad range of functional groups, providing a variety of N-H pyrroles in good yields and with high regioselectivity. We propose that the Cu-based catalyst promotes both the initial reductive coupling and subsequent cyclization steps. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations were performed to elucidate the reaction mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: CuH-Catalyzed Asymmetric Reduction of α,β-Unsaturated Carboxylic Acids to β-Chiral Aldehydes Abstract: The copper hydride (CuH)-catalyzed enantioselective reduction of α,β-unsaturated carboxylic acids to saturated aldehydes is reported. This protocol provides a new method to access a variety of β-chiral aldehydes in good yields, with high levels of enantioselectivity and broad functional group tolerance. A reaction pathway involving a ketene intermediate is proposed based on preliminary mechanistic studies and density functional theory calculations.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective CuH-Catalyzed Hydroacylation Employing Unsaturated Carboxylic Acids as Aldehyde Surrogates Abstract: The direct asymmetric copper hydride (CuH)-catalyzed coupling of α,β-unsaturated carboxylic acids to aryl alkenes to access chiral α-aryl dialkyl ketones is reported. A variety of substrate substitution patterns, sensitive functional groups, and heterocycles are tolerated in this reaction, which significantly expands the range of accessible products compared with existing hydroacylation methodology. Although mechanistic studies are ongoing, we propose that CuH-catalyzed silylation of unsaturated acids occurs to access a uniquely effective acyl electrophilic coupling partner.	0
Abstract2class: Disodium Salts of Pseudoephedrine-Derived Myers Enolates: Stereoselectivity and Mechanism of Alkylation Abstract: Pseudoephedrine-derived dianionic Myers enolates were generated using sodium diisopropylamide (NaDA) in THF solution. The reactivities and selectivities of the disodium salts largely mirror those of the dilithium salts but without the requisite large excesses of inorganic salts (LiCl) or mandated dilute solutions. The disodium salts require careful control of temperature to preclude deleterious aggregate aging effects traced to changes in the aggregate structure and intervening O-alkylations. Structural studies and density functional theory (DFT) computations show a dominant highly symmetric polyhedron quite different from the lithium analogue. No enolate-NaDA mixed aggregates are observed with excess NaDA. Rate studies show an alkylation mechanism involving an intervening tetramer-monomer pre-equilibrium followed by rate-limiting alkylation of tetrasolvated monomers. DFT computations were conducted to explore the possible influences on stereochemistry. A crystal deriving from samples aged at ambient temperature contains six dianionic subunits and two monoanionic (alkoxide-only) subunits. A new preparation of concentrated solutions of NaDA in THF solution is described.	0
Abstract2class: Pseudophedrine-Derived Myers Enolates: Structures and Influence of Lithium Chloride on Reactivity and Mechanism Abstract: The structures and reactivities of pseudoephedrine-derived dianionic Myers enolates are examined. A combination of NMR and IR spectroscopic, crystallographic, and computational data reveal that the homoaggregated dianions form octalithiated tetramers displaying S4-symmetric Li8O8 cores and overall C2 symmetry. Computational and isotopic labeling studies reveal strong N-Li contacts in the carboxamide enolate moiety. The method of continuous variations proves deceptive, as octalithiated tetrameric homoaggregates afford hexalithiated trimeric heteroaggregates. A lithium diisopropylamide-lithium enolate mixed aggregate is found to be a C2-symmetric hexalithiated species incorporating two enolate dianions and two lithium diisopropylamide (LDA) subunits. Structural and rate studies show that lithium chloride has little effect on the dynamics of the enolate homoaggregates but forms adducts of unknown structure. Rate studies of alkylations indicate that the aging of the aggregates can have effects spanning orders of magnitude. The LiCl-enolate adduct dramatically accelerates the reaction but requires superstoichiometric quantities owing to putative autoinhibition. Efforts and progress toward eliminating the requisite large excess of LiCl are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Dual-Color Optical Recording of Bioelectric Potentials by Polymer Electrochromism Abstract: Optical recording based on voltage-sensitive fluorescent reporters allows for spatial flexibility of measuring from desired cells, but photobleaching and phototoxicity of the fluorescent labels often limit their sensitivity and recording duration. Voltage-dependent optical absorption, rather than fluorescence, of electrochromic materials, would overcome these limitations to achieve long-term optical recording of bioelectrical signals. Electrochromic materials such as PEDOT:PSS possess the property that an applied voltage can either increase or decrease the light absorption depending on the wavelength. In this work, we harness this anticorrelated light absorption at two different wavelengths to significantly improve the signal detection. With dual-color detection, electrical activity from cells produces signals of opposite polarity, while artifacts, mechanical motions, and technical noises are uncorrelated or positively correlated. Using this technique, we are able to optically record cardiac action potentials with a high signal-to-noise ratio, 10 kHz sampling rate, >15 min recording duration, and no time-dependent degradation of the signal. Furthermore, we can reliably perform multiple recording sessions from the same culture for over 25 days.	0
Abstract2class: Optical Electrophysiology: Toward the Goal of Label-Free Voltage Imaging Abstract: Measuring and monitoring the electrical signals transmitted between neurons is key to understanding the communication between neurons that underlies human perception, information processing, and decision-making. While electrode-based electrophysiology has been the gold standard, optical electrophysiology has opened up a new area in the past decade. Voltage-dependent fluorescent reporters enable voltage imaging with high spatial resolution and flexibility to choose recording locations. However, they exhibit photobleaching as well as phototoxicity and may perturb the physiology of the cell. Label-free optical electrophysiology seeks to overcome these hurdles by detecting electrical activities optically, without the incorporation of exogenous fluorophores in cells. For example, electrochromic optical recording detects neuroelectrical signals via a voltage-dependent color change of extracellular materials, and interferometric optical recording monitors membrane deformations that accompany electrical activities. Label-free optical electrophysiology, however, is in an early stage, and often has limited sensitivity and temporal resolution. In this Perspective, we review the recent progress to overcome these hurdles. We hope this Perspective will inspire developments of label-free optical electrophysiology techniques with high recording sensitivity and temporal resolution in the near future.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering bacterial transcription regulation to create a synthetic in vitro two-hybrid system for protein interaction assays Abstract: Transcriptional activation of σ(54)-RNA polymerase holoenzyme (σ(54)-RNAP) in bacteria is dependent on a cis-acting DNA element (bacterial enhancer), which recruits the bacterial enhancer-binding protein to contact the holoenzyme via DNA looping. Using a constructive synthetic biology approach, we recapitulated such process of transcriptional activation by recruitment in a reconstituted cell-free system, assembled entirely from a defined number of purified components. We further engineered the bacterial enhancer-binding protein PspF to create an in vitro two-hybrid system (IVT2H), capable of carrying out gene regulation in response to expressed protein interactions. Compared with genetic systems and other in vitro methods, IVT2H not only allows detection of different types of protein interactions in just a few hours without involving cells but also provides a general correlation of the relative binding strength of the protein interaction with the IVT2H signal. Due to its reconstituted nature, IVT2H provides a biochemical assay platform with a clean and defined background. We demonstrated the proof-of-concept of using IVT2H as an alternative assay for high throughput screening of small-molecule inhibitors of protein-protein interaction.	0
Abstract2class: Boosting Oxygen Electrocatalytic Activity of Fe-N-C Catalysts by Phosphorus Incorporation Abstract: Nitrogen-doped graphitic carbon materials hosting single-atom iron (Fe-N-C) are major non-precious metal catalysts for the oxygen reduction reaction (ORR). The nitrogen-coordinated Fe sites are described as the first coordination sphere. As opposed to the good performance in ORR, that in the oxygen evolution reaction (OER) is extremely poor due to the sluggish O-O coupling process, thus hampering the practical applications of rechargeable zinc (Zn)-air batteries. Herein, we succeed in boosting the OER activity of Fe-N-C by additionally incorporating phosphorus atoms into the second coordination sphere, here denoted as P/Fe-N-C. The resulting material exhibits excellent OER activity in 0.1 M KOH with an overpotential as low as 304 mV at a current density of 10 mA cm-2. Even more importantly, they exhibit a remarkably small ORR/OER potential gap of 0.63 V. Theoretical calculations using first-principles density functional theory suggest that the phosphorus enhances the electrocatalytic activity by balancing the *OOH/*O adsorption at the FeN4 sites. When used as an air cathode in a rechargeable Zn-air battery, P/Fe-N-C delivers a charge-discharge performance with a high peak power density of 269 mW cm-2, highlighting its role as the state-of-the-art bifunctional oxygen electrocatalyst.	0
Abstract2class: Olefination via Cu-Mediated Dehydroacylation of Unstrained Ketones Abstract: The dehydroacylation of ketones to olefins is realized under mild conditions, which exhibits a unique reaction pathway involving aromatization-driven C-C cleavage to remove the acyl moiety, followed by Cu-mediated oxidative elimination to form an alkene between the α and β carbons. The newly adopted N'-methylpicolinohydrazonamide (MPHA) reagent is key to enable efficient cleavage of ketone C-C bonds at room temperature. Diverse alkyl- and aryl-substituted olefins, dienes, and special alkenes are generated with broad functional group tolerance. Strategic applications of this method are also demonstrated.	0
Abstract2class: The Self-Assembly of a Cyclometalated Palladium Photosensitizer into Protein-Stabilized Nanorods Triggers Drug Uptake In Vitro and In Vivo Abstract: Enhanced passive diffusion is usually considered to be the primary cause of the enhanced cellular uptake of cyclometalated drugs because cyclometalation lowers the charge of a metal complex and increases its lipophilicity. However, in this work, monocationic cyclometalated palladium complexes [1]OAc (N^N^C^N) and [2]OAc (N^N^N^C) were found to self-assemble, in aqueous solutions, into soluble supramolecular nanorods, while their tetrapyridyl bicationic analogue [3](OAc)2 (N^N^N^N) dissolved as isolated molecules. These nanorods formed via metallophilic Pd···Pd interaction and π-π stacking and were stabilized in the cell medium by serum proteins, in the absence of which the nanorods precipitated. In cell cultures, these protein-stabilized self-assembled nanorods were responsible for the improved cellular uptake of the cyclometalated compounds, which took place via endocytosis (i.e., an active uptake pathway). In addition to triggering self-assembly, cyclometalation in [1]OAc also led to dramatically enhanced photodynamic properties under blue light irradiation. These combined penetration and photodynamic properties were observed in multicellular tumor spheroids and in a mice tumor xenograft, demonstrating that protein-stabilized nanoaggregation of cyclometalated drugs such as [1]OAc also allows efficient cellular uptake in 3D tumor models. Overall, serum proteins appear to be a major element in drug design because they strongly influence the size and bioavailability of supramolecular drug aggregates and hence their efficacy in vitro and in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: (4+1) vs (4+2): Catalytic Intramolecular Coupling between Cyclobutanones and Trisubstituted Allenes via C-C Activation Abstract: Herein we describe a rhodium-catalyzed (4+1) cyclization between cyclobutanones and allenes, which provides a distinct [4.2.1]-bicyclic skeleton containing two quaternary carbon centers. The reaction involves C-C activation of cyclobutanones and employs allenes as a one-carbon unit. A variety of functional groups can be tolerated, and a diverse range of polycyclic scaffolds can be accessed. Excellent enantioselectivity can be obtained, which is enabled by a TADDOL-derived phosphoramidite ligand. The bridged bicyclic products can be further functionalized or derivatized though simple transformations.	0
Abstract2class: Targeting Phosphotyrosine in Native Proteins with Conditional, Bispecific Antibody Traps Abstract: Engineering sequence-specific antibodies (Abs) against phosphotyrosine (pY) motifs embedded in folded polypeptides remains highly challenging because of the stringent requirement for simultaneous recognition of the pY motif and the surrounding folded protein epitope. Here, we present a method named phosphotyrosine Targeting by Recombinant Ab Pair, or pY-TRAP, for in vitro engineering of binders for native pY proteins. Specifically, we create the pY protein by unnatural amino acid misincorporation, mutagenize a universal pY-binding Ab to create a first binder B1 for the pY motif on the pY protein, and then select against the B1-pY protein complex for a second binder B2 that recognizes the composite epitope of B1 and the pY-containing protein complex. We applied pY-TRAP to create highly specific binders to folded Ub-pY59, a rarely studied Ub phosphoform exclusively observed in cancerous tissues, and ZAP70-pY248, a kinase phosphoform regulated in feedback signaling pathways in T cells. The pY-TRAPs do not have detectable binding to wild-type proteins or to other pY peptides or proteins tested. This pY-TRAP approach serves as a generalizable method for engineering sequence-specific Ab binders to native pY proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Host-Guest Tethered DNA Transducer: ATP Fueled Release of a Protein Inhibitor from Cucurbit[7]uril Abstract: Host-guest complexes are emerging as powerful components in functional systems with applications ranging from materials to biomedicine. In particular, CB7 based host-guest complexes have received much attention for the controlled release of drugs due to the remarkable ability of CB7 toward binding input molecules in water with high affinity leading to displacement of CB7 from included pharmacophores (or from drug loaded porous particles). However, the release of bound guests from CB7 in response to endogenous biological molecules remains limited since the input biomolecule needs to have the appropriate chemical structure to bind tightly into the CB7 cavity. Herein we describe a synthetic transducer based on self-assembling DNA-small molecule chimeras (DCs) that is capable of converting a chosen biological input, adenosine triphosphate (ATP; that does not directly bind to the CB7 host), into functional displacement of a protein inhibitor that is bound within the CB7 host. Our system-which features the first example of a covalent CB-DNA conjugate-is highly modular and can be adapted to enable responsiveness to other biologically/clinically relevant stimuli via its split DNA aptamer architecture.	0
Abstract2class: Cinchonium Betaines as Efficient Catalysts for Asymmetric Proton Transfer Catalysis: The Development of a Practical Enantioselective Isomerization of Trifluoromethyl Imines Abstract: We have developed a new class of cinchonium betaine catalysts bearing both a base moiety and an aromatic moiety as an N-substituent of the quinuclidine motif. These cinchonium betaines were found to promote proton transfer catalysis with 1000-5000 turnovers per 24 h, thereby enabling us to realize highly efficient enantioselective isomerization of trifluoromethyl imines to provide a practical access to optically active trifluoromethylated amines.	0
Abstract2class: A new highly selective fluorescent K+ sensor Abstract: We describe the synthesis, properties, and application of a new fluorescent potassium chemosensor, KS2, for K(+) sensing and imaging in live cells. By virtue of a strong electron-withdrawing group, 2-dicyanomethylene-3-cyano-4,5,5-trimethyl-2,5-dihydrofuran (TCF), with a triazacryptand ligand, the new sensor can respond to K(+) up to 1.6 M. This is the first highly selective intracellular sensor suitable for sensing K(+) over a broad and high concentration range. Confocal fluorescence microscopy has established the utility of KS2 for live-cell K(+) detection. The application of KS2 combined with other sensors will be of great benefit for investigating cellular metabolism, detecting and diagnosing diseases including cancer, and monitoring responses to therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Widespread Sterol Methyltransferase Participates in the Biosynthesis of Both C4α- and C4β-Methyl Sterols Abstract: The 4-methyl steranes serve as molecular fossils and are used for studying both eukaryotic evolution and geological history. The occurrence of 4α-methyl steranes in sediments has long been considered evidence of products of partial demethylation mediated by sterol methyl oxidases (SMOs), while 4β-methyl steranes are attributed entirely to diagenetic generation from 4α-methyl steroids since possible biological sources of their precursor 4β-methyl sterols are unknown. Here, we report a previously unknown C4-methyl sterol biosynthetic pathway involving a sterol methyltransferase rather than the SMOs. We show that both C4α- and C4β-methyl sterols are end products of the sterol biosynthetic pathway in an endosymbiont of reef corals, Breviolum minutum, while this mechanism exists not only in dinoflagellates but also in eukaryotes from alveolates, haptophytes, and aschelminthes. Our discovery provides a previously untapped route for the generation of C4-methyl steranes and overturns the paradigm that all 4β-methyl steranes are diagenetically generated from the 4α isomers. This may facilitate the interpretation of molecular fossils and understanding of the evolution of eukaryotic life in general.	0
Abstract2class: Identifying the roles of amino acids, alcohols and 1,2-diamines as mediators in coupling of haloarenes to arenes Abstract: Coupling of haloarenes to arenes has been facilitated by a diverse range of organic additives in the presence of KO(t)Bu or NaO(t)Bu since the first report in 2008. Very recently, we showed that the reactivity of some of these additives (e.g., compounds 6 and 7) could be explained by the formation of organic electron donors in situ, but the role of other additives was not addressed. The simplest of these, alcohols, including 1,2-diols, 1,2-diamines, and amino acids are the most intriguing, and we now report experiments that support their roles as precursors of organic electron donors, underlining the importance of this mode of initiation in these coupling reactions.	0
Abstract2class: Steric Enforcement of cis-Epoxide Formation in the Radical C-O-Coupling Reaction by Which ( S)-2-Hydroxypropylphosphonate Epoxidase (HppE) Produces Fosfomycin Abstract: (S)-2-Hydroxypropylphosphonate [(S)-2-HPP, 1] epoxidase (HppE) reduces H2O2 at its nonheme-iron cofactor to install the oxirane "warhead" of the antibiotic fosfomycin. The net replacement of the C1 pro-R hydrogen of 1 by its C2 oxygen, with inversion of configuration at C1, yields the cis-epoxide of the drug [(1R,2S)-epoxypropylphosphonic acid (cis-Fos, 2)]. Here we show that HppE achieves ∼95% selectivity for C1 inversion and cis-epoxide formation via steric guidance of a radical-coupling mechanism. Published structures of the HppE·FeII·1 and HppE·ZnII·2 complexes reveal distinct pockets for C3 of the substrate and product and identify four hydrophobic residues-Leu120, Leu144, Phe182, and Leu193-close to C3 in one of the complexes. Replacement of Leu193 in the substrate C3 pocket with the bulkier Phe enhances stereoselectivity (cis:trans ∼99:1), whereas the Leu120Phe substitution in the product C3 pocket diminishes it (∼82:18). Retention of C1 configuration and trans-epoxide formation become predominant with the bulk-reducing Phe182Ala substitution in the substrate C3 pocket (∼13:87), trifluorination of C3 (∼23:77), or both (∼1:99). The effect of C3 trifluorination is counteracted by the more constrained substrate C3 pockets in the Leu193Phe (∼56:44) and Leu144Phe/Leu193Phe (∼90:10) variants. The ability of HppE to epoxidize substrate analogues bearing halogens at C3, C1, or both is inconsistent with a published hypothesis of polar cyclization via a C1 carbocation. Rather, specific enzyme-substrate contacts drive inversion of the C1 radical-as proposed in a recent computational study-to direct formation of the more potently antibacterial cis-epoxide by radicaloid C-O coupling.	0
Abstract2class: Origin of Free Energy Barriers of Decarboxylation and the Reverse Process of CO2 Capture in Dimethylformamide and in Water Abstract: In aqueous solution, biological decarboxylation reactions proceed irreversibly to completion, whereas the reverse carboxylation processes are typically powered by the hydrolysis of ATP. The exchange of the carboxylate of ring-substituted arylacetates with isotope-labeled CO2 in polar aprotic solvents reported recently suggests a dramatic change in the partition of reaction pathways. Yet, there is little experimental data pertinent to the kinetic barriers for protonation and thermodynamic data on CO2 capture by the carbanions of decarboxylation reactions. Employing a combined quantum mechanical and molecular mechanical simulation approach, we investigated the decarboxylation reactions of a series of organic carboxylate compounds in aqueous and in dimethylformamide solutions, revealing that the reverse carboxylation barriers in solution are fully induced by solvent effects. A linear Bell-Evans-Polanyi relationship was found between the rates of decarboxylation and the Gibbs energies of reaction, indicating diminishing recombination barriers in DMF. In contrast, protonation of the carbanions by the DMF solvent has large free energy barriers, rendering the competing exchange of isotope-labeled CO2 reversible in DMF. The finding of an intricate interplay of carbanion stability and solute-solvent interaction in decarboxylation and carboxylation could be useful to designing novel materials for CO2 capture.	0
Abstract2class: Stereospecific Cross Couplings To Set Benzylic, All-Carbon Quaternary Stereocenters in High Enantiopurity Abstract: Asymmetric preparation of all-carbon quaternary stereocenters is an important goal. Despite advances in formation of highly enantioenriched products with quaternary stereocenters proximal to a functional group, methods to install quaternary stereocenters isolated from functional groups are limited. Transition metal catalysis offers a potential solution, but prior cross couplings are limited to allylic substrates or deliver little to no enantiomeric enrichment. We report a stereospecific, nickel-catalyzed Suzuki-Miyaura arylation of tertiary benzylic acetates to deliver products with diaryl and triaryl quaternary stereocenters in high yields and ee's. This reaction employs an inexpensive, air-stable Ni(II) salt and commercially available phosphine ligand to transform tertiary alcohol derivatives, which are easily available in exceptional ee, into valuable products with stereoretention.	0
Abstract2class: Accessing Both Retention and Inversion Pathways in Stereospecific, Nickel-Catalyzed Miyaura Borylations of Allylic Pivalates Abstract: We have developed a stereospecific, nickel-catalyzed Miyaura borylation of allylic pivalates, which delivers highly enantioenriched α-stereogenic γ-aryl allylboronates with good yields and regioselectivities. Our complementary sets of conditions enable access to either enantiomer of allylboronate product from a single enantiomer of readily prepared allylic pivalate substrate. Excellent functional group tolerance, yields, regioselectivities, and stereochemical fidelities are observed. The stereochemical switch from stereoretention to stereoinversion largely depends upon solvent and can be explained by competitive pathways for the oxidative addition step. Our mechanistic investigations support a stereoretentive pathway stemming from a directed oxidative addition and a stereoinvertive pathway that is dominant when MeCN blocks coordination of the directing group by binding the nickel catalyst.	0
Abstract2class: Nickel-catalyzed cross-couplings of benzylic pivalates with arylboroxines: stereospecific formation of diarylalkanes and triarylmethanes Abstract: We have developed a stereospecific nickel-catalyzed cross-coupling of benzylic pivalates with arylboroxines. The success of this reaction relies on the use of Ni(cod)2 as the catalyst and NaOMe as a uniquely effective base. This reaction has broad scope with respect to the arylboroxine and benzylic pivalate, enabling the synthesis of a variety of diarylalkanes and triarylmethanes in good to excellent yields and ee's.	0
Abstract2class: Bioconjugation by native chemical tagging of C-H bonds Abstract: A general C-H functionalization method for the tagging of natural products and pharmaceuticals is described. An azide-containing sulfinate reagent allows the appendage of azidoalkyl chains onto heteroaromatics, the product of which can then be attached to a monoclonal antibody by a "click" reaction. This strategy expands the breadth of bioactive small molecules that can be linked to macromolecules in a manner that is beyond the scope of existing methods in bioconjugation to permit tagging of the "seemingly untaggable".	0
Abstract2class: A Diastereodivergent and Enantioselective Approach to syn- and anti-Diamines: Development of 2-Azatrienes for Cu-Catalyzed Reductive Couplings with Imines That Furnish Allylic Amines Abstract: We introduce a new reagent class, 2-azatrienes, as a platform for catalytic enantioselective synthesis of allylic amines. Herein, we demonstrate their promise by a diastereodivergent synthesis of syn- and anti-1,2-diamines through their Cu-bis(phosphine)-catalyzed reductive couplings with imines. With Ph-BPE as the supporting ligand, anti-diamines are obtained (up to 91% yield, >20:1 dr, and >99:1 er), and with the rarely utilized t-Bu-BDPP, syn-diamines are generated (up to 76% yield, 1:>20 dr, and 97:3 er).	0
Abstract2class: A chelator-free multifunctional [64Cu]CuS nanoparticle platform for simultaneous micro-PET/CT imaging and photothermal ablation therapy Abstract: We synthesized and evaluated a novel class of chelator-free [(64)Cu]CuS nanoparticles (NPs) suitable both for PET imaging and as photothermal coupling agents for photothermal ablation. These [(64)Cu]CuS NPs are simple to make, possess excellent stability, and allow robust noninvasive micro-PET imaging. Furthermore, the CuS NPs display strong absorption in the near-infrared (NIR) region (peak at 930 nm); passive targeting prefers the tumor site, and mediated ablation of U87 tumor cells occurs upon exposure to NIR light both in vitro and in vivo after either intratumoral or intravenous injection. The combination of small diameter (∼11 nm), strong NIR absorption, and integration of (64)Cu as a structural component makes these [(64)Cu]CuS NPs ideally suited for multifunctional molecular imaging and therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Thermal and (Thermo-Reversible) Photochemical Cycloisomerization of 1 H-2-Benzo[ c]oxocins: From Synthetic Applications to the Development of a New T-Type Molecular Photoswitch Abstract: A novel T-type molecular photoswitch based on the reversible cyclization of 1H-2-benzo[c]oxocins to dihydro-4H-cyclobuta[c]isochromenes has been developed. The switching mechanism involves a light-triggered ring-contraction of 8-membered 1H-2-benzo[c]oxocins to 4,6-fused O-heterocyclic dihydro-4H-cyclobuta[c]isochromene ring systems, with reversion back to the 1H-2-benzo[c]oxocin state accessible through heating. Both processes are unidirectional and proceed with good efficiency, with switching properties─including reversibility and half-life time─easily adjusted via structural functionalization. Our new molecular-switching platform exhibits independence from solvent polarity, originating from its neutral-charge switching mechanism, a property highly sought-after for biological applications. The photoinduced ring-contraction involves a [2+2] conjugated-diene cyclization that obeys the Woodward-Hoffmann rules. In contrast, the reverse process initiates via a thermal ring-opening (T > 60 °C) to produce the original 8-membered 1H-2-benzo[c]oxocins, which is thermally forbidden according to the Woodward-Hoffmann rules. The thermal ring-opening is likely to proceed via an ortho-quinodimethane (o-QDM) intermediate, and the corresponding switching mechanisms are supported by experimental observations and density functional theory calculations. Other transformations of 1H-2-benzo[c]oxocins were found upon altering reaction conditions: prolonged heating of the 1H-2-benzo[c]oxocins at a significantly elevated temperature (72 h at 120 °C), with the resulting dihydronaphthalenes formed via the o-QDM intermediate. These reactions also proceed with good chemoselectivities, providing new synthetic protocols for motifs found in several bioactive molecules, but are otherwise difficult to access.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Synthesis of 1 H-2-Benzoxocins: Cobalt(III)-Carbene Radical Approach to 8-Membered Heterocyclic Enol Ethers Abstract: The metallo-radical activation of ortho-allylcarbonyl-aryl N-arylsulfonylhydrazones with the paramagnetic cobalt(II) porphyrin catalyst [CoII(TPP)] (TPP = tetraphenylporphyrin) provides an efficient and powerful method for the synthesis of novel 8-membered heterocyclic enol ethers. The synthetic protocol is versatile and practical and enables the synthesis of a wide range of unique 1H-2-benzoxocins in high yields. The catalytic cyclization reactions proceed with excellent chemoselectivities, have a high functional group tolerance, and provide several opportunities for the synthesis of new bioactive compounds. The reactions are shown to proceed via cobalt(III)-carbene radical intermediates, which are involved in intramolecular hydrogen transfer (HAT) from the allylic position to the carbene radical, followed by a near-barrierless radical rebound step in the coordination sphere of cobalt. The proposed mechanism is supported by experimental observations, density functional theory (DFT) calculations, and spin trapping experiments.	0
Abstract2class: Promoting Molecular Exchange on Rare-Earth Oxycarbonate Surfaces to Catalyze the Water-Gas Shift Reaction Abstract: It is highly desirable to fabricate an accessible catalyst surface that can efficiently activate reactants and desorb products to promote the local surface reaction equilibrium in heterogeneous catalysis. Herein, rare-earth oxycarbonates (Ln2O2CO3, where Ln = La and Sm), which have molecular-exchangeable (H2O and CO2) surface structures according to the ordered layered arrangement of Ln2O22+ and CO32- ions, are unearthed. On this basis, a series of Ln2O2CO3-supported Cu catalysts are prepared through the deposition precipitation method, which provides excellent catalytic activity and stability for the water-gas shift (WGS) reaction. Density functional theory calculations combined with systematic experimental characterizations verify that H2O spontaneously dissociates on the surface of Ln2O2CO3 to form hydroxyl by eliminating the carbonate through the release of CO2. This interchange efficiently promotes the WGS reaction equilibrium shift on the local surface and prevents the carbonate accumulation from hindering the active sites. The discovery of the unique layered structure provides a so-called "self-cleaning" active surface for the WGS reaction and opens new perspectives about the application of rare-earth oxycarbonate nanomaterials in C1 chemistry.	0
Abstract2class: Assembly of a Ribozyme Ligase from Short Oligomers by Nonenzymatic Ligation Abstract: Our current understanding of the chemistry of the primordial genetic material is fragmentary at best. The chemical replication of oligonucleotides long enough to perform catalytic functions is particularly problematic because of the low efficiency of nonenzymatic template copying. Here we show that this problem can be circumvented by assembling a functional ribozyme by the templated ligation of short oligonucleotides. However, this approach creates a new problem because the splint oligonucleotides used to drive ribozyme assembly strongly inhibit the resulting ribozyme. We explored three approaches to the design of splint oligonucleotides that enable efficient ligation but which allow the assembled ribozyme to remain active. DNA splints, splints with G:U wobble pairs, and splints with G to I (Inosine) substitutions all allowed for the efficient assembly of an active ribozyme ligase. Our work demonstrates the possibility of a transition from nonenzymatic ligation to enzymatic ligation and reveals the importance of avoiding ribozyme inhibition by complementary oligonucleotides.	0
Abstract2class: Multicolored pH-tunable and activatable fluorescence nanoplatform responsive to physiologic pH stimuli Abstract: Tunable, ultra-pH responsive fluorescent nanoparticles with multichromatic emissions are highly valuable in a variety of biological studies, such as endocytic trafficking, endosome/lysosome maturation, and pH regulation in subcellular organelles. Small differences (e.g., <1 pH unit) and yet finely regulated physiological pH inside different endocytic compartments present a huge challenge to the design of such a system. Herein, we report a general strategy to produce pH-tunable, highly activatable multicolored fluorescent nanoparticles using commonly available pH-insensitive dyes with emission wavelengths from green to near IR range. The primary driving force of fluorescence activation between the ON (unimer) and OFF (micelle) states is the pH-induced micellization. Among three possible photochemical mechanisms, homo Förster resonance energy transfer (homoFRET)-enhanced decay was found to be the most facile strategy to render ultra-pH response over the H-dimer and photoinduced electron transfer (PeT) mechanisms. Based on this insight, we selected several fluorophores with small Stoke shifts (<40 nm) and established a panel of multicolored nanoparticles with wide emission range (500-820 nm) and different pH transitions. Each nanoparticle maintained the sharp pH response (ON/OFF < 0.25 pH unit) with corresponding pH transition point at pH 5.2, 6.4, 6.9, and 7.2. Incubation of a mixture of multicolored nanoparticles with human H2009 lung cancer cells demonstrated sequential activation of the nanoparticles inside endocytic compartments directly correlating with their pH transitions. This multicolored, pH-tunable nanoplatform offers exciting opportunities for the study of many important cell physiological processes, such as pH regulation and endocytic trafficking of subcellular organelles.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of hepatitis B virus capsids by resistive-pulse sensing Abstract: We report characterization of hepatitis B virus (HBV) capsids by resistive-pulse sensing through single track-etched conical nanopores formed in poly(ethylene terephthalate) membranes. The pores were ∼40 nm in diameter at the tip, and the pore surface was covalently modified with triethylene glycol to reduce surface charge density, minimize adsorption of the virus capsids, and suppress electroosmotic flow in the pore. The HBV capsids were assembled in vitro from Cp149, the assembly domain of HBV capsid protein. Assembled T = 3 (90 Cp149 dimer) and T = 4 (120 dimer) capsids are 31 and 36 nm in diameter, respectively, and were easily discriminated by monitoring the change in current as capsids passed through an electrically biased pore. The ratio of the number of T = 3 to T = 4 capsids transiting a pore did not reflect actual concentrations, but favored transport of smaller T = 3 capsids. These results combined with longer transit times for the T = 4 capsids indicated that the capsids must overcome an entropic barrier to enter a pore.	0
Abstract2class: Cryogenic Focused Ion Beam Enables Atomic-Resolution Imaging of Local Structures in Highly Sensitive Bulk Crystals and Devices Abstract: With the development of ultralow-dose (scanning) transmission electron microscopy ((S)TEM) techniques, atomic-resolution imaging of highly sensitive nanomaterials has recently become possible. However, applying these techniques to the study of sensitive bulk materials remains challenging due to the lack of suitable specimen preparation methods. We report that cryogenic focused ion beam (cryo-FIB) can provide a solution to this challenge. We successfully extracted thin specimens from metal-organic framework (MOF) crystals and a hybrid halide perovskite single-crystal film solar cell using cryo-FIB without damaging the inherent structures. The high quality of the specimens enabled the subsequent (S)TEM and electron diffraction studies to reveal complex unknown local structures at an atomic resolution. The obtained structural information allowed us to resolve planar defects in MOF HKUST-1, three-dimensionally reconstruct a concomitant phase in MOF UiO-66, and discover a new CH3NH3PbI3 structure and locate its distribution in a single-crystal film perovskite solar cell. This proof-of-concept study demonstrates that cryo-FIB has a unique ability to handle highly sensitive materials, which can substantially expand the range of applications for electron microscopy.	0
Abstract2class: Enzymatic Self-Assembly Confers Exceptionally Strong Synergism with NF-κB Targeting for Selective Necroptosis of Cancer Cells Abstract: As a promising molecular process for selectively inhibiting cancer cells without inducing acquired drug resistance, enzyme-instructed self-assembly (EISA) usually requires relatively high dosages. Despite its discovery 30 years ago, the translation of the knowledge about NF-κB signaling into clinic remains complicated due to the broad roles of NF-κB in cellular regulation. Here we show that integrating EISA and NF-κB targeting boosts the efficacy of EISA over an order of magnitude without compromising selectivity against cancer cells. That is, in situ enzymatic self-assembly of a tetrapeptide results in nanofibers, which hardly affect cell viability, but lead to inductive expression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (TNFR2) and decreased expression of three key proteins at the upstream of NF-κB pathway in the cancer cells. Adding the inhibitors targeting NF-κB further decreases the expressions of those upstream proteins, which turns the otherwise innocuous nanofibers to being lethal to the cancer cells, likely causing necroptosis. As the first case of using supramolecular processes to enable synthetic lethality, this work illustrates a versatile approach to translate key regulatory circuits into promising therapeutic targets.	0
Abstract2class: Enzyme-Instructed Self-Assembly of Small D-Peptides as a Multiple-Step Process for Selectively Killing Cancer Cells Abstract: Selective inhibition of cancer cells remains a challenge in chemotherapy. Here we report the molecular and cellular validation of enzyme-instructed self-assembly (EISA) as a multiple step process for selectively killing cancer cells that overexpress alkaline phosphatases (ALPs). We design and synthesize two kinds of D-tetrapeptide containing one or two phosphotyrosine residues and with the N-terminal capped by a naphthyl group. Upon enzymatic dephosphorylation, these D-tetrapeptides turn into self-assembling molecules to form nanofibers in water. Incubating these D-tetrapeptides with several cancer cell lines and one normal cell line, the unphosphorylated D-tetrapeptides are innocuous to all the cell lines, the mono- and diphosphorylated D-tetrapeptides selectively inhibit the cancer cells, but not the normal cell. The monophosphorylated D-tetrapeptides exhibit more potent inhibitory activity than the diphosphorylated D-tetrapeptides do; the cancer cell lines express higher level of ALPs are more susceptible to inhibition by the phosphorylated D-tetrapeptides; the precursors of D-tetrapeptides that possess higher self-assembling abilities exhibit higher inhibitory activities. These results confirm the important role of enzymatic reaction and self-assembly. Using uncompetitive inhibitors of ALPs and fluorescent D-tetrapeptides, we delineate that the enzyme catalyzed dephosphorylation and the self-assembly steps, together, result in the localization of the nanofibers of D-tetrapeptides for killing the cancer cells. We find that the cell death modality likely associates with the cell type and prove the interactions between nanofibers and the death receptors. This work illustrates a paradigm-shifting and biomimetic approach and contributes useful molecular insights for the development of spatiotemporal defined supramolecular processes/assemblies as potential anticancer therapeutics.	0
Abstract2class: Taurine Boosts Cellular Uptake of Small D-Peptides for Enzyme-Instructed Intracellular Molecular Self-Assembly Abstract: Due to their biostability, D-peptides are emerging as an important molecular platform for biomedical applications. Being proteolytically resistant, D-peptides lack interactions with endogenous transporters and hardly enter cells. Here we show that taurine, a natural amino acid, drastically boosts the cellular uptake of small D-peptides in mammalian cells by >10-fold, from 118 μM (without conjugating taurine) to >1.6 mM (after conjugating taurine). The uptake of a large amount of the ester conjugate of taurine and D-peptide allows intracellular esterase to trigger intracellular self-assembly of the D-peptide derivative, further enhancing their cellular accumulation. The study on the mechanism of the uptake reveals that the conjugates enter cells via both dynamin-dependent endocytosis and macropinocytosis, but likely not relying on taurine transporters. Differing fundamentally from the positively charged cell-penetrating peptides, the biocompatibility, stability, and simplicity of the enzyme-cleavable taurine motif promise new ways to promote the uptake of bioactive molecules for countering the action of efflux pump and contributing to intracellular molecular self-assembly.	0
Abstract2class: Aromatic-aromatic interactions enhance interfiber contacts for enzymatic formation of a spontaneously aligned supramolecular hydrogel Abstract: Anisotropy or alignment is a critical feature of functional soft materials in living organisms, but it remains a challenge for spontaneously generating anisotropic gel materials. Here we report a molecular design that increases intermolecular aromatic-aromatic interactions of hydrogelators during enzymatic hydrogelation for spontaneously forming an anisotropic hydrogel. This process, relying on both aromatic-aromatic interactions and enzyme catalysis, results in spontaneously aligned supramolecular nanofibers as the matrices of a monodomain hydrogel that exhibits significant birefringence. This work, as the first example of monodomain hydrogels formed via an enzymatic reaction, illustrates a new biomimetic approach for generating aligned anisotropic soft materials.	0
Abstract2class: Fast and Effective Prediction of the Absolute Binding Free Energies of Covalent Inhibitors of SARS-CoV-2 Main Protease and 20S Proteasome Abstract: The COVID-19 pandemic has been a public health emergency with continuously evolving deadly variants around the globe. Among many preventive and therapeutic strategies, the design of covalent inhibitors targeting the main protease (Mpro) of SARS-CoV-2 that causes COVID-19 has been one of the hotly pursued areas. Currently, about 30% of marketed drugs that target enzymes are covalent inhibitors. Such inhibitors have been shown in recent years to have many advantages that counteract past reservation of their potential off-target activities, which can be minimized by modulation of the electrophilic warhead and simultaneous optimization of nearby noncovalent interactions. This process can be greatly accelerated by exploration of binding affinities using computational models, which are not well-established yet due to the requirement of capturing the chemical nature of covalent bond formation. Here, we present a robust computational method for effective prediction of absolute binding free energies (ABFEs) of covalent inhibitors. This is done by integrating the protein dipoles Langevin dipoles method (in the PDLD/S-LRA/β version) with quantum mechanical calculations of the energetics of the reaction of the warhead and its amino acid target, in water. This approach evaluates the combined effects of the covalent and noncovalent contributions. The applicability of the method is illustrated by predicting the ABFEs of covalent inhibitors of SARS-CoV-2 Mpro and the 20S proteasome. Our results are found to be reliable in predicting ABFEs for cases where the warheads are significantly different. This computational protocol might be a powerful tool for designing effective covalent inhibitors especially for SARS-CoV-2 Mpro and for targeted protein degradation.	0
Abstract2class: Organocatalytic Asymmetric Synthesis of Si-Stereogenic Silyl Ethers Abstract: Functionalized enantiopure organosilanes are important building blocks with applications in various fields of chemistry; nevertheless, asymmetric synthetic methods for their preparation are rare. Here we report the first organocatalytic enantioselective synthesis of tertiary silyl ethers possessing "central chirality" on silicon. The reaction proceeds via a desymmetrizing carbon-carbon bond forming silicon-hydrogen exchange reaction of symmetrical bis(methallyl)silanes with phenols using newly developed imidodiphosphorimidate (IDPi) catalysts. A variety of enantiopure silyl ethers was obtained in high yields with good chemo- and enantioselectivities and could be readily derivatized to several useful chiral silicon compounds, leveraging the olefin functionality and the leaving group nature of the phenoxy substituent.	0
Abstract2class: The Silicon-Hydrogen Exchange Reaction: A Catalytic σ-Bond Metathesis Approach to the Enantioselective Synthesis of Enol Silanes Abstract: The use of chiral enol silanes in fundamental transformations such as Mukaiyama aldol, Michael, and Mannich reactions as well as Saegusa-Ito dehydrogenations has enabled the chemical synthesis of enantiopure natural products and valuable pharmaceuticals. However, accessing these intermediates in high enantiopurity has generally required the use of either stoichiometric chiral precursors or stoichiometric chiral reagents. We now describe a catalytic approach in which strongly acidic and confined imidodiphosphorimidates (IDPi) catalyze highly enantioselective interconversions of ketones and enol silanes. These "silicon-hydrogen exchange reactions" enable access to enantiopure enol silanes via tautomerizing σ-bond metatheses, either in a deprotosilylative desymmetrization of ketones with allyl silanes as the silicon source or in a protodesilylative kinetic resolution of racemic enol silanes with a carboxylic acid as the silyl acceptor.	0
Abstract2class: Enzymatic synthesis of resorcylic acid lactones by cooperation of fungal iterative polyketide synthases involved in hypothemycin biosynthesis Abstract: Hypothemycin is a macrolide protein kinase inhibitor from the fungus Hypomyces subiculosus. During biosynthesis, its carbon framework is assembled by two iterative polyketide synthases (PKSs), Hpm8 (highly reducing) and Hpm3 (nonreducing). These were heterologously expressed in Saccharomyces cerevisiae BJ5464-NpgA, purified to near homogeneity, and reconstituted in vitro to produce (6'S,10'S)-trans-7',8'-dehydrozearalenol (1) from malonyl-CoA and NADPH. The structure of 1 was determined by X-ray crystallographic analysis. In the absence of functional Hpm3, the reducing PKS Hpm8 produces and offloads truncated pyrone products instead of the expected hexaketide. The nonreducing Hpm3 is able to accept an N-acetylcysteamine thioester of a correctly functionalized hexaketide to form 1, but it is unable to initiate polyketide formation from malonyl-CoA. We show that the starter-unit:ACP transacylase (SAT) of Hpm3 is critical for crosstalk between the two enzymes and that the rate of biosynthesis of 1 is determined by the rate of hexaketide formation by Hpm8.	0
Abstract2class: The biological buffer bicarbonate/CO2 potentiates H2O2-mediated inactivation of protein tyrosine phosphatases Abstract: Hydrogen peroxide is a cell signaling agent that inactivates protein tyrosine phosphatases (PTPs) via oxidation of their catalytic cysteine residue. PTPs are inactivated rapidly during H(2)O(2)-mediated cellular signal transduction processes, but, paradoxically, hydrogen peroxide is a rather sluggish PTP inactivator in vitro. Here we present evidence that the biological buffer bicarbonate/CO(2) potentiates the ability of H(2)O(2) to inactivate PTPs. The results of biochemical experiments and high-resolution crystallographic analysis are consistent with a mechanism involving oxidation of the catalytic cysteine residue by peroxymonocarbonate generated via the reaction of H(2)O(2) with HCO(3)(-)/CO(2).	0
Abstract2class: A Conformationally Restricted Aza-BODIPY Platform for Stimulus-Responsive Probes with Enhanced Photoacoustic Properties Abstract: Photoacoustic (PA) dyes, which absorb near-infrared (NIR) light to generate an ultrasonic signal, can be detected at centimeter depths in tissues with significantly higher resolution than dyes imaged with fluorescence-based methods. As such, PA agents show great promise as research tools for the study of live-animal disease models. However, the development of activatable PA probes has been hampered by the relative scarcity of appropriate PA-active molecular platforms with properties that can be manipulated in a rational manner. Herein we synthesized and evaluated six modifications to the aza-BODIPY dye platform with respect to their absorbance, fluorescence, and PA properties. We identified a promising conformationally restricted aza-BODIPY (CRaB) scaffold that prioritizes three criteria necessary for the design of stimulus-responsive dyes with optimal ratiometric PA response: absorbance at NIR wavelengths, strong PA intensity, and large Δλ upon interaction with the desired stimulus. Using this scaffold, we synthesized three chemically diverse stimulus-responsive PA probes and demonstrated between 2- and 8-fold improvements in theoretical ratiometric response in vitro. This suggests that improvements in PA parameters are generalizable. Finally, we validated the in vitro turnover of each CRaB PA probe and demonstrated the in vivo potential of the CRaB scaffold by direct comparison to an established hypoxia-responsive probe for the detection of tumor hypoxia.	0
Abstract2class: Near-Infrared Photoactivatable Nitric Oxide Donors with Integrated Photoacoustic Monitoring Abstract: Photoacoustic (PA) tomography is a noninvasive technology that utilizes near-infrared (NIR) excitation and ultrasonic detection to image biological tissue at centimeter depths. While several activatable small-molecule PA sensors have been developed for various analytes, the use of PA molecules for deep-tissue analyte delivery and monitoring remains an underexplored area of research. Herein, we describe the synthesis, characterization, and in vivo validation of photoNOD-1 and photoNOD-2, the first organic, NIR-photocontrolled nitric oxide (NO) donors that incorporate a PA readout of analyte release. These molecules consist of an aza-BODIPY dye appended with an aryl N-nitrosamine NO-donating moiety. The photoNODs exhibit chemostability to various biological stimuli, including redox-active metals and CYP450 enzymes, and demonstrate negligible cytotoxicity in the absence of irradiation. Upon single-photon NIR irradiation, photoNOD-1 and photoNOD-2 release NO as well as rNOD-1 or rNOD-2, PA-active products that enable ratiometric monitoring of NO release. Our in vitro studies show that, upon irradiation, photoNOD-1 and photoNOD-2 exhibit 46.6-fold and 21.5-fold ratiometric turn-ons, respectively. Moreover, unlike existing NIR NO donors, the photoNODs do not require encapsulation or multiphoton activation for use in live animals. In this study, we use PA tomography to monitor the local, irradiation-dependent release of NO from photoNOD-1 and photoNOD-2 in mice after subcutaneous treatment. In addition, we use a murine model for breast cancer to show that photoNOD-1 can selectively affect tumor growth rates in the presence of NIR light stimulation following systemic administration.	0
Abstract2class: DNA-Catalyzed Amide Hydrolysis Abstract: DNA catalysts (deoxyribozymes) for a variety of reactions have been identified by in vitro selection. However, for certain reactions this identification has not been achieved. One important example is DNA-catalyzed amide hydrolysis, for which a previous selection experiment instead led to DNA-catalyzed DNA phosphodiester hydrolysis. Subsequent efforts in which the selection strategy deliberately avoided phosphodiester hydrolysis led to DNA-catalyzed ester and aromatic amide hydrolysis, but aliphatic amide hydrolysis has been elusive. In the present study, we show that including modified nucleotides that bear protein-like functional groups (any one of primary amino, carboxyl, or primary hydroxyl) enables identification of amide-hydrolyzing deoxyribozymes. In one case, the same deoxyribozyme sequence without the modifications still retains substantial catalytic activity. Overall, these findings establish the utility of introducing protein-like functional groups into deoxyribozymes for identifying new catalytic function. The results also suggest the longer-term feasibility of deoxyribozymes as artificial proteases.	0
Abstract2class: DNA damage by histone radicals in nucleosome core particles Abstract: Although DNA binding proteins shield the genetic material from diffusible reactive oxygen species by reacting with them, the resulting protein (peroxyl) radicals can oxidize the bound DNA. To explore this possible DNA damage by protein radicals, histone H4 proteins containing an azoalkane radical precursor at defined sites were prepared. Photolysis of a nucleosome core particle containing the modified protein produces DNA damage that is consistent with selective C4'-oxidation. The nucleotide(s) damaged is highly dependent on proximity to the protein radical. These experiments provide insight into the effects of oxidative stress on protein-bound DNA, revealing an additional layer of complexity concerning nucleic acid damage.	0
Abstract2class: Histone modification via rapid cleavage of C4'-oxidized abasic sites in nucleosome core particles Abstract: The C4'-oxidized abasic site is produced in DNA by a variety of oxidizing agents, including potent cytotoxic antitumor agents. Independent generation of this alkali-labile lesion at defined positions within nucleosome core particles reveals that the histone proteins increase strand scission between 130- and 550-fold. Strand scission proceeds via a Schiff base intermediate, but the DNA-protein cross-links are unstable. The oxidized abasic site is removed in its entirety from the DNA and transferred to the lysine-rich tail region of the proximal histone protein in the form of a lactam. The modification is distributed over several residues within the amino-terminal tail of the proximal histone. Transfer of DNA damage to histones could affect gene regulation.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic studies on histone catalyzed cleavage of apyrimidinic/apurinic sites in nucleosome core particles Abstract: Duplex DNA containing an apurinic/apyrimidinic (AP) lesion undergoes cleavage significantly more rapidly in nucleosome core particles (NCPs) than it does when free. The mechanism of AP cleavage within NCPs was studied through independently generating lesions within them. AP mediated DNA cleavage within NCPs is initiated by DNA-protein cross-link (DPC(un)) formation followed by β-elimination to give DPCs containing cleaved DNA (DPC(cl)). Hydrolysis of DPC(cl) produces a DNA single strand break (SSB). C2-dideuteration of AP showed that deprotonation from this position is involved in the rate-determining step. Experiments utilizing NCPs containing mutated histone H4 proteins indicated that lysine residues in the amino terminal tail are involved in both DPC formation and β-elimination steps. Lysines 16 and 20 seem to play a greater role in reacting with AP at superhelical location 1.5, but other amino acids (e.g., lysines 5, 8, and 12) compensate in their absence. The mechanism of rapid double strand breaks in bistranded, clustered AP lesions was studied by independently preparing reaction intermediates within model NCPs. A single strand break on one strand enhances the cleavage of a proximal AP on the opposite strand.	0
Abstract2class: Histone-catalyzed cleavage of nucleosomal DNA containing 2-deoxyribonolactone Abstract: Oxidized abasic sites such as 2-deoxyribonolactone (L) are produced in DNA by a variety of oxidizing agents, including potent cytotoxic antitumor natural products. 2-Deoxyribonolactone is labile under alkaline conditions, but its half-life in free DNA at pH 7.5 is approximately 1 week. Independent generation of L at defined positions within nucleosomes reveals that the histone proteins catalyze strand scission and increase the rate between 11- and ∼43-fold. Mechanistic studies indicate that DNA-protein cross-links are not intermediates en route to strand scission and that C2 deprotonation is the rate-determining step. The use of mutant histone H4 proteins demonstrates that the lysine-rich tail that is often post-translationally modified in cells contributes to the cleavage of L but is not the sole source of the enhanced cleavage rates. Consideration of DNA repair in cells suggests that L formation in nucleosomal DNA as part of bistranded lesions by antitumor antibiotics results in de facto double strand breaks, the most deleterious form of DNA damage.	0
Abstract2class: Dynamical Study of Adsorbate-Induced Restructuring Kinetics in Bimetallic Catalysts Using the PdAu(111) Model System Abstract: Dynamic restructuring of bimetallic catalysts plays a crucial role in their catalytic activity and selectivity. In particular, catalyst pretreatment with species such as carbon monoxide and oxygen has been shown to be an effective strategy for tuning the surface composition and morphology. Mechanistic and kinetic understanding of such restructuring is fundamental to the chemistry and engineering of surface active sites but has remained challenging due to the large structural, chemical, and temporal degrees of freedom. Here, we combine time-resolved temperature-programmed infrared reflection absorption spectroscopy, ab initio thermodynamics, and machine-learning molecular dynamics to uncover previously unidentified timescale and kinetic parameters of in situ restructuring in Pd/Au(111), a highly relevant model system for dilute Pd-in-Au nanoparticle catalysts. The key innovation lies in utilizing CO not only as a chemically sensitive probe of surface Pd but also as an agent that induces restructuring of the surface. Upon annealing in vacuum, as-deposited Pd islands became encapsulated by Au and partially dissolved into the subsurface, leaving behind isolated Pd monomers on the surface. Subsequent exposure to 0.1 mbar CO enabled Pd monomers to repopulate the surface up to 373 K, above which complete Pd dissolution occurred by 473 K, with apparent activation energies of 0.14 and 0.48 eV, respectively. These restructuring processes occurred over the span of ∼1000 s at a given temperature. Such a minute-timescale dynamics not only elucidates the fluxional nature of alloy catalysts but also presents an opportunity to fine-tune the surface under moderate temperature and pressure conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism and Origins of Chemo- and Stereoselectivities of Aryl Iodide-Catalyzed Asymmetric Difluorinations of β-Substituted Styrenes Abstract: The mechanism of the aryl iodide-catalyzed asymmetric migratory geminal difluorination of β-substituted styrenes ( Banik et al. Science 2016, 353, 51 ) has been explored with density functional theory computations. The computed mechanism consists of (a) activation of iodoarene difluoride (ArIF2), (b) enantiodetermining 1,2-fluoroiodination, (c) bridging phenonium ion formation via SN2 reductive displacement, and (d) regioselective fluoride addition. According to the computational model, the ArIF2 intermediate is stabilized through halogen-π interactions between the electron-deficient iodine(III) center and the benzylic substituents at the catalyst stereogenic centers. Interactions with the catalyst ester carbonyl groups (I(III)+···O) are not observed in the unactivated complex, but do occur upon activation of ArIF2 through hydrogen-bonding interactions with external Brønsted acid (HF). The 1,2-fluoroiodination occurs via alkene complexation to the electrophilic, cationic I(III) center followed by C-F bond formation anti to the forming C-I bond. The bound olefin and the C-I bond of catalyst adopt a spiro arrangement in the favored transition structures but a nearly periplanar arrangement in the disfavored transition structures. Multiple attractive non-covalent interactions, including slipped π···π stacking, C-H···O, and C-H···π interactions, are found to underlie the high asymmetric induction. The chemoselectivity for 1,1-difluorination versus 1,2-difluorination is controlled mainly by (1) the steric effect of the substituent on the olefinic double bond and (2) the nucleophilicity of the carbonyl oxygen of substrate.	0
Abstract2class: Progress toward Eukaryotic Semisynthetic Organisms: Translation of Unnatural Codons Abstract: We have created a bacterial semisynthetic organism (SSO) that retains an unnatural base pair (UBP) in its DNA, transcribes it into mRNA and tRNA with cognate unnatural codons and anticodons, and after the tRNA is charged with a noncanonical amino acid synthesizes proteins containing the noncanonical amino acid. Here, we report the first progress toward the creation of eukaryotic SSOs. After demonstrating proof-of-concept with human HEK293 cells, we show that a variety of different unnatural codon-anticodon pairs can efficiently mediate the synthesis of unnatural proteins in CHO cells. Interestingly, we find that there are both similarities and significant differences between how the prokaryotic and eukaryotic ribosomes recognize the UBP, with the eukaryotic ribosome appearing more tolerant. The results represent the first progress toward eukaryotic SSOs and, in fact, suggest that such SSOs might be able to retain more unnatural information than their bacterial counterparts.	0
Abstract2class: Probing the substrate specificity of Golgi alpha-mannosidase II by use of synthetic oligosaccharides and a catalytic nucleophile mutant Abstract: Inhibition of Golgi alpha-mannosidase II (GMII), which acts late in the N-glycan processing pathway, provides a route to blocking cancer-induced changes in cell surface oligosaccharide structures. To probe the substrate requirements of GMII, oligosaccharides were synthesized that contained an alpha(1,3)- or alpha(1,6)-linked 1-thiomannoside. Surprisingly, these oligosaccharides were not observed in X-ray crystal structures of native Drosophila GMII (dGMII). However, a mutant enzyme in which the catalytic nucleophilic aspartate was changed to alanine (D204A) allowed visualization of soaked oligosaccharides and led to the identification of the binding site for the alpha(1,3)-linked mannoside of the natural substrate. These studies also indicate that the conformational change of the bound mannoside to a high-energy B 2,5 conformation is facilitated by steric hindrance from, and the formation of strong hydrogen bonds to, Asp204. The observation that 1-thio-linked mannosides are not well tolerated by the catalytic site of dGMII led to the synthesis of a pentasaccharide containing the alpha(1,6)-linked Man of the natural substrate and the beta(1,2)-linked GlcNAc moiety proposed to be accommodated by the extended binding site of the enzyme. A cocrystal structure of this compound with the D204A enzyme revealed the molecular interactions with the beta(1,2)-linked GlcNAc. The structure is consistent with the approximately 80-fold preference of dGMII for the cleavage of substrates containing a nonreducing beta(1,2)-linked GlcNAc. By contrast, the lysosomal mannosidase lacks an equivalent GlcNAc binding site and kinetic analysis indicates oligomannoside substrates without non-reducing-terminal GlcNAc modifications are preferred, suggesting that selective inhibitors for GMII could exploit the additional binding specificity of the GlcNAc binding site.	0
Abstract2class: Benzo-Fused Periacenes or Double Helicenes? Different Cyclodehydrogenation Pathways on Surface and in Solution Abstract: Controlling the regioselectivity of C-H activation in unimolecular reactions is of great significance for the rational synthesis of functional graphene nanostructures, which are called nanographenes. Here, we demonstrate that the adsorption of tetranaphthyl- p-terphenyl precursors on metal surfaces can completely change the cyclodehydrogenation route and lead to obtaining planar benzo-fused perihexacenes rather than double [7]helicenes during solution synthesis. The course of the on-surface planarization reactions is monitored using scanning probe microscopy, which unambiguously reveals the formation of dibenzoperihexacenes and the structures of reaction intermediates. The regioselective planarization can be attributed to the flattened adsorption geometries and the reduced flexibility of the precursors on the surfaces, in addition to the different mechanism of the on-surface cyclodehydrogenation from that of the solution counterpart. We have further achieved the on-surface synthesis of dibenzoperioctacene by employing a tetra-anthryl- p-terphenyl precursor. The energy gaps of the new nanographenes are measured to be approximately 2.1 eV (dibenzoperihexacene) and 1.3 eV (dibenzoperioctacene) on a Au(111) surface. Our findings shed new light on the regioselectivity in cyclodehydrogenation reactions, which will be important for exploring the synthesis of unprecedented nanographenes.	0
Abstract2class: Fused dithienogermolodithiophene low band gap polymers for high-performance organic solar cells without processing additives Abstract: We report the synthesis of a novel ladder-type fused ring donor, dithienogermolodithiophene, in which two thieno[3,2-b]thiophene units are held coplanar by a bridging dialkyl germanium. Polymerization of this extended monomer with N-octylthienopyrrolodione by Stille polycondensation afforded a polymer, pDTTG-TPD, with an optical band gap of 1.75 eV combined with a high ionization potential. Bulk heterojunction solar cells based upon pDTTG-TPD:PC(71)BM blends afforded efficiencies up to 7.2% without the need for thermal annealing or processing additives.	0
Abstract2class: Free-Energy-Based Protein Design: Re-Engineering Cellular Retinoic Acid Binding Protein II Assisted by the Moveable-Type Approach Abstract: How to fine-tune the binding free energy of a small-molecule to a receptor site by altering the amino acid residue composition is a key question in protein engineering. Indeed, the ultimate solution to this problem, to chemical accuracy (±1 kcal/mol), will result in profound and wide-ranging applications in protein design. Numerous tools have been developed to address this question using knowledge-based models to more computationally intensive molecular dynamics simulations-based free energy calculations, but while some success has been achieved there remains room for improvement in terms of overall accuracy and in the speed of the methodology. Here we report a fast, knowledge-based movable-type (MT)-based approach to estimate the absolute and relative free energy of binding as influenced by mutations in a small-molecule binding site in a protein. We retrospectively validate our approach using mutagenesis data for retinoic acid binding to the Cellular Retinoic Acid Binding Protein II (CRABPII) system and then make prospective predictions that are borne out experimentally. The overall performance of our approach is supported by its success in identifying mutants that show high or even sub-nano-molar binding affinities of retinoic acid to the CRABPII system.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanical transition from α-helical coiled coils to β-sheets in fibrin(ogen) Abstract: We characterized the α-to-β transition in α-helical coiled-coil connectors of the human fibrin(ogen) molecule using biomolecular simulations of their forced elongation and theoretical modeling. The force (F)-extension (X) profiles show three distinct regimes: (1) the elastic regime, in which the coiled coils act as entropic springs (F < 100-125 pN; X < 7-8 nm); (2) the constant-force plastic regime, characterized by a force-plateau (F ≈ 150 pN; X ≈ 10-35 nm); and (3) the nonlinear regime (F > 175-200 pN; X > 40-50 nm). In the plastic regime, the three-stranded α-helices undergo a noncooperative phase transition to form parallel three-stranded β-sheets. The critical extension of the α-helices is 0.25 nm, and the energy difference between the α-helices and β-sheets is 4.9 kcal/mol per helical pitch. The soft α-to-β phase transition in coiled coils might be a universal mechanism underlying mechanical properties of filamentous α-helical proteins.	0
Abstract2class: High Electrocatalytic Hydrogen Evolution Activity of an Anomalous Ruthenium Catalyst Abstract: Hydrogen evolution reaction (HER) is a critical process due to its fundamental role in electrocatalysis. Practically, the development of high-performance electrocatalysts for HER in alkaline media is of great importance for the conversion of renewable energy to hydrogen fuel via photoelectrochemical water splitting. However, both mechanistic exploration and materials development for HER under alkaline conditions are very limited. Precious Pt metal, which still serves as the state-of-the-art catalyst for HER, is unable to guarantee a sustainable hydrogen supply. Here we report an anomalously structured Ru catalyst that shows 2.5 times higher hydrogen generation rate than Pt and is among the most active HER electrocatalysts yet reported in alkaline solutions. The identification of new face-centered cubic crystallographic structure of Ru nanoparticles was investigated by high-resolution transmission electron microscopy imaging, and its formation mechanism was revealed by spectroscopic characterization and theoretical analysis. For the first time, it is found that the Ru nanocatalyst showed a pronounced effect of the crystal structure on the electrocatalytic activity tested under different conditions. The combination of electrochemical reaction rate measurements and density functional theory computation shows that the high activity of anomalous Ru catalyst in alkaline solution originates from its suitable adsorption energies to some key reaction intermediates and reaction kinetics in the HER process.	0
Abstract2class: Pt(IV) prodrugs designed to bind non-covalently to human serum albumin for drug delivery Abstract: Albumin is the most abundant protein in human serum and drugs that are administered intravenously inevitably interact with it. We present here a series of platinum(IV) prodrugs designed specifically to enhance interaction with human serum albumin (HSA) for drug delivery. This goal is achieved by asymmetrically functionalizing the axial ligands of the prodrug so as to mimic the overall features of a fatty acid. Systematic variation of the length of the aliphatic tail tunes the cellular uptake and, consequently, the cytotoxicity of cis,cis,trans-[Pt(NH3)2Cl2(O2CCH2CH2COOH)(OCONHR)], 4, where R is a linear alkyl group. Investigation of an analogue bearing a fluorophore conjugated to the succinate ligand confirmed that these compounds are reduced by biological reductants with loss of the axial ligands. Intracellular release of cisplatin from 4 was further confirmed by observing the characteristic effects of cisplatin on the cell cycle and morphology following treatment with the prodrug. The most potent member of series 4, for which R is a hexadecyl chain, interacts with HSA in a 1:1 stoichiometry to form the platinum-protein complex 7. The interaction is non-covalent and extraction with octanol completely removes the prodrug from an aqueous solution of HSA. Construct 7 is robust and can be isolated following fast protein liquid chromatography. The nature of the tight interaction was investigated computationally, and these studies suggest that the prodrug is buried below the surface of the protein. Consequently, complexation to HSA is able to reduce the rate of reduction of the prodrug by ascorbate. The lead compound from series 4 also exhibited significant stability in whole human blood, attributed to its interaction with HSA. This favorable redox profile, in conjunction with the established nonimmunogenicity, biocompatibility, and enhanced tumor accumulation of HSA, produces a system that holds significant therapeutic potential.	0
Abstract2class: Designed post-self-assembly structural and functional modifications of a truncated tetrahedron Abstract: Post-self-assembly modifications of a discrete metal-organic supramolecular structure have been developed. Such modifications allow the properties of the self-assembled supramolecular species to be changed in a simple and efficient manner (>90% yield). Initiated by the application of chemical stimuli, the post-self-assembly modifications described herein result in three distinct changes to the supramolecular system: an individual building-block component change, an overall structural modification, and a functional evolution of a [6+4] metal-organic supramolecular structure. The three modifications have been carefully examined by a range of characterization methods, including NMR and UV-vis spectroscopy, electrospray ionization mass spectrometry, pulsed field gradient spin echo NMR measurements, electrochemical analysis, and computational simulations.	0
Abstract2class: A facile approach toward multicomponent supramolecular structures: selective self-assembly via charge separation Abstract: A novel approach toward the construction of multicomponent two-dimensional (2-D) and three-dimensional (3-D) metallosupramolecules is reported. Simply by mixing carboxylate and pyridyl ligands with cis-Pt(PEt(3))(2)(OTf)(2) in a proper ratio, coordination-driven self-assembly occurs, allowing for the selective generation of discrete multicomponent structures via charge separation on the metal centers. Using this method, a variety of 2-D rectangles and 3-D prisms were prepared under mild conditions. Moreover, multicomponent self-assembly can also be achieved by supramolecule-to-supramolecule transformations. The products were characterized by (31)P and (1)H multinuclear NMR spectroscopy, electrospray ionization mass spectrometry, and pulsed-field-gradient spin echo NMR techniques together with computational simulations.	0
Abstract2class: Direct and quantitative characterization of dynamic ligand exchange between coordination-driven self-assembled supramolecular polygons Abstract: The direct observation of dynamic ligand exchange between Pt-N coordination-driven self-assembled supramolecular polygons (triangles and rectangles) has been achieved using stable (1)H/(2)D isotope labeling of the pyridyl donors and electrospray ionization mass spectrometry combined with NMR spectroscopy. Both the thermodynamic and kinetic aspects of such exchange processes have been established on the basis of quantitative mass spectral results. Further investigation has shown that the exchange is highly dependent on experimental conditions such as temperature, solvent, and the counteranions.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular dynamics of β-hairpin models of epigenetic recognition motifs Abstract: The conformations and stabilities of the β-hairpin model peptides of Waters (Riemen, A. J.; Waters, M. L. Biochemistry 2009, 48, 1525; Hughes, R. M.; Benshoff, M. L.; Waters, M. L. Chemistry 2007, 13, 5753) have been experimentally characterized as a function of lysine ε-methylation. These models were developed to explore molecular recognition of known epigenetic recognition motifs. This system offered an opportunity to computationally examine the role of cation-π interactions, desolvation of the ε-methylated ammonium groups, and aromatic/aromatic interactions on the observed differences in NMR spectra. AMOEBA, a second-generation force field (Ponder, J. W.; Wu, C.; Ren, P.; Pande, V. S.; Chodera, J. D.; Schnieders, M. J.; Haque, I.; Mobley, D. L.; Lambrecht, D. S.; DiStasio, R. A., Jr.; Head-Gordon, M.; Clark, G. N.; Johnson, M. E.; Head-Gordon, T. J. Phys. Chem. B 2010, 114, 2549), was chosen as it includes both multipole electrostatics and polarizability thought to be essential to accurately characterize such interactions. Independent parametrization of ε-methylated amines was required from which aqueous solvation free energies were estimated and shown to agree with literature values. Molecular dynamics simulations (100 ns) using the derived parameters with model peptides, such as Ac-R-W-V-W-V-N-G-Orn-K(Me)(n)-I-L-Q-NH(2), where n = 0, 1, 2, or 3, were conducted in explicit solvent. Distances between the centers of the indole rings of the two-tryptophan residues, 2 and 4, and the ε-methylated ammonium group on Lys-9 as well as the distance between the N- and C-termini were monitored to estimate the strength and orientation of the cation-π and aromatic/aromatic interactions. In agreement with the experimental data, the stability of the β-hairpin increased significantly with lysine ε-methylation. The ability of MD simulations to reproduce the observed NOEs for the four peptides was further estimated for the monopole-based force fields, AMBER, CHARMM, and OPLSAA. AMOEBA correctly predicted over 80% of the observed NOEs for all 4 peptides, while the three-monopole force fields were 40-50% predictive in only 2 cases and approximately 10% in the other 10 examples. Preliminary analysis suggests that the decreased cost of desolvation of the substituted ammonium group significantly compensated for the reduced cation-π interaction resulting from the increased separation due to steric bulk of the ε-methylated amines.	0
Abstract2class: Probing the Action of Chemical Denaturant on an Intrinsically Disordered Protein by Simulation and Experiment Abstract: Chemical denaturants are the most commonly used agents for unfolding proteins and are thought to act by better solvating the unfolded state. Improved solvation is expected to lead to an expansion of unfolded chains with increasing denaturant concentration, providing a sensitive probe of the denaturant action. However, experiments have so far yielded qualitatively different results concerning the effects of chemical denaturation. Studies using Förster resonance energy transfer (FRET) and other methods found an increase in radius of gyration with denaturant concentration, but most small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) studies found no change. This discrepancy therefore challenges our understanding of denaturation mechanism and more generally the accuracy of these experiments as applied to unfolded or disordered proteins. Here, we use all-atom molecular simulations to investigate the effect of urea and guanidinium chloride on the structure of the intrinsically disordered protein ACTR, which can be studied by experiment over a wide range of denaturant concentration. Using unbiased molecular simulations with a carefully calibrated denaturant model, we find that the protein chain indeed swells with increasing denaturant concentration. This is due to the favorable association of urea or guanidinium chloride with the backbone of all residues and with the side-chains of almost all residues, with denaturant-water transfer free energies inferred from this association in reasonable accord with experimental estimates. Interactions of the denaturants with the backbone are dominated by hydrogen bonding, while interactions with side-chains include other contributions. By computing FRET efficiencies and SAXS intensities at each denaturant concentration, we show that the simulation trajectories are in accord with both experiments on this protein, demonstrating that there is no fundamental inconsistency between the two types of experiment. Agreement with experiment also supports the picture of chemical denaturation described in our simulations, driven by weak association of denaturant with the protein. Our simulations support some assumptions needed for each experiment to accurately reflect changes in protein size, namely, that the commonly used FRET chromophores do not qualitatively alter the results and that possible effects such as preferential solvent partitioning into the interior of the chain do not interfere with the determination of radius of gyration from the SAXS experiments.	0
Abstract2class: Helix-Dependent Spin Filtering through the DNA Duplex Abstract: Recent work suggests that electrons can travel through DNA and other chiral molecules in a spin-selective manner, but little is known about the origin of this spin selectivity. Here we describe experiments on magnetized DNA-modified electrodes to explore spin-selective electron transport through hydrated duplex DNA. Our results show that the two spins migrate through duplex DNA with a different yield and that spin selectivity requires charge transport through the DNA duplex. Significantly, shifting the same duplex DNA between right-handed B- and left-handed Z-forms leads to a diode-like switch in spin selectivity; which spin moves more efficiently through the duplex depends upon the DNA helicity. With DNA, the supramolecular organization of chiral moieties, rather than the chirality of the individual monomers, determines the selectivity in spin, and thus a conformational change can switch the spin selectivity.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of isotopically sensitive branching on product distribution for pentalenene synthase: support for a mechanism predicted by quantum chemistry Abstract: Mechanistic proposals for the carbocation cascade reaction leading to the tricyclic sesquiterpene pentalenene are assessed in light of the results of isotopically sensitive branching experiments with the H309A mutant of pentalenene synthase. These experimental results support a mechanism for pentalenene formation involving a 7-protoilludyl cation whose intermediacy was first predicted using quantum-chemical calculations.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering the redox potential over a wide range within a new class of FeS proteins Abstract: MitoNEET is a newly discovered mitochondrial protein and a target of the TZD class of antidiabetes drugs. MitoNEET is homodimeric with each protomer binding a [2Fe-2S] center through a rare 3-Cys and 1-His coordination geometry. Both the fold and the coordination of the [2Fe-2S] centers suggest that it could have novel properties compared to other known [2Fe-2S] proteins. We tested the robustness of mitoNEET to mutation and the range over which the redox potential (E(M)) could be tuned. We found that the protein could tolerate an array of mutations that modified the E(M) of the [2Fe-2S] center over a range of ∼700 mV, which is the largest E(M) range engineered in an FeS protein and, importantly, spans the cellular redox range (+200 to -300 mV). These properties make mitoNEET potentially useful for both physiological studies and industrial applications as a stable, water-soluble, redox agent.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective Decarboxylative Arylation of α-Amino Acids via the Merger of Photoredox and Nickel Catalysis Abstract: An asymmetric decarboxylative Csp(3)-Csp(2) cross-coupling has been achieved via the synergistic merger of photoredox and nickel catalysis. This mild, operationally simple protocol transforms a wide variety of naturally abundant α-amino acids and readily available aryl halides into valuable chiral benzylic amines in high enantiomeric excess, thereby producing motifs found in pharmacologically active agents.	0
Abstract2class: Decarboxylative arylation of α-amino acids via photoredox catalysis: a one-step conversion of biomass to drug pharmacophore Abstract: The direct decarboxylative arylation of α-amino acids has been achieved via visible light-mediated photoredox catalysis. This method offers rapid entry to prevalent benzylic amine architectures from an abundant biomass, specifically α-amino acid precursors. Significant substrate scope is observed with respect to both the amino acid and arene components.	0
Abstract2class: High specificity, electrochemical sandwich assays based on single aptamer sequences and suitable for the direct detection of small-molecule targets in blood and other complex matrices Abstract: We herein demonstrate a sandwich assay based on single aptamer sequences is suitable for the direct detection of small molecule targets in blood serum and other complex matrices. By splitting an aptamer into two pieces, we convert a single affinity reagent into a two-component system in which the presence of the target drives formation of a complex comprised of the target and the two halves of the aptamer. To demonstrate the utility of this approach we have used single anticocaine and anti-ATP aptamers to fabricate electrochemical sensors directed against the representative small molecules cocaine and ATP. Both targets are detected at low micromolar concentrations, in seconds, and in a convenient, general, readily reusable, electrochemical format. Moreover, both sensors are selective enough to deploy directly in blood, crude cellular lysates and other complex sample matrices.	0
Abstract2class: M2@C79N (M = Y, Tb): isolation and characterization of stable endohedral metallofullerenes exhibiting M-M bonding interactions inside aza[80]fullerene cages Abstract: Y2@C79N and Tb2@C79N have been prepared by conducting the Kratschmer-Huffman electric-arc process under 20 Torr of N2 and 280 Torr of He with metal oxide-doped graphite rods. These new heterofullerenes were separated from the resulting mixture of empty cage fullerenes and endohedral fullerenes by chemical separation and a two-stage chromatographic process. Crystallographic data for Tb2@C79N x Ni(OEP) x 2 C6H6 demonstrate the presence of an 80-atom cage with idealized I(h) symmetry and two, widely separated Tb atoms inside with a Tb-Tb separation of 3.9020(10) A for the major terbium sites. The EPR spectrum of the odd-electron Y2@C79N indicates that the spin density largely resides on the two equivalent yttrium ions. Computational studies on Y2@C79N suggest that the nitrogen atom resides at a 665 ring junction in the equator on the fullerene cage and that the unpaired electron is localized in a bonding orbital between the two yttrium ions of this stable radical. Thus, the Tb-Tb bond length of the single-electron bond is an exceedingly long metal-metal bond.	0
Abstract2class: Practical Synthesis of Amides via Copper/ABNO-Catalyzed Aerobic Oxidative Coupling of Alcohols and Amines Abstract: A modular Cu/ABNO catalyst system has been identified that enables efficient aerobic oxidative coupling of alcohols and amines to amides. All four permutations of benzylic/aliphatic alcohols and primary/secondary amines are viable in this reaction, enabling broad access to secondary and tertiary amides. The reactions exhibit excellent functional group compatibility and are complete within 30 min-3 h at rt. All components of the catalyst system are commercially available.	0
Abstract2class: Nickel-catalyzed carbon-carbon bond-forming reactions of unactivated tertiary alkyl halides: Suzuki arylations Abstract: The first Suzuki cross-couplings of unactivated tertiary alkyl electrophiles are described. The method employs a readily accessible catalyst (NiBr(2)·diglyme/4,4'-di-tert-butyl-2,2'-bipyridine, both commercially available) and represents the initial example of the use of a group 10 catalyst to cross-couple unactivated tertiary electrophiles to form C-C bonds. This approach to the synthesis of all-carbon quaternary carbon centers does not suffer from isomerization of the alkyl group, in contrast with the umpolung strategy for this bond construction (cross-coupling of a tertiary alkylmetal with an aryl electrophile). Preliminary mechanistic studies are consistent with the generation of a radical intermediate along the reaction pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic asymmetric γ-alkylation of carbonyl compounds via stereoconvergent Suzuki cross-couplings Abstract: With the aid of a chiral nickel catalyst, enantioselective γ- (and δ-) alkylations of carbonyl compounds can be achieved through the coupling of γ-haloamides with alkylboranes. In addition to primary alkyl nucleophiles, for the first time for an asymmetric cross-coupling of an unactivated alkyl electrophile, an arylmetal, a boronate ester, and a secondary (cyclopropyl) alkylmetal compound are shown to couple with significant enantioselectivity. A mechanistic study indicates that cleavage of the carbon-halogen bond of the electrophile is irreversible under the conditions for asymmetric carbon-carbon bond formation.	0
Abstract2class: Competitive activity-based protein profiling identifies aza-β-lactams as a versatile chemotype for serine hydrolase inhibition Abstract: Serine hydrolases are one of the largest and most diverse enzyme classes in Nature. Most serine hydrolases lack selective inhibitors, which are valuable probes for assigning functions to these enzymes. We recently discovered a set of aza-β-lactams (ABLs) that act as potent and selective inhibitors of the mammalian serine hydrolase protein-phosphatase methylesterase-1 (PME-1). The ABLs inactivate PME-1 by covalent acylation of the enzyme's serine nucleophile, suggesting that they could offer a general scaffold for serine hydrolase inhibitor discovery. Here, we have tested this hypothesis by screening ABLs more broadly against cell and tissue proteomes by competitive activity-based protein profiling (ABPP), leading to the discovery of lead inhibitors for several serine hydrolases, including the uncharacterized enzyme α,β-hydrolase domain-containing 10 (ABHD10). ABPP-guided medicinal chemistry yielded a compound ABL303 that potently (IC(50) ≈ 30 nM) and selectively inactivated ABHD10 in vitro and in living cells. A comparison of optimized inhibitors for PME-1 and ABHD10 indicates that modest structural changes that alter steric bulk can tailor the ABL to selectively react with distinct, distantly related serine hydrolases. Our findings, taken together, designate the ABL as a versatile reactive group for creating first-in-class serine hydrolase inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism of amido-thiourea catalyzed enantioselective imine hydrocyanation: transition state stabilization via multiple non-covalent interactions Abstract: An experimental and computational investigation of amido-thiourea promoted imine hydrocyanation has revealed a new and unexpected mechanism of catalysis. Rather than direct activation of the imine by the thiourea, as had been proposed previously in related systems, the data are consistent with a mechanism involving catalyst-promoted proton transfer from hydrogen isocyanide to imine to generate diastereomeric iminium/cyanide ion pairs that are bound to catalyst through multiple noncovalent interactions; these ion pairs collapse to form the enantiomeric alpha-aminonitrile products. This mechanistic proposal is supported by the observation of a statistically significant correlation between experimental and calculated enantioselectivities induced by eight different catalysts (P << 0.01). The computed models reveal a basis for enantioselectivity that involves multiple stabilizing and destabilizing interactions between substrate and catalyst, including thiourea-cyanide and amide-iminium interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Tandem prenyltransferases catalyze isoprenoid elongation and complexity generation in biosynthesis of quinolone alkaloids Abstract: Modification of natural products with prenyl groups and the ensuing oxidative transformations are important for introducing structural complexity and biological activities. Penigequinolones (1) are potent insecticidal alkaloids that contain a highly modified 10-carbon prenyl group. Here we reveal an iterative prenylation mechanism for installing the 10-carbon unit using two aromatic prenyltransferases (PenI and PenG) present in the gene cluster of 1 from Penicillium thymicola. The initial Friedel-Crafts alkylation is catalyzed by PenI to yield dimethylallyl quinolone 6. The five-carbon side chain is then dehydrogenated by a flavin-dependent monooxygenase to give aryl diene 9, which serves as the electron-rich substrate for a second alkylation with dimethylallyl diphosphate to yield stryrenyl product 10. The completed, oxidized 10-carbon prenyl group then undergoes further structural morphing to yield yaequinolone C (12), the immediate precursor of 1. Our studies have therefore uncovered an unprecedented prenyl chain extension mechanism in natural product biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of (-)-Nodulisporic Acids D, C, and B: Evolution of a Unified Synthetic Strategy Abstract: A unified synthetic strategy leading to the total synthesis of (-)-nodulisporic acids D, C, and B is described. Key synthetic transformations include a nickel-chromium-mediated cyclization, an aromatic ring functionalization employing a novel copper-promoted alkylation, a palladium-catalyzed cross-coupling cascade/indole ring construction, and a palladium-mediated regio- and diastereoselective allylic substitution/cyclization reaction, the latter to construct ring D.	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of (-)-Nodulisporic Acid D Abstract: A convergent total synthesis of the architecturally complex indole diterpenoid (-)-nodulisporic acid D has been achieved. Key synthetic transformations include vicinal difunctionalization of an advanced α,β-unsaturated aldehyde to form the E,F-trans-fused 5,6-ring system of the eastern hemisphere and a cascade cross-coupling/indolization protocol leading to the CDE multisubstituted indole core.	0
Abstract2class: Experimental and Computational Analysis of Protein Stabilization by Gly-to-d-Ala Substitution: A Convolution of Native State and Unfolded State Effects Abstract: The rational and predictable enhancement of protein stability is an important goal in protein design. Most efforts target the folded state, however stability is the free energy difference between the folded and unfolded states thus both are suitable targets. Strategies directed at the unfolded state usually seek to decrease chain entropy by introducing cross-links or by replacing glycines. Cross-linking has led to mixed results. Replacement of glycine with an l-amino acid, while reducing the entropy of the unfolded state, can introduce unfavorable steric interactions in the folded state, since glycine is often found in conformations that require a positive φ angle such as helical C-capping motifs or type I' and II″ β-turns. l-Amino acids are strongly disfavored in these conformations, but d-amino acids are not. However, there are few reported examples and conflicting results have been obtained when glycines are replaced with d-Ala. We critically examine the effect of Gly-to-d-Ala substitutions on protein stability using experimental approaches together with molecular dynamics simulations and free energy calculations. The data, together with a survey of high resolution structures, show that the vast majority of proteins can be stabilized by substitution of C-capping glycines with d-Ala. Sites suitable for substitutions can be identified via sequence alignment with a high degree of success. Steric clashes in the native state due to the new side chain are rarely observed, but are likely responsible for the destabilizing or null effect observed for the small subset of Gly-to-d-Ala substitutions which are not stabilizing. Changes in backbone solvation play less of a role. Favorable candidates for d-Ala substitution can be identified using a rapid algorithm based on molecular mechanics.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoenzymatic synthesis and Fcγ receptor binding of homogeneous glycoforms of antibody Fc domain. Presence of a bisecting sugar moiety enhances the affinity of Fc to FcγIIIa receptor Abstract: Structurally well-defined IgG-Fc glycoforms are highly demanded for understanding the effects of glycosylation on an antibody's effector functions. We report in this paper chemoenzymatic synthesis and Fcγ receptor binding of an array of homogeneous IgG-Fc glycoforms. The chemoenzymatic approach consists of the chemical synthesis of defined N-glycan oxazolines as donor substrates, the expression of the Fc domain in a CHO cell line in the presence of an α-mannosidase inhibitor kifunensine, and an endoglycosidase-catalyzed glycosylation of the deglycosylated Fc domain (GlcNAc-Fc homodimer) with the synthetic glycan oxazolines. The enzyme from Arthrobacter protophormiae (Endo-A) was found to be remarkably efficient to take various modified N-glycan core oxazolines, including the bisecting sugar-containing derivatives, for Fc glycosylation remodeling, resulting in the formation of the corresponding homogeneous Fc glycoforms. Nevertheless, neither Endo-A nor the Mucor hiemalis endoglycosidase mutants (EndoM-N175A and EndoM-N175Q) were able to transfer full-length complex-type N-glycan to the Fc domain, implicating the limitations of these two enzymes in Fc glycosylation remodeling. Surface plasmon resonance (SPR) binding studies with the synthetic IgG-Fc glycoforms unambiguously proved that the presence of a bisecting GlcNAc moiety could significantly enhance the binding of Fc to FcγRIIIa, the activating Fcγ receptor, independent of Fc core-fucosylation. Interestingly, the Fc glycoforms carrying an unusual bisecting sugar moiety such as a mannose or a LacNAc moiety also demonstrated enhanced affinity to FcγRIIIa. On the orther hand, the presence of a bisecting GlcNAc or core-fucosylation had little effect on the affinity of Fc to the inhibitory Fcγ receptor, FcγRIIb. Our experimental data also showed that the α-linked mannose residues in the pentasaccharide Man3GlcNAc2 core was essential to maintain a high affinity of Fc to both FcγRIIIa and FcγRIIb. The synthetic homogeneous Fc glycoforms thus provide a useful tool for elucidating how a fine Fc N-glycan structure precisely affects the function of the Fc domain.	0
Abstract2class: A molecular platinum cluster junction: a single-molecule switch Abstract: We present a theoretical study of electron transport through single-molecule junctions incorporating a Pt(6) metal cluster bound within an organic framework. The insertion of this molecule between a pair of electrodes leads to a fully atomically engineered nanometallic device with high conductance at the Fermi level and two sequential high on/off switching states. The origin of this property can be traced back to the existence of a degenerate HOMO consisting of two asymmetric orbitals with energies close to the Fermi level of the metal leads. The degeneracy is broken when the molecule is contacted to the leads, giving rise to two resonances that become pinned to the Fermi level and display destructive interference.	0
Abstract2class: Self-assembling small molecules form nanofibrils that bind procaspase-3 to promote activation Abstract: Modulating enzyme function with small-molecule activators, as opposed to inhibitors, offers new opportunities for drug discovery and allosteric regulation. We previously identified a compound, called 1541, from a high-throughput screen (HTS) that stimulates activation of a proenzyme, procaspase-3, to generate mature caspase-3. Here we further investigate the mechanism of activation and report the surprising finding that 1541 self-assembles into nanofibrils exceeding 1 μm in length. These particles are an unanticipated outcome from an HTS that have properties distinct from standard globular protein aggregators. Moreover, 1541 nanofibrils function as a unique biocatalytic material that activates procaspase-3 via induced proximity. These studies demonstrate a novel approach for proenzyme activation through binding to fibrils, which may mimic how procaspases are naturally processed on protein scaffolds.	0
Abstract2class: Modulation of the ligand-field anisotropy in a series of ferric low-spin cytochrome c mutants derived from Pseudomonas aeruginosa cytochrome c-551 and Nitrosomonas europaea cytochrome c-552: a nuclear magnetic resonance and electron paramagnetic resonance study Abstract: Cytochromes of the c type with histidine-methionine (His-Met) heme axial ligation play important roles in electron-transfer reactions and in enzymes. In this work, two series of cytochrome c mutants derived from Pseudomonas aeruginosa (Pa c-551) and from the ammonia-oxidizing bacterium Nitrosomonas europaea (Ne c-552) were engineered and overexpressed. In these proteins, point mutations were induced in a key residue (Asn64) near the Met axial ligand; these mutations have a considerable impact both on heme ligand-field strength and on the Met orientation and dynamics (fluxionality), as judged by low-temperature electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectra. Ne c-552 has a ferric low-spin (S = 1/2) EPR signal characterized by large g anisotropy with g(max) resonance at 3.34; a similar large g(max) value EPR signal is found in the mitochondrial complex III cytochrome c1. In Ne c-552, deletion of Asn64 (NeN64Delta) changes the heme ligand field from more axial to rhombic (small g anisotropy and g(max) at 3.13) and furthermore hinders the Met fluxionality present in the wild-type protein. In Pa c-551 (g(max) at 3.20), replacement of Asn64 with valine (PaN64V) induces a decrease in the axial strain (g(max) at 3.05) and changes the Met configuration. Another set of mutants prepared by insertion (ins) and/or deletion (Delta) of a valine residue adjacent to Asn64, resulting in modifications in the length of the axial Met-donating loop (NeV65Delta, NeG50N/V65Delta, PaN50G/V65ins), did not result in appreciable alterations of the originally weak (Ne c-552) or very weak (Pa c-551) axial field but had an impact on Met orientation, fluxionality, and relaxation dynamics. Comparison of the electronic fingerprints in the overexpressed proteins and their mutants reveals a linear relationship between axial strain and average paramagnetic heme methyl shifts, irrespective of Met orientation or dynamics. Thus, for these His-Met axially coordinated Fe(III), the large g(max) value EPR signal does not represent a special case as is observed for bis-His axially coordinated Fe(III) with the two His planes perpendicular to each other.	0
Abstract2class: Lasso Peptide Benenodin-1 Is a Thermally Actuated [1]Rotaxane Switch Abstract: Mechanically interlocked molecules that change their conformation in response to stimuli have been developed by synthetic chemists as building blocks for molecular machines. Here we describe a natural product, the lasso peptide benenodin-1, which exhibits conformational switching between two distinct threaded conformers upon actuation by heat. We have determined the structures of both conformers and have characterized the kinetics and energetics of the conformational switch. Single amino acid substitutions to benenodin-1 generate peptides that are biased to a single conformer, showing that the switching behavior is potentially an evolvable trait in these peptides. Lasso peptides such as benenodin-1 can be recognized and cleaved by enzymes called lasso peptide isopeptidases. We show that only the native conformer of benenodin-1 is cleaved by its cognate isopeptidase. Thus, thermally induced conformational switching of benenodin-1 may also be relevant to the biological function of these molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Heparan Sulfate Microarray Reveals That Heparan Sulfate-Protein Binding Exhibits Different Ligand Requirements Abstract: Heparan sulfates (HS) are linear sulfated polysaccharides that modulate a wide range of physiological and disease-processes. Variations in HS epimerization and sulfation provide enormous structural diversity, which is believed to underpin protein binding and regulatory properties. The ligand requirements of HS-binding proteins have, however, been defined in only a few cases. We describe here a synthetic methodology that can rapidly provide a library of well-defined HS oligosaccharides. It is based on the use of modular disaccharides to assemble several selectively protected tetrasaccharides that were subjected to selective chemical modifications such as regioselective O- and N-sulfation and selective de-sulfation. A number of the resulting compounds were subjected to enzymatic modifications by 3-O-sulfotransferases-1 (3-OST1) to provide 3-O-sulfated derivatives. The various approaches for diversification allowed one tetrasaccharide to be converted into 12 differently sulfated derivatives. By employing tetrasaccharides with different backbone compositions, a library of 47 HS-oligosaccharides was prepared and the resulting compounds were used to construct a HS microarray. The ligand requirements of a number of HS-binding proteins including fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF-2), and the chemokines CCL2, CCL5, CCL7, CCL13, CXCL8, and CXCL10 were examined using the array. Although all proteins recognized multiple compounds, they exhibited clear differences in structure-binding characteristics. The HS microarray data guided the selection of compounds that could interfere in biological processes such as cell proliferation. Although the library does not cover the entire chemical space of HS-tetrasaccharides, the binding data support a notion that changes in cell surface HS composition can modulate protein function.	0
Abstract2class: Integrated Approach to Identify Heparan Sulfate Ligand Requirements of Robo1 Abstract: An integrated methodology is described to establish ligand requirements for heparan sulfate (HS) binding proteins based on a workflow in which HS octasaccharides are produced by partial enzymatic degradation of natural HS followed by size exclusion purification, affinity enrichment using an immobilized HS-binding protein of interest, putative structure determination of isolated compounds by a hydrophilic interaction chromatography-high-resolution mass spectrometry platform, and chemical synthesis of well-defined HS oligosaccharides for structure-activity relationship studies. The methodology was used to establish the ligand requirements of human Roundabout receptor 1 (Robo1), which is involved in a number of developmental processes. Mass spectrometric analysis of the starting octasaccharide mixture and the Robo1-bound fraction indicated that Robo1 has a preference for a specific set of structures. Further analysis was performed by sequential permethylation, desulfation, and pertrideuteroacetylation followed by online separation and structural analysis by MS/MS. Sequences of tetrasaccharides could be deduced from the data, and by combining the compositional and sequence data, a putative octasaccharide ligand could be proposed (GlA-GlcNS6S-IdoA-GlcNS-IdoA2S-GlcNS6S-IdoA-GlcNAc6S). A modular synthetic approach was employed to prepare the target compound, and binding studies by surface plasmon resonance (SPR) confirmed it to be a high affinity ligand for Robo1. Further studies with a number of tetrasaccharides confirmed that sulfate esters at C-6 are critical for binding, whereas such functionalities at C-2 substantially reduce binding. High affinity ligands were able to reverse a reduction in endothelial cell migration induced by Slit2-Robo1 signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Studies of aluminum reinsertion into borosilicate zeolites with intersecting channels of 10- and 12-ring channel systems Abstract: The work here describes the kinetic analyses of aluminum replacement for boron in a suite of borosilicate molecular sieves. While the method has been described before as a means of converting synthesized borosilicates (with weak inherent acidity) to aluminosilicates (with much stronger acid strength) when there are large pores in the structure, here we carry out the transformation under less than optimal replacement concentrations, in order to better follow the kinetics. We examined several zeolite structures with boundary conditions of boron MEL where there are only 10-ring (or intermediate) pore structures and no Al is taken up, to multidimensional large pore zeolites, like boron beta, where Al substitution can occur everywhere. We also studied materials with both intermediate and large pores, SSZ-56, 57, 70, and 82. In the case of 57 up to 90% of the structure is made up of boron MEL. We observe that the pH drop is proportional to the Al reinsertion and is the same for all zeolites we studied. In one case, we compared a zeolite (SSZ-24) with boron and then no boron sites and found that Al does not go into defect sites. It was again confirmed (shown in earlier work) that Al will go into nest sites created by boron hydrolysis out of the substrate before Al treatment. Along those lines we also made two new observations: (1) the profile for Al uptake, as followed by pH drop, is the same kinetically, whether the boron is there or not; and (2) NMR showed that the boron is leaving the structure faster than Al can go back in (SSZ-33 study), even when we treat a material with boron in the lattice.	0
Abstract2class: Protein phosphorylation and intermolecular electron transfer: a joint experimental and computational study of a hormone biosynthesis pathway Abstract: Protein phosphorylation is a common regulator of enzyme activity. Chemical modification of a protein surface, including phosphorylation, could alter the function of biological electron-transfer reactions. However, the sensitivity of intermolecular electron-transfer kinetics to post-translational protein modifications has not been widely investigated. We have therefore combined experimental and computational studies to assess the potential role of phosphorylation in electron-transfer reactions. We investigated the steroid hydroxylating system from bovine adrenal glands, which consists of adrenodoxin (Adx), adrenodoxin reductase (AdR), and a cytochrome P450, CYP11A1. We focused on the phosphorylation of Adx at Thr-71, since this residue is located in the acidic interaction domain of Adx, and a recent study has demonstrated that this residue is phosphorylated by casein kinase 2 (CK2) in vitro.1 Optical biosensor experiments indicate that the presence of this phosphorylation slightly increases the binding affinity of oxidized Adx with CYP11A1ox but not AdRox. This tendency was confirmed by KA values extracted from Adx concentration-dependent stopped-flow experiments that characterize the interaction between AdRred and Adxox or between Adxred and CYP11A1ox. In addition, acceleration of the electron-transfer kinetics measured with stopped-flow is seen only for the phosphorylated Adx-CYP11A1 reaction. Biphasic reaction kinetics are observed only when Adx is phosphorylated at Thr-71, and the Brownian dynamics (BD) simulations suggest that this phosphorylation may enhance the formation of a secondary Adx-CYP11A1 binding complex that provides an additional electron-transfer pathway with enhanced coupling.	0
Abstract2class: Modulating Enzyme Catalysis through Mutations Designed to Alter Rapid Protein Dynamics Abstract: The relevance of sub-picosecond protein motions to the catalytic event remains a topic of debate. Heavy enzymes (isotopically substituted) provide an experimental tool for bond-vibrational links to enzyme catalysis. A recent transition path sampling study with heavy purine nucleoside phosphorylase (PNP) characterized the experimentally observed mass-dependent slowing of barrier crossing (Antoniou, D.; Ge, X.; Schramm, V. L.; Schwartz, S. D. J. Phys. Chem. Lett. 2012, 3, 3538). Here we computationally identify second-sphere amino acid residues predicted to influence the freedom of the catalytic site vibrational modes linked to heavy enzyme effects in PNP. We mutated heavy and light PNPs to increase the catalytic site vibrational freedom. Enzymatic barrier-crossing rates were converted from mass-dependent to mass-independent as a result of the mutations. The mutagenic uncoupling of femtosecond motions between catalytic site groups and reactants decreased transition state barrier crossing by 2 orders of magnitude, an indication of the femtosecond dynamic contributions to catalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Gold(I)-catalyzed dearomative Rautenstrauch rearrangement: enantioselective access to cyclopenta[b]indoles Abstract: A highly enantioselective dearomative Rautenstrauch rearrangement catalyzed by cationic (S)-DTBM-Segphosgold(I) is reported. This reaction provides a straightforward method to prepare enantioenriched cyclopenta[b]indoles. These studies show vast difference in enantioselectivity in the reactions of propargyl acetates and propargyl acetals in the chiral ligand-controlled Rautenstrauch reaction.	0
Abstract2class: An in situ directing group strategy for chiral anion phase-transfer fluorination of allylic alcohols Abstract: An enantioselective fluorination of allylic alcohols under chiral anion phase-transfer conditions is reported. The in situ generation of a directing group proved crucial for achieving effective enantiocontrol. In the presence of such a directing group, a range of acyclic substrates underwent fluorination to afford highly enantioenriched α-fluoro homoallylic alcohols. Mechanistic studies suggest that this transformation proceeds through a concerted enantiodetermining transition state involving both C-F bond formation and C-H bond cleavage.	0
Abstract2class: Gold(I)-catalyzed enantioselective carboalkoxylation of alkynes Abstract: A highly enantioselective carboalkoxylation of alkynes catalyzed by cationic (DTBM-MeO-Biphep)gold(I) complexes is reported. Various optically active β-alkoxyindanone derivatives were obtained in good yields with high enantioselectivities. Furthermore, this methodology was extended to the enantioselective synthesis of 3-methoxycyclopentenones. The reaction is proposed to proceed through an enantioselective cyclization of intermediates containing vinylgold(I) and prochiral oxocarbenium moieties.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthesis of lycosantalonol, a cis-prenyl derived diterpenoid Abstract: Terpenoid natural products are generally derived from isoprenyl diphosphate precursors with trans double-bond configuration, and no diterpenoid derived from the cisoid precursor (Z,Z,Z)-nerylneryl diphosphate (1) has yet been identified. Here further investigation of a terpenoid biosynthetic gene cluster from tomato is reported, which resulted in identification of a biosynthetic pathway from 1, in a pathway featuring a number of interesting transformations. Compound 1 is first cyclized to a tricyclene core ring structure analogous to that found in α-santalene, with the resulting diterpene termed here lycosantalene (2). Quantum chemical calculations indicate a role for the diphosphate anion coproduct in this cyclization reaction. Subsequently, the internal cis double bond of the neryl side chain in 2 is then further transformed to an α-hydroxy ketone moiety via an epoxide intermediate (3). Oxygen labeling studies indicate 3 undergoes oxidative conversion to lycosantalonol (4). Thus, in addition to elucidating the cisoid origins of 4, this work has further provided mechanistic insight into the interesting transformations required for its production.	0
Abstract2class: Protein folding, protein collapse, and tanford's transfer model: lessons from single-molecule FRET Abstract: The essential and nontrivial role of the denatured state of proteins in their folding reaction is being increasingly scrutinized in recent years. Single molecule FRET (smFRET) experiments show that the denatured state undergoes a continuous collapse (or coil-to-globule) transition as the concentration of a chemical denaturant is decreased, suggesting that conformational entropy of the denatured state is an important part of the free energy of folding. Such observations question the validity of the classical Tanford transfer model, which suggests that the folding free energy can be understood solely based on the difference in amino acid solvation between the folded state and a fixed unfolded state. An alternative to the transfer model is obtained here from a polymer theoretical analysis of a series of published smFRET data. The analysis shows that the free energy of denatured-state collapse has a linear dependence on denaturant concentration, an outcome of the interplay between enthalpic and entropic contributions. Surprisingly, the slope of the free energy of collapse agrees very well with the respective slope of the free energy of folding. This conformity of values obtained from two very different measurements shows that it is the collapse transition in the denatured state which mediates the effect of denaturants on folding. The energetics of folding are thus governed by the competition of solvation and conformational entropy in the denatured state.	0
Abstract2class: Structure of the nucleotide radical formed during reaction of CDP/TTP with the E441Q-alpha2beta2 of E. coli ribonucleotide reductase Abstract: The Escherichia coli ribonucleotide reductase (RNR) catalyzes the conversion of nucleoside diphosphates to deoxynucleotides and requires a diferric-tyrosyl radical cofactor for catalysis. RNR is composed of a 1:1 complex of two homodimeric subunits: alpha and beta. Incubation of the E441Q-alpha mutant RNR with substrate CDP and allosteric effector TTP results in loss of the tyrosyl radical and formation of two new radicals on the 200 ms to min time scale. The first radical was previously established by stopped flow UV/vis spectroscopy and pulsed high field EPR spectroscopy to be a disulfide radical anion. The second radical was proposed to be a 4'-radical of a 3'-keto-2'-deoxycytidine 5'-diphosphate. To identify the structure of the nucleotide radical [1'-(2)H], [2'-(2)H], [4'-(2)H], [5'-(2)H], [U-(13)C, (15)N], [U-(15)N], and [5,6 -(2)H] CDP and [beta-(2)H] cysteine-alpha were synthesized and incubated with E441Q-alpha2beta2 and TTP. The nucleotide radical was examined by 9 GHz and 140 GHz pulsed EPR spectroscopy and 35 GHz ENDOR spectroscopy. Substitution of (2)H at C4' and C1' altered the observed hyperfine interactions of the nucleotide radical and established that the observed structure was not that predicted. DFT calculations (B3LYP/IGLO-III/B3LYP/TZVP) were carried out in an effort to recapitulate the spectroscopic observations and lead to a new structure consistent with all of the experimental data. The results indicate, unexpectedly, that the radical is a semidione nucleotide radical of cytidine 5'-diphosphate. The relationship of this radical to the disulfide radical anion is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Dynamics of ligand binding from 13C NMR relaxation dispersion at natural abundance Abstract: We show that Carr-Purcell-Meiboom-Gill (CPMG) 13Calpha NMR relaxation dispersion measurements are a viable means for profiling mus-ms ligand dynamics involved in receptor binding. Critically, the dispersion is at natural 13C abundance; this matches typical pharmaceutical research settings in which ligand isotope-labeling is often impractical. The dispersion reveals ligand 13Calpha nuclei that experience mus-ms modulation of their chemical shifts due to binding. 13Calpha shifts are dominated by local torsion angles , psi, chi1; hence, these experiments identify flexible torsion angles that may assist complex formation. Since the experiments detect the ligand, they are viable even in the absence of a receptor structure. The mus-ms dynamic information gained helps establish flexibility-activity relationships. We apply these experiments to study the binding of a phospho-peptide substrate ligand to the peptidyl-prolyl isomerase Pin1.	0
Abstract2class: Size series of small indium arsenide-zinc selenide core-shell nanocrystals and their application to in vivo imaging Abstract: We have developed a size series of unusually small, water-soluble (InAs)ZnSe (core)shell quantum dots (QDs) that emit in the near-infrared and exhibit new behavior in vivo, including multiple sequential lymph node mapping and extravasation from the vasculature. The biological utility of these fluorescent probes resulted from our intentional choice to match the semiconductor material and water-soluble ligand with a desired final hydrodynamic diameter and emission wavelength.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleation of NaCl from Aqueous Solution: Critical Sizes, Ion-Attachment Kinetics, and Rates Abstract: Nucleation and crystal growth are important in material synthesis, climate modeling, biomineralization, and pharmaceutical formulation. Despite tremendous efforts, the mechanisms and kinetics of nucleation remain elusive to both theory and experiment. Here we investigate sodium chloride (NaCl) nucleation from supersaturated brines using seeded atomistic simulations, polymorph-specific order parameters, and elements of classical nucleation theory. We find that NaCl nucleates via the common rock salt structure. Ion desolvation-not diffusion-is identified as the limiting resistance to attachment. Two different analyses give approximately consistent attachment kinetics: diffusion along the nucleus size coordinate and reaction-diffusion analysis of approach-to-coexistence simulation data from Aragones et al. ( J. Chem. Phys. 2012, 136, 244508 ). Our simulations were performed at realistic supersaturations to enable the first direct comparison to experimental nucleation rates for this system. The computed and measured rates converge to a common upper limit at extremely high supersaturation. However, our rate predictions are between 15 and 30 orders of magnitude too fast. We comment on possible origins of the large discrepancy.	0
Abstract2class: A dual anchoring strategy for the localization and activation of artificial metalloenzymes based on the biotin-streptavidin technology Abstract: Artificial metalloenzymes result from anchoring an active catalyst within a protein environment. Toward this goal, various localization strategies have been pursued: covalent, supramolecular, or dative anchoring. Herein we show that introduction of a suitably positioned histidine residue contributes to firmly anchor, via a dative bond, a biotinylated rhodium piano stool complex within streptavidin. The in silico design of the artificial metalloenzyme was confirmed by X-ray crystallography. The resulting artificial metalloenzyme displays significantly improved catalytic performance, both in terms of activity and selectivity in the transfer hydrogenation of imines. Depending on the position of the histidine residue, both enantiomers of the salsolidine product can be obtained.	0
Abstract2class: Long-Lived, Non-Geminate, Radiative Recombination of Photogenerated Charges in a Polymer/Small-Molecule Acceptor Photovoltaic Blend Abstract: Minimization of open-circuit-voltage ( VOC) loss is required to transcend the efficiency limitations on the performance of organic photovoltaics (OPV). We study charge recombination in an OPV blend comprising a polymer donor with a small molecule nonfullerene acceptor that exhibits both high photovoltaic internal quantum efficiency and relatively high external electroluminescence quantum efficiency. Notably, this donor/acceptor blend, consisting of the donor polymer commonly referred to as PCE10 with a pseudoplanar small molecule acceptor (referred to as FIDTT-2PDI) exhibits relatively bright delayed photoluminescence on the microsecond time scale beyond that observed in the neat material. We study the photoluminescence decay kinetics of the blend in detail and conclude that this long-lived photoluminescence arises from radiative nongeminate recombination of charge carriers, which we propose occurs via a donor/acceptor CT state located close in energy to the singlet state of the polymer donor. Additionally, crystallographic and spectroscopic studies point toward low subgap disorder, which could be beneficial for low radiative and nonradiative losses. These results provide an important demonstration of photoluminescence due to nongeminate charge recombination in an efficient OPV blend, a key step in identifying new OPV materials and materials-screening criteria if OPV is to approach the theoretical limits to efficiency.	0
Abstract2class: Aryl Group Transfer from Tetraarylborato Anions to an Electrophilic Dicopper(I) Center and Mixed-Valence μ-Aryl Dicopper(I,II) Complexes Abstract: The synthesis of discrete, cationic binuclear μ-aryl dicopper complexes [Cu2(μ-η(1):η(1)-Ar)DPFN]X (Ar = C6H5, 3,5-(CF3)2C6H3, and C6F5; DPFN = 2,7-bis(fluoro-di(2-pyridyl)methyl)-1,8-naphthyridine; X = BAr4(-) and NTf2(-); Tf = SO2CF3) was achieved by treatment of a dicopper complex [Cu2(μ-η(1):η(1)-NCCH3)DPFN]X2 (X = PF6(-) and NTf2(-)) with tetraarylborates. Structural characterization revealed symmetrically bridging aryl groups, and (1)H NMR spectroscopy evidenced the same structure in solution at 24 °C. Electrochemical investigation of the resulting arylcopper complexes uncovered reversible redox events that led to the synthesis and isolation of a rare mixed-valence organocopper complex [Cu2(μ-η(1):η(1)-Ph)DPFN](NTf2)2 in high yield. The solid-state structure of the mixed-valence μ-phenyl complex exhibits inequivalent copper centers, despite a short Cu···Cu distance. Electronic and variable-temperature electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy of the mixed-valence μ-phenyl complex suggest that the degree of spin localization is temperature-dependent, with a high degree of spin localization observed at lower temperatures. Electronic structure calculations agree with the experimental results and suggest that the spin is localized almost entirely on one metal center.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Enantioselective Carbon-Oxygen Bond Formation: Phosphine-Catalyzed Synthesis of Benzylic Ethers via the Oxidation of Benzylic C-H Bonds Abstract: Benzylic alcohols and ethers are common subunits in bioactive molecules, as well as useful intermediates in organic chemistry. In this Communication, we describe a new approach to the enantioselective synthesis of benzylic ethers through the chiral phosphine-catalyzed coupling of two readily available partners, γ-aryl-substituted alkynoates and alcohols, under mild conditions. In this process, the alkynoate partner undergoes an internal redox reaction. Specifically, the benzylic position is oxidized with good enantioselectivity, and the alkyne is reduced to the alkene.	0
Abstract2class: In situ transformation of TON silica zeolite into the less dense ITW: structure-direction overcoming framework instability in the synthesis of SiO2 zeolites Abstract: Under specific synthesis conditions the crystallization of a dense silica zeolite (TON) is followed by its in situ transformation into a less dense and, in the absence of occluded species, less stable zeolite (ITW). Periodic ab initio calculations including energy corrections for van der Waals interactions as well as zero-point and thermal effects are used first to assess the relative stability of both SiO(2) (calcined) phases and then to investigate host-guest interactions in the as-made zeolites, as well as their relative stability. The less dense SiO(2)-ITW is less stable than SiO(2)-TON, with an energy difference that is significantly larger than expected from their difference in molar volume. This extra destabilization is ascribed to the strained double 4-ring units of silica tetrahedra (D4R). Regarding the as-made materials, the organic cation fills in more efficiently the zeolitic voids in ITW than in TON, bringing about a larger stabilization in the former owing to the extension of the long-range addition of dispersion force contributions. On the other hand, fluoride induces a polarization of the silica framework that is highly localized in TON (showing pentacoordinated [SiO(4/2)F](-) units) but has a large global character in ITW (where fluoride is encapsulated into D4R units). We argue that the structure-directing role toward D4R materials that has been proposed for fluoride consists fundamentally in the ability to induce a global polarization of the silica framework that allows relaxation of the strain associated with these units. In this sense, fluoride stabilizes the otherwise strained D4R-SiO(2) frameworks making them reachable for crystallization. This work documents a case in which the structure directing agents "choose" a structure not kinetically but through stabilization.	0
Abstract2class: Multiplexed screening of cellular uptake of gold nanoparticles using laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry Abstract: Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) are highly promising candidates as drug delivery agents into cells of interest. We describe for the first time the multiplexed analysis of nanoparticle uptake by cells using mass spectrometry. We demonstrate that the cellular uptake of functionalized gold nanoparticles with cationic or neutral surface ligands can be readily determined using laser desorption/ionization mass spectrometry of cell lysates. The surface ligands have "mass barcodes" that allow different nanoparticles to be simultaneously identified and quantified at levels as low as 30 pmol. Using this method, we find that subtle changes to AuNP surface functionalities can lead to measurable changes in cellular uptake propensities.	0
Abstract2class: Selective polymerization catalysis: controlling the metal chain end group to prepare block copolyesters Abstract: Selective catalysis is used to prepare block copolyesters by combining ring-opening polymerization of lactones and ring-opening copolymerization of epoxides/anhydrides. By using a dizinc complex with mixtures of up to three different monomers and controlling the chemistry of the Zn-O(polymer chain) it is possible to select for a particular polymerization route and thereby control the composition of block copolyesters.	0
Abstract2class: Chiral gold nanowires with Boerdijk-Coxeter-Bernal structure Abstract: A Boerdijk-Coxeter-Bernal (BCB) helix is made of linearly stacked regular tetrahedra (tetrahelix). As such, it is chiral without nontrivial translational or rotational symmetries. We demonstrate here an example of the chiral BCB structure made of totally symmetrical gold atoms, created in nanowires by direct chemical synthesis. Detailed study by high-resolution electron microscopy illustrates their elegant chiral structure and the unique one-dimensional "pseudo-periodicity". The BCB-type atomic packing mode is proposed to be a result of the competition and compromise between the lattice and surface energy.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-controlled asymmetric arylation of aliphatic α-amino anion equivalents Abstract: A palladium-catalyzed asymmetric arylation of 9-aminofluorene-derived imines using a chiral dialkylbiaryl phosphine as the supporting ligand has been developed. This transformation allows for enantioselective access to a diverse range of α-branched benzylamines.	0
Abstract2class: Palladium-catalyzed C3-benzylation of indoles Abstract: A general method for regioselective C3-benzylation of indoles has been developed. Various 3-substituted indoles and benzyl methyl carbonates with different electronic properties react under mild conditions to afford a diverse range of 3-benzylindolenine products in good yields.	0
Abstract2class: Direct observation of an enamine intermediate in amine catalysis Abstract: An enamine intermediate is believed to be the central feature of biological catalysts, such as aldolases and small molecule amine organocatalysts. Despite decades of investigation of naturally occurring aldolase enzymes and recent studies on designed aldolase antibodies and organocatalysts, direct structural observation of an enamine intermediate has proven to be rare. Herein, we report the observation of a stable enamine intermediate in the crystal structure of an aldolase antibody 33F12 in complex with a 1,3-diketone derivative. This enamine complex structure provides strong evidence that fewer residues are essential for amine catalysis within the hydrophobic environments of this catalytic antibody than speculated for natural aldolase enzymes and should serve to guide future studies aimed at the rational design of these types of catalysts, as well as organocatalysts. Indeed, enamine catalysis in proteins might be more simplistic than previously imagined.	0
Abstract2class: Stable tetravalent phosphonium enolate zwitterions Abstract: Three-component coupling reactions between trialkylphosphines, methyl propiolates, and aldehydes produced 1:1:1 dipolar adducts in moderate-to-excellent yields. The product phosphonium enolate zwitterions were isolated as crystalline solids. X-ray crystallographic analyses of these single crystals established unequivocally the dipolar structures of these tetravalent phosphonium enolate zwitterions. Because phosphonium enolates are the first key intermediates in the nucleophilic phosphine-mediated catalysis of α,β-unsaturated carbonyl compounds, this study provides crucial insight into the mechanisms of Morita–Baylis–Hillman-type reactions.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism of enzymatic fluorination in Streptomyces cattleya Abstract: Recently a fluorination enzyme was identified and isolated from Streptomyces cattleya, as the first committed step on the metabolic pathway to the fluorinated metabolites, fluoroacetate and 4-fluorothreonine. This enzyme, 5'-fluoro-5'-deoxy adenosine synthetase (FDAS), has been shown to catalyze C-F bond formation by nucleophilic attack of fluoride ion to S-adenosyl-l-methionine (SAM) with the concomitant displacement of l-methionine to generate 5'-fluoro-5'-deoxy adenosine (5'-FDA). Although the structures of FDAS bound to both SAM and products have been solved, the molecular mechanism remained to be elucidated. We now report site-directed mutagenesis studies, structural analyses, and isothermal calorimetry (ITC) experiments. The data establish the key residues required for catalysis and the order of substrate binding. Fluoride ion is not readily distinguished from water by protein X-ray crystallography; however, using chloride ion (also a substrate) with a mutant of low activity has enabled the halide ion to be located in nonproductive co-complexes with SAH and SAM. The kinetic data suggest the positively charged sulfur of SAM is a key requirement in stabilizing the transition state. We propose a molecular mechanism for FDAS in which fluoride weakly associates with the enzyme exchanging two water molecules for protein ligation. The binding of SAM expels remaining water associated with fluoride ion and traps the ion in a pocket positioned to react with SAM, generating l-methionine and 5'-FDA. l-methionine then dissociates from the enzyme followed by 5'-FDA.	0
Abstract2class: Quantitative glycomics from fluidic glycan microarrays Abstract: A hallmark of cell-surface processes involving glycans is their multivalent interaction with glycan binding proteins (GBPs). Such a multivalent interaction depends critically on the mobility and density of signaling molecules on the membrane surface. While glycan microarrays have been used in exploring multivalent interactions, the lack of mobility and the difficulty in controlling surface density both limit their quantitative applications. Here we apply a fluidic glycan microarray, with glycan density varying for orders of magnitude, to profile cell surface interaction using a model system, the adhesion of Escherichia coli to mannose. We show the quantitative determination of monovalent and multivalent adhesion channels; the latter can be inhibited by nanopartices presenting a high density of mannosyl groups. These results reveal a new E. coli adhesion mechanism: the switching in the FimH adhesion protein avidity from monovalent to multivalent as the density of mobile mannosyl groups increases; such avidity switching enhances binding affinity and triggers multiple fimbriae anchoring. Affinity enhancement toward FimH has only been observed before for oligo-mannose due to the turn on of secondary interactions outside the mannose binding pocket. We suggest that the new mechanism revealed by the fluidic microarray is of general significance to cell surface interactions: the dynamic clustering of simple sugar groups (homogeneous or heterogeneous) on the fluidic membrane surface may simulate the functions of complex glycan molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Streamlined syntheses of (-)-dictyostatin, 16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin, and 6-epi-16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin Abstract: The dictyostatins are a promising class of potential anti-cancer drugs because they are powerful microtubule-stabilizing agents, but the complexity of their chemical structures is a severe impediment to their further development. On the basis of both synthetic and medicinal chemistry analyses, 16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin and its C6 epimer were chosen as potentially potent yet accessible dictyostatin analogues, and three new syntheses were developed. A relatively classical synthesis involving vinyllithium addition and macrocyclization gave way to a newer and more practical approach based on esterification and ring-closing metathesis reaction. Finally, aspects of these two approaches were combined to provide a third new synthesis based on esterification and Nozaki-Hiyama-Kishi reaction. This was used to prepare the target dihydro analogues and the natural product. All of the syntheses are streamlined because of their high convergency. The work provided several new analogues of dictyostatin, including a truncated macrolactone and a C10 E-alkene, which were 400- and 50-fold less active than (-)-dictyostatin, respectively. In contrast, the targeted 16-desmethyl-25,26-dihydrodictyostatin analogues retained almost complete activity in preliminary biological assays.	0
Abstract2class: Mitochondrial Superoxide Dismutase and Yap1p Act as a Signaling Module Contributing to Ethanol Tolerance of the Yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: There are two superoxide dismutases in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae-cytoplasmic and mitochondrial enzymes. Inactivation of the cytoplasmic enzyme, Sod1p, renders the cells sensitive to a variety of stresses, while inactivation of the mitochondrial isoform, Sod2p, typically has a weaker effect. One exception is ethanol-induced stress. Here we studied the role of Sod2p in ethanol tolerance of yeast. First, we found that repression of SOD2 prevents ethanol-induced relocalization of yeast hydrogen peroxide-sensing transcription factor Yap1p, one of the key stress resistance proteins. In agreement with this, the levels of Trx2p and Gsh1p, proteins encoded by Yap1 target genes, were decreased in the absence of Sod2p. Analysis of the ethanol sensitivities of the cells lacking Sod2p, Yap1p, or both indicated that the two proteins act in the same pathway. Moreover, preconditioning with hydrogen peroxide restored the ethanol resistance of yeast cells with repressed SOD2 Interestingly, we found that mitochondrion-to-nucleus signaling by Rtg proteins antagonizes Yap1p activation. Together, our data suggest that hydrogen peroxide produced by Sod2p activates Yap1p and thus plays a signaling role in ethanol tolerance.                  Importance:                       Baker's yeast harbors multiple systems that ensure tolerance to high concentrations of ethanol. Still, the role of mitochondria under severe ethanol stress in yeast is not completely clear. Our study revealed a signaling function of mitochondria which contributes significantly to the ethanol tolerance of yeast cells. We found that mitochondrial superoxide dismutase Sod2p and cytoplasmic hydrogen peroxide sensor Yap1p act together as a module of the mitochondrion-to-nucleus signaling pathway. We also report cross talk between this pathway and the conventional retrograde signaling cascade activated by dysfunctional mitochondria.	0
Abstract2class: Toluene degradation by Pseudomonas putida F1: genetic organization of the tod operon Abstract: Pseudomonas putida PpF1 degrades toluene through cis-toluene dihydrodiol to 3-methylcatechol. The latter compound is metabolized through the well-established meta pathway for catechol degradation. The first four steps in the pathway involve the sequential action of toluene dioxygenase (todABC1C2), cis-toluene dihydrodiol dehydrogenase (todD), 3-methylcatechol 2,3-dioxygenase (todE), and 2-hydroxy-6-oxo-2,4-heptadienoate hydrolase (todF). The genes for these enzymes form part of the tod operon which is responsible for the degradation of toluene by this organism. A combination of transposon mutagenesis of the PpF1 chromosome, as well as analysis of cloned chromosomal fragments, was used to determine the physical order of the genes in the tod operon. The genes were determined to be transcribed in the order todF, todC1, todC2, todB, todA, todD, todE.	0
Abstract2class: Trichloroethylene degradation by Escherichia coli containing the cloned Pseudomonas putida F1 toluene dioxygenase genes Abstract: Toluene dioxygenase from Pseudomonas putida F1 has been implicated as an enzyme capable of degrading trichloroethylene. This has now been confirmed with Escherichia coli JM109(pDTG601) that contains the structural genes (todC1C2BA) of toluene dioxygenase under the control of the tac promoter. The extent of trichloroethylene degradation by the recombinant organism depended on the cell concentration and the concentration of trichloroethylene. A linear rate of trichloroethylene degradation was observed with the E. coli recombinant strain. In contrast, P. putida F39/D, a mutant strain of P. putida F1 that does not contain cis-toluene dihydrodiol dehydrogenase, showed a much faster initial rate of trichloroethylene degradation which decreased over time.	0
Abstract2class: Improved method for polynucleotide probe-based cell sorting, using DNA-coated microplates Abstract: We developed an improved method for cultivation-independent sorting of bacterial cells. The technique is based on labeling the target cells by in situ hybridization with polynucleotide transcript probes. Due to the probes' length, part of the probe remains outside the cell and can subsequently be used to capture the cells. Target cells are immobilized during a second hybridization step in microplates that are coated with DNA that is complementary to the probe sequence. The method was applied successfully to artificial mixtures of cells with polynucleotide probes targeting either rRNA, a plasmid-borne beta-lactamase gene, or a chromosome-borne glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH) gene. Cells could be separated based on phylogenetic parameters (using rRNA-targeted probes) as well as on other DNA-encoded traits.	0
Abstract2class: Modeling of bacterial growth with shifts in temperature Abstract: The temperature of chilled foods is an important variable for the shelf life of a product in a production and distribution chain. To predict the number of organisms as a function of temperature and time, it is essential to model the growth as a function of temperature. The temperature is often not constant in various stages of distribution. The objective of this research was to determine the effect of shifts in temperature. The suitability and usefulness of several models to describe the growth of Lactobacillus plantarum with fluctuating temperatures was evaluated. It can be assumed that temperature shifts within the lag phase can be handled by adding relative parts of the lag time to be completed and that temperature shifts within the exponential phase result in no lag phase. With these assumptions, the kinetic behavior of temperature shift experiments was reasonably well predicted, and this hypothesis was accepted statistically in 73% of the cases. Only shifts of temperature around the minimum temperature for growth showed very large deviations from the model prediction. The best results were obtained with the assumption that a temperature shift (within the lag phase as well as within the exponential phase) results in an additional lag phase. This hypothesis was accepted statistically in 93% of the cases. The length of the additional lag phase is one-fourth of the lag time normally found at the temperature after the shift.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of data transformations and validation of a model for the effect of temperature on bacterial growth Abstract: The temperature of chilled foods is an important variable for controlling microbial growth in a production and distribution chain. Therefore, it is essential to model growth as a function of temperature in order to predict the number of organisms as a function of temperature and time. This article deals with the correct variance-stabilizing transformation of the growth parameters A (asymptotic level), mu (specific growth rate), and lambda (lag time). This is of importance for the regression analysis of the data. A previously gathered data set and model for the effect of temperature on the growth of Lactobacillus plantarum (M. H. Zwietering, J. T. de Koos, B. E. Hasenack, J. C. de Wit, and K. van 't Riet, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 57:1094-1101, 1991) is extended with new data. With the total data set (original and new data), a variance-stabilizing transformation is selected in order to determine which transformation should precede fitting. No transformation for the asymptote data, a square root for the growth rate, and a logarithmic transformation for the lag time were found to be appropriate. After these transformations, no significant correlation was found between the variance and the magnitude of the variable. Model corrections were made and model parameters were estimated by using the original data. With the new data, the models were validated by comparing the lack of fit of the models with the measurement error, using an F test. The predictions of the models for mu and lambda were adequate. The model for A showed a systematic deviation, and therefore a new model for A is proposed.	0
Abstract2class: Modeling of the bacterial growth curve Abstract: Several sigmoidal functions (logistic, Gompertz, Richards, Schnute, and Stannard) were compared to describe a bacterial growth curve. They were compared statistically by using the model of Schnute, which is a comprehensive model, encompassing all other models. The t test and the F test were used. With the t test, confidence intervals for parameters can be calculated and can be used to distinguish between models. In the F test, the lack of fit of the models is compared with the measuring error. Moreover, the models were compared with respect to their ease of use. All sigmoidal functions were modified so that they contained biologically relevant parameters. The models of Richards, Schnute, and Stannard appeared to be basically the same equation. In the cases tested, the modified Gompertz equation was statistically sufficient to describe the growth data of Lactobacillus plantarum and was easy to use.	0
Abstract2class: Modeling of bacterial growth as a function of temperature Abstract: The temperature of chilled foods is a very important variable for microbial safety in a production and distribution chain. To predict the number of organisms as a function of temperature and time, it is essential to model the lag time, specific growth rate, and asymptote (growth yield) as a function of temperature. The objective of this research was to determine the suitability and usefulness of different models, either available from the literature or newly developed. The models were compared by using an F test, by which the lack of fit of the models was compared with the measuring error. From the results, a hyperbolic model was selected for the description of the lag time as a function of temperature. Modified forms of the Ratkowsky model were selected as the most suitable model for both the growth rate and the asymptote as a function of temperature. The selected models could be used to predict experimentally determined numbers of organisms as a function of temperature and time.	0
Abstract2class: Total counts of marine bacteria include a large fraction of non-nucleoid-containing bacteria (ghosts) Abstract: Counts of heterotrophic bacteria in marine waters are usually in the order of 5 x 10(sup5) to 3 x 10(sup6) bacteria ml(sup-1). These numbers are derived from unspecific fluorescent staining techniques (J. E. Hobbie, R. J. Daley, and S. Jasper, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 33:1225-1228, 1977; K. G. Porter and Y. S. Feig, Limnol. Oceanogr. 25:943-948, 1980) and are subsequently defined as total counts of bacteria. In samples from the Baltic Sea, the North Sea (Skagerrak), and the northeastern Mediterranean Sea, we found that only a minor fraction (2 to 32%) of total counts can be scored as bacteria with nucleoids. Lack of DNA no doubt means inactive cells; therefore, a much lower number of bacteria that grow at rates higher than those previously estimated must be responsible for the measured bacterial production in these seas. The remaining bacterium-sized and/or -shaped particles included in total counts may be cell residues of virus-lysed bacteria (ghosts) or remains of protozoan grazing.	0
Abstract2class: Detection of the emerging Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli O26:H11/H- sequence type 29 (ST29) clone in human patients and healthy cattle in Switzerland Abstract: Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli O26:H11/H(-) strains showing the characteristics of the emerging human-pathogenic ST29 clone (stx2a(+) only, eae(+), plasmid gene profile hlyA(+) etpD(+)) were detected from human patients and healthy cattle, indicating a possible reservoir. Sheep also appear to shed strains related to the new pathogenic clone O26:H11/H(-) (ST29, stx1a(+) only, eae(+), plasmid gene profile hlyA(+) etpD(+)).	0
Abstract2class: Stress-responsive systems set specific limits to the overproduction of membrane proteins in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Essential membrane proteins are generally recognized as relevant potential drug targets due to their exposed localization in the cell envelope. Unfortunately, high-level production of membrane proteins for functional and structural analyses is often problematic. This is mainly due to their high overall hydrophobicity. To develop new concepts for membrane protein overproduction, we investigated whether the biogenesis of overproduced membrane proteins is affected by stress response-related proteolytic systems in the membrane. For this purpose, the well-established expression host Bacillus subtilis was used to overproduce eight essential membrane proteins from B. subtilis and Staphylococcus aureus. The results show that the sigma(W) regulon (responding to cell envelope perturbations) and the CssRS two-component regulatory system (responding to unfolded exported proteins) set critical limits to membrane protein production in large quantities. The identified sigW or cssRS mutant B. subtilis strains with significantly improved capacity for membrane protein production are interesting candidate expression hosts for fundamental research and biotechnological applications. Importantly, our results pinpoint the interdependent expression and function of membrane-associated proteases as key parameters in bacterial membrane protein production.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid screening for freshwater bacterial groups by using reverse line blot hybridization Abstract: The identification of phylogenetic clusters of bacteria that are common in freshwater has provided a basis for probe design to target important freshwater groups. We present a set of 16S ribosomal RNA gene-based oligonucleotide probes specific for 15 of these freshwater clusters. The probes were applied in reverse line blot hybridization, a simple method that enables the rapid screening of PCR products from many samples against an array of probes. The optimized assay was made stringent to discriminate at approximately the single-mismatch level. This made 10 of the probes highly specific, with at least two mismatches to the closest noncluster member in the global database. Screening of PCR products from bacterioplankton of 81 diverse lakes from Belgium, The Netherlands, Denmark, Sweden, and Norway showed that the respective probes were reactive against 5 to 100% of the lake samples. Positive reactivity of six highly specific probes showed that bacteria from actinobacterial clusters ACK-M1 and Sta2-30 and from verrucomicrobial cluster CLO-14 occurred in at least 90% of the investigated lakes. Furthermore, bacteria from alpha-proteobacterial cluster LD12 (closely related to the marine SAR11 cluster), beta-proteobacterial cluster LD28 and cyanobacterial cluster Synechococcus 6b occurred in more than 70% of the lakes. Reverse line blot hybridization is a new tool in microbial ecology that will facilitate research on distribution and habitat specificity of target species at relatively low costs.	0
Abstract2class: Short-duration low-direct-current electrical field treatment is a practical tool for considerably reducing counts of gram-negative bacteria entrapped in gel beads Abstract: Application of a direct-current electrical field for very short times can serve as a practical nonthermal procedure to reduce or modify the microbial distribution in gel beads. The viability of Escherichia coli and Serratia marcescens entrapped in alginate and agarose beads decreases as the field intensity and duration of electrical field increase.	0
Abstract2class: Chi18A, the endochitinase in the cellulosome of the thermophilic, cellulolytic bacterium Clostridium thermocellum Abstract: The chitinase gene chiA was identified on the Clostridium thermocellum genome downstream of the endoglucanase gene celA. It contains a catalytic module of glycosyl hydrolase family 18 and a cellulosomal dockerin module. Chi18A hydrolyzes aryl-acetyl-chito-oligosaccharides preferentially. In denaturing electrophoresis of purified cellulosomes, a single chitinase activity band was identified in zymograms and Western blots, indicating that Chi18A is the only chitinase in the cellulosome.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptomic and proteomic approach for understanding the molecular basis of adaptation of Saccharomyces cerevisiae to wine fermentation Abstract: Throughout alcoholic fermentation, Saccharomyces cerevisiae cells have to cope with several stress conditions that could affect their growth and viability. In addition, the metabolic activity of yeast cells during this process leads to the production of secondary compounds that contribute to the organoleptic properties of the resulting wine. Commercial strains have been selected during the last decades for inoculation into the must to carry out the alcoholic fermentation on the basis of physiological traits, but little is known about the molecular basis of the fermentative behavior of these strains. In this work, we present the first transcriptomic and proteomic comparison between two commercial strains with different fermentative behaviors. Our results indicate that some physiological differences between the fermentative behaviors of these two strains could be related to differences in the mRNA and protein profiles. In this sense, at the level of gene expression, we have found differences related to carbohydrate metabolism, nitrogen catabolite repression, and response to stimuli, among other factors. In addition, we have detected a relative increase in the abundance of proteins involved in stress responses (the heat shock protein Hsp26p, for instance) and in fermentation (in particular, the major cytosolic aldehyde dehydrogenase Ald6p) in the strain with better behavior during vinification. Moreover, in the case of the other strain, higher levels of enzymes required for sulfur metabolism (Cys4p, Hom6p, and Met22p) are observed, which could be related to the production of particular organoleptic compounds or to detoxification processes.	0
Abstract2class: Hydrogen Production by the Photosynthetic Bacterium Rhodospirillum rubrum Abstract: Continuous photosynthetic production of hydrogen by Rhodospirillum rubrum in batch cultures was observed up to 80 days with the hydrogen donor, pure lactate or lactic acid-containing wastes, supplied periodically. Hydrogen was produced at an average rate of 6 ml/h per g (dry weight) of cells with whey as a hydrogen donor. In continuous cultures with glutamate as a growth-limiting nitrogen source and lactate as a hydrogen donor, hydrogen was evolved at a rate of 20 ml/h per g (dry weight). The composition of the gas evolved remained practically constant (70 to 75% H(2), 25 to 30% CO(2)). Photosynthetic bacteria processing specific organic wastes could be an advantage in large-scale production of hydrogen together with food protein of high value, compared to other biological systems.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial desulfonation of substituted naphthalenesulfonic acids and benzenesulfonic acids Abstract: Sulfur-limited batch enrichment cultures containing one of nine multisubstituted naphthalenesulfonates and an inoculum from sewage yielded several taxa of bacteria which could quantitatively utilize 19 sulfonated aromatic compounds as the sole sulfur source for growth. Growth yields were about 4 kg of protein per mol of sulfur. Specific degradation rates were about 4 to 14 mu kat/kg of protein. A Pseudomonas sp., an Arthrobacter sp., and an unidentified bacterium were examined. Each desulfonated at least 16 aromatic compounds, none of which served as a carbon source. Pseudomonas sp. strain S-313 converted 1-naphthalenesulfonic acid, 2-naphthalenesulfonic acid, 5-amino-1-naphthalenesulfonic acid, benzenesulfonic acid, and 3-aminobenzenesulfonic acid to 1-naphthol, 2-naphthol, 5-amino-1-naphthol, phenol, and 3-aminophenol, respectively. Experiments with 18O2 showed that the hydroxyl group was derived from molecular oxygen.	0
Abstract2class: Extended-spectrum-β-lactamase-producing Enterobacteriaceae isolated from vegetables imported from the Dominican Republic, India, Thailand, and Vietnam Abstract: To examine to what extent fresh vegetables imported into Switzerland represent carriers of extended-spectrum-β-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Enterobacteriaceae, 169 samples of different types of fresh vegetables imported into Switzerland from the Dominican Republic, India, Thailand, and Vietnam were analyzed. Overall, 25.4% of the vegetable samples yielded one or more ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae, 78.3% of which were multidrug resistant. Sixty isolates were obtained: Escherichia coli, 26; Klebsiella pneumoniae, 26; Enterobacter cloacae, 6; Enterobacter aerogenes, 1; and Cronobacter sakazakii, 1. We found 29 isolates producing CTX-M-15, 8 producing CTX-M-14, 7 producing CTX-M-55, 3 producing CTX-M-65, 1 each producing CTX-M-1, CTX-M-3, CTX-M-27, and CTX-M-63, 5 producing SHV-2, 3 producing SHV-12, and 1 producing SHV-2a. Four of the E. coli isolates belonged to epidemiologically important clones: CTX-M-15-producing B2:ST131 (1 isolate), D:ST405 (1 isolate), and D:ST38 (2 isolates). One of the D:ST38 isolates belonged to the extraintestinal enteroaggregative E. coli (EAEC) D:ST38 lineage. Two of the K. pneumoniae isolates belonged to the epidemic clones sequence type 15 (ST15) and ST147. The occurrence of antibiotic-resistant pathogenic and commensal Enterobacteriaceae in imported agricultural foodstuffs constitutes a source of ESBL genes and a concern for food safety.	0
Abstract2class: Characteristics of extended-spectrum β-lactamase- and carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae Isolates from rivers and lakes in Switzerland Abstract: One of the currently most relevant resistance mechanisms in Enterobacteriaceae is the production of enzymes that lead to modern expanded-spectrum cephalosporin and even carbapenem resistance, mainly extended-spectrum β-lactamases (ESBLs) and carbapenemases. A worrisome aspect is the spread of ESBL and carbapenemase producers into the environment. The aim of the present study was to assess the occurrence of ESBL- and carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae and to further characterize ESBL- and carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae in rivers and lakes in Switzerland. ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae were detected in 21 (36.2%) of the 58 bodies of water sampled. One river sample tested positive for a carbapenemase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae strain. Seventy-four individual strains expressing an ESBL phenotype were isolated. Species identification revealed 60 Escherichia coli strains, seven Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae strains, five Raoultella planticola strains, one Enterobacter cloacae strain, and one Enterobacter amnigenus strain. Three strains were identified as SHV-12 ESBL producers, and 71 strains carried genes encoding CTX-M ESBLs. Of the 71 strains with CTX-M ESBL genes, 8 isolates expressed CTX-M-1, three produced CTX-M-3, 46 produced CTX-M-15, three produced CTX-M-55, one produced CTX-M-79, six produced CTX-M-14, and four produced CTX-M-27. Three of the four CTX-M-27 producers belonged to the multiresistant pandemic sequence type E. coli B2:ST131 that is strongly associated with potentially severe infections in humans and animals.	0
Abstract2class: Insects represent a link between food animal farms and the urban environment for antibiotic resistance traits Abstract: Antibiotic-resistant bacterial infections result in higher patient mortality rates, prolonged hospitalizations, and increased health care costs. Extensive use of antibiotics as growth promoters in the animal industry represents great pressure for evolution and selection of antibiotic-resistant bacteria on farms. Despite growing evidence showing that antibiotic use and bacterial resistance in food animals correlate with resistance in human pathogens, the proof for direct transmission of antibiotic resistance is difficult to provide. In this review, we make a case that insects commonly associated with food animals likely represent a direct and important link between animal farms and urban communities for antibiotic resistance traits. Houseflies and cockroaches have been shown to carry multidrug-resistant clonal lineages of bacteria identical to those found in animal manure. Furthermore, several studies have demonstrated proliferation of bacteria and horizontal transfer of resistance genes in the insect digestive tract as well as transmission of resistant bacteria by insects to new substrates. We propose that insect management should be an integral part of pre- and postharvest food safety strategies to minimize spread of zoonotic pathogens and antibiotic resistance traits from animal farms. Furthermore, the insect link between the agricultural and urban environment presents an additional argument for adopting prudent use of antibiotics in the food animal industry.	0
Abstract2class: Rhizobia from Lanzarote, the Canary Islands, that nodulate Phaseolus vulgaris have characteristics in common with Sinorhizobium meliloti isolates from mainland Spain Abstract: The stable, low-molecular-weight (LMW) RNA fractions of several rhizobial isolates of Phaseolus vulgaris grown in the soil of Lanzarote, an island of the Canary Islands, were identical to a less-common pattern found within Sinorhizobium meliloti (assigned to group II) obtained from nodules of alfalfa and alfalfa-related legumes grown in northern Spain. The P. vulgaris isolates and the group II LMW RNA S. meliloti isolates also were distinguishable in that both had two conserved inserts of 20 and 46 bp in the 16S-23S internal transcribed spacer region that were not present in other strains of S. meliloti. The isolates from P. vulgaris nodulated bean but not Medicago sativa, while those recovered from Medicago, Melilotus, and Trigonella spp. nodulated both host legumes. The bean isolates also were distinguished from those of Medicago, Melilotus, and Trigonella spp. by nodC sequence analysis. The nodC sequences of the bean isolates were most similar to those reported for S. meliloti bv. mediterranense and Sinorhizobium fredii bv. mediterranense (GenBank accession numbers DQ333891 and AF217267, respectively). None of the evidence placed the bean isolates from Lanzarote in the genus Rhizobium, which perhaps is inconsistent with seed-borne transmission of Rhizobium etli from the Americas to the Canaries as an explanation for the presence of bean-nodulating rhizobia in soils of Lanzarote.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation of sabin-like polioviruses from wastewater in a country using inactivated polio vaccine Abstract: From 2001 to 2004, Switzerland switched from routine vaccination with oral polio vaccine (OPV) to inactivated polio vaccine (IPV), using both vaccines in the intervening period. Since IPV is less effective at inducing mucosal immunity than OPV, this change might allow imported poliovirus to circulate undetected more easily in an increasingly IPV-immunized population. Environmental monitoring is a recognized tool for identifying polioviruses in a community. To look for evidence of poliovirus circulation following cessation of OPV use, two sewage treatment plants located in the Zurich area were sampled from 2004 to 2006. Following virus isolation using either RD or L20B cells, enteroviruses and polioviruses were identified by reverse transcription-PCR. A total of 20 out of 174 wastewater samples were positive for 62 Sabin-like isolates. One isolate from each poliovirus-positive sample was analyzed in more detail. Sequencing the complete viral protein 1 (VP1) capsid coding region, as well as intratypic differentiation (ITD), identified 3 Sabin type 1, 13 Sabin type 2, and 4 Sabin type 3 strains. One serotype 1 strain showed a discordant result in the ITD. Three-quarters of the strains showed mutations within the 5' untranslated region and VP1, known to be associated with reversion to virulence. Moreover, three strains showed heterotypic recombination (S2/S1 and S3/S2/S3). The low number of synonymous mutations and the partial temperature sensitivity are not consistent with extended circulation of these Sabin virus strains. Nevertheless, the continuous introduction of polioviruses into the community emphasizes the necessity for uninterrupted child vaccination to maintain high herd immunity.	0
Abstract2class: Bioavailability of Carbohydrate Content in Natural and Transgenic Switchgrasses for the Extreme Thermophile Caldicellulosiruptor bescii Abstract: Improving access to the carbohydrate content of lignocellulose is key to reducing recalcitrance for microbial deconstruction and conversion to fuels and chemicals. Caldicellulosiruptor bescii completely solubilizes naked microcrystalline cellulose, yet this transformation is impeded within the context of the plant cell wall by a network of lignin and hemicellulose. Here, the bioavailability of carbohydrates to C. bescii at 70°C was examined for reduced lignin transgenic switchgrass lines COMT3(+) and MYB Trans, their corresponding parental lines (cultivar Alamo) COMT3(-) and MYB wild type (WT), and the natural variant cultivar Cave-in-Rock (CR). Transgenic modification improved carbohydrate solubilization by C. bescii to 15% (2.3-fold) for MYB and to 36% (1.5-fold) for COMT, comparable to the levels achieved for the natural variant, CR (36%). Carbohydrate solubilization was nearly doubled after two consecutive microbial fermentations compared to one microbial step, but it never exceeded 50% overall. Hydrothermal treatment (180°C) prior to microbial steps improved solubilization 3.7-fold for the most recalcitrant line (MYB WT) and increased carbohydrate recovery to nearly 50% for the least recalcitrant lines [COMT3(+) and CR]. Alternating microbial and hydrothermal steps (T→M→T→M) further increased bioavailability, achieving carbohydrate solubilization ranging from 50% for MYB WT to above 70% for COMT3(+) and CR. Incomplete carbohydrate solubilization suggests that cellulose in the highly lignified residue was inaccessible; indeed, residue from the T→M→T→M treatment was primarily glucan and inert materials (lignin and ash). While C. bescii could significantly solubilize the transgenic switchgrass lines and natural variant tested here, additional or alternative strategies (physical, chemical, enzymatic, and/or genetic) are needed to eliminate recalcitrance.IMPORTANCE Key to a microbial process for solubilization of plant biomass is the organism's access to the carbohydrate content of lignocellulose. Economically viable routes will characteristically minimize physical, chemical, and biological pretreatment such that microbial steps contribute to the greatest extent possible. Recently, transgenic versions of plants and trees have been developed with the intention of lowering the barrier to lignocellulose conversion, with particular focus on lignin content and composition. Here, the extremely thermophilic bacterium Caldicellulosiruptor bescii was used to solubilize natural and genetically modified switchgrass lines, with and without the aid of hydrothermal treatment. For lignocellulose conversion, it is clear that the microorganism, plant biomass substrate, and processing steps must all be considered simultaneously to achieve optimal results. Whether switchgrass lines engineered for low lignin or natural variants with desirable properties are used, conversion will depend on microbial access to crystalline cellulose in the plant cell wall.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative Analysis of Extremely Thermophilic Caldicellulosiruptor Species Reveals Common and Unique Cellular Strategies for Plant Biomass Utilization Abstract: Microbiological, genomic and transcriptomic analyses were used to examine three species from the bacterial genus Caldicellulosiruptor with respect to their capacity to convert the carbohydrate content of lignocellulosic biomass at 70°C to simple sugars, acetate, lactate, CO2, and H2. Caldicellulosiruptor bescii, C. kronotskyensis, and C. saccharolyticus solubilized 38%, 36%, and 29% (by weight) of unpretreated switchgrass (Panicum virgatum) (5 g/liter), respectively, which was about half of the amount of crystalline cellulose (Avicel; 5 g/liter) that was solubilized under the same conditions. The lower yields with C. saccharolyticus, not appreciably greater than the thermal control for switchgrass, were unexpected, given that its genome encodes the same glycoside hydrolase 9 (GH9)-GH48 multidomain cellulase (CelA) found in the other two species. However, the genome of C. saccharolyticus lacks two other cellulases with GH48 domains, which could be responsible for its lower levels of solubilization. Transcriptomes for growth of each species comparing cellulose to switchgrass showed that many carbohydrate ABC transporters and multidomain extracellular glycoside hydrolases were differentially regulated, reflecting the heterogeneity of lignocellulose. However, significant differences in transcription levels for conserved genes among the three species were noted, indicating unexpectedly diverse regulatory strategies for deconstruction for these closely related bacteria. Genes encoding the Che-type chemotaxis system and flagellum biosynthesis were upregulated in C. kronotskyensis and C. bescii during growth on cellulose, implicating motility in substrate utilization. The results here show that capacity for plant biomass deconstruction varies across Caldicellulosiruptor species and depends in a complex way on GH genome inventory, substrate composition, and gene regulation.	0
Abstract2class: Survival of airborne MS2 bacteriophage generated from human saliva, artificial saliva, and cell culture medium Abstract: Laboratory studies of virus aerosols have been criticized for generating airborne viruses from artificial nebulizer suspensions (e.g., cell culture media), which do not mimic the natural release of viruses (e.g., from human saliva). The objectives of this study were to determine the effect of human saliva on the infectivity and survival of airborne virus and to compare it with those of artificial saliva and cell culture medium. A stock of MS2 bacteriophage was diluted in one of three nebulizer suspensions, aerosolized, size selected (100 to 450 nm) using a differential mobility analyzer, and collected onto gelatin filters. Uranine was used as a particle tracer. The resulting particle size distribution was measured using a scanning mobility particle sizer. The amounts of infectious virus, total virus, and fluorescence in the collected samples were determined by infectivity assays, quantitative reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR), and spectrofluorometry, respectively. For all nebulizer suspensions, the virus content generally followed a particle volume distribution rather than a number distribution. The survival of airborne MS2 was independent of particle size but was strongly affected by the type of nebulizer suspension. Human saliva was found to be much less protective than cell culture medium (i.e., 3% tryptic soy broth) and artificial saliva. These results indicate the need for caution when extrapolating laboratory results, which often use artificial nebulizer suspensions. To better assess the risk of airborne transmission of viral diseases in real-life situations, the use of natural suspensions such as saliva or respiratory mucus is recommended.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation of the exoelectrogenic bacterium Ochrobactrum anthropi YZ-1 by using a U-tube microbial fuel cell Abstract: Exoelectrogenic bacteria have potential for many different biotechnology applications due to their ability to transfer electrons outside the cell to insoluble electron acceptors, such as metal oxides or the anodes of microbial fuel cells (MFCs). Very few exoelectrogens have been directly isolated from MFCs, and all of these organisms have been obtained by techniques that potentially restrict the diversity of exoelectrogenic bacteria. A special U-tube-shaped MFC was therefore developed to enrich exoelectrogenic bacteria with isolation based on dilution-to-extinction methods. Using this device, we obtained a pure culture identified as Ochrobactrum anthropi YZ-1 based on 16S rRNA gene sequencing and physiological and biochemical characterization. Strain YZ-1 was unable to respire using hydrous Fe(III) oxide but produced 89 mW/m(2) using acetate as the electron donor in the U-tube MFC. Strain YZ-1 produced current using a wide range of substrates, including acetate, lactate, propionate, butyrate, glucose, sucrose, cellobiose, glycerol, and ethanol. Like another exoelectrogenic bacterium (Pseudomonas aeruginosa), O. anthropi is an opportunistic pathogen, suggesting that electrogenesis should be explored as a characteristic that confers advantages to these types of pathogenic bacteria. Further applications of this new U-tube MFC system should provide a method for obtaining additional exoelectrogenic microorganisms that do not necessarily require metal oxides for cell respiration.	0
Abstract2class: The Product of arcR, the sixth gene of the arc operon of Lactobacillus sakei, is essential for expression of the arginine deiminase pathway Abstract: Lactobacillus sakei is a lactic acid bacterium commonly used as a starter culture for dry sausage production and can utilize arginine via the arginine deiminase pathway. The arcABCTD cluster of L. sakei has been characterized, and transcriptional studies have shown that its expression is subject to carbon catabolite repression and induction by arginine. Downstream of arcD an additional gene has been found; this gene, arcR, codes for a putative regulatory protein of the Crp/Fnr family. Transcriptional studies have shown that arcR is coordinately transcribed with the remaining arc genes, and therefore, these genes constitute the arcABCTDR operon. Northern analysis also showed a complex pattern of transcripts, suggesting that processing and partial termination may play a role in regulation of the expression of individual genes of the operon. Inactivation of arcR led to arrest of transcription of the operon, indicating that the ArcR protein is essential for expression of the arc genes. The availability of this mutant made it possible to study whether the ability to utilize arginine affects the growth of L. sakei in meat fermentations. Under our experimental conditions, expression of arginine deiminase does not confer an obvious advantage to L. sakei, since the wild type and an arcR mutant strain displayed similar dynamics of growth.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of plant biomass, plant diversity, and water content on bacterial communities in soil lysimeters: implications for the determinants of bacterial diversity Abstract: Soils may comprise tens of thousands to millions of bacterial species. It is still unclear whether this high level of diversity is governed by functional redundancy or by a multitude of ecological niches. In order to address this question, we analyzed the reproducibility of bacterial community composition after different experimental manipulations. Soil lysimeters were planted with four different types of plant communities, and the water content was adjusted. Group-specific phylogenetic fingerprinting by PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis revealed clear differences in the composition of Alphaproteobacteria, Betaproteobacteria, Bacteroidetes, Chloroflexi, Planctomycetes, and Verrucomicrobia populations in soils without plants compared to that of populations in planted soils, whereas no influence of plant species composition on bacterial diversity could be discerned. These results indicate that the presence of higher plant species affects the species composition of bacterial groups in a reproducible manner and even outside of the rhizosphere. In contrast, the environmental factors tested did not affect the composition of Acidobacteria, Actinobacteria, Archaea, and Firmicutes populations. One-third (52 out of 160) of the sequence types were found to be specifically and reproducibly associated with the absence or presence of plants. Unexpectedly, this was also true for numerous minor constituents of the soil bacterial assemblage. Subsequently, one of the low-abundance phylotypes (beta10) was selected for studying the interdependence under particular experimental conditions and the underlying causes in more detail. This so-far-uncultured phylotype of the Betaproteobacteria species represented up to 0.18% of all bacterial cells in planted lysimeters compared to 0.017% in unplanted systems. A cultured representative of this phylotype exhibited high physiological flexibility and was capable of utilizing major constituents of root exudates. Our results suggest that the bacterial species composition in soil is determined to a significant extent by abiotic and biotic factors, rather than by mere chance, thereby reflecting a multitude of distinct ecological niches.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of NaCl-sensitive mutants of Caulobacter crescentus Abstract: An attempt to characterize Caulobacter crescentus genes important for the response to high concentrations of NaCl was initiated by the isolation of mutants defective in survival in the presence of 85 mM NaCl. A transposon Tn5 library was screened, and five strains which contained different genes disrupted by the transposon were isolated. Three of the mutants had the Tn5 in genes involved in lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis, one had the Tn5 in the nhaA gene, which encodes a Na(+)/H(+) antiporter, and one had the Tn5 in the ppiD gene, which encodes a peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase. All the mutant strains showed severe growth arrest in the presence of 85 mM NaCl, but only the nhaA mutant showed decreased viability under these conditions. All the mutants except the nhaA mutant showed a slightly reduced viability in the presence of 40 mM KCl, but all the strains showed a more severe reduction in viability in the presence of 150 mM sucrose, suggesting that they are defective in responding to osmotic shock. The promoter regions of each disrupted gene were cloned in lacZ reporter vectors, and the pattern of expression in response to NaCl and sucrose was determined; this showed that both agents induced ppiD and nhaA gene expression but did not induce the other genes. Furthermore, the ppiD gene was not induced by heat shock, indicating that it does not belong to the sigma(32) regulon, as opposed to what was observed for its Escherichia coli homolog.	0
Abstract2class: On-line monitoring of nitrogenase activity in cyanobacteria by sensitive laser photoacoustic detection of ethylene Abstract: A new and extremely sensitive method for measuring nitrogenase activity through acetylene reduction is presented. Ethylene produced by nitrogenase-mediated reduction of acetylene is detected by using laser photoacoustics (LPA). This method possesses a detection limit making it 3 orders of magnitude more sensitive than traditional gas chromatographic analysis. Photoacoustic detection is based on the strong and unique absorption pattern of ethylene in the CO(inf2) laser wavelength region (9 to 11 (mu)m). The high sensitivity allowed on-line monitoring of nitrogenase activity in a culture of the heterocystous cyanobacterium Nodularia spumigena, which was isolated from a water bloom in the Baltic Sea. This setup makes it unnecessary to take subsamples from the culture and avoids long incubations in sealed vials. The fast response of the LPA technique allows measurement of real-time dynamic changes of nitrogenase activity. The method was used to analyze in vivo saturation of nitrogenase by acetylene in N. spumigena. It is demonstrated that 20% acetylene does not saturate nitrogenase and that the degree of saturation depends on light intensity. With concentrations of acetylene as low as 2.5% it is possible to assess the degree of saturation and to extrapolate to total nitrogenase activity. In N. spumigena nitrogenase activity becomes independent of light intensity above 20 to 80 (mu)mol of photons m(sup-2) s(sup-1) at 20% O(inf2).	0
Abstract2class: Emulsifier of Arthrobacter RAG-1: chemical and physical properties Abstract: The extracellular emulsifier of Arthrobacter RAG-1 was deproteinized by hot phenol treatment and purified by fractional precipitation with (NH(4))(2)SO(4). The active fraction, precipitating between 30 and 35% saturation [EF-RAG(UET) WA], appeared to be homogeneous by immunodiffusion and sedimentation analysis. EF-RAG(UET) WA had an intrinsic viscosity of 750 cm(3)/g, a sedimentation constant of 6.06S, a diffusion constant of 5.25 x 10(-8) cm(2) s(-1), and a partial molar volume of 0.712 cm(3) g(-1). From these data a weight average molecular weight of 9.76 x 10(5) and a viscosity average molecular weight of 9.88 x 10(5) were calculated. EF-RAG(UET)WA contained 46.7% C, 7.01% H, and 6.06% N. Titration of the nonreducing polymer gave a single inflection point (pK' = 3.05), corresponding to 1.5 mumol of carboxyl groups per mg. Direct estimation of O-ester and hexose content of the highly acidic polymer yielded 0.65 and 0.29 mumol/mg, respectively. Mild alkaline hydrolysis released fatty acids with an average molecular weight of about 231. Strong acid hydrolysis of EF-RAG(UET)WA yielded d-glucose (minor), d-galactosamine (major), and an unidentified amino uronic acid (major).	0
Abstract2class: Detection and identification of fungi intimately associated with the brown seaweed Fucus serratus Abstract: The filamentous fungi associated with healthy and decaying Fucus serratus thalli were studied over a 1-year period using isolation methods and molecular techniques such as 28S rRNA gene PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (DGGE) and phylogenetic and real-time PCR analyses. The predominant DGGE bands obtained from healthy algal thalli belonged to the Lindra, Lulworthia, Engyodontium, Sigmoidea/Corollospora complex, and Emericellopsis/Acremonium-like ribotypes. In the culture-based analysis the incidence of recovery was highest for Sigmoidea marina isolates. In general, the environmental sequences retrieved could be matched unambiguously to isolates recovered from the seaweed except for the Emericellopsis/Acremonium-like ribotype, which showed 99% homology with the sequences of four different isolates, including that of Acremonium fuci. To estimate the extent of colonization of A. fuci, we used a TaqMan real-time quantitative PCR assay for intron 3 of the beta-tubulin gene, the probe for which proved to be species specific even when it was used in amplifications with high background concentrations of other eukaryotic DNAs. The A. fuci sequence was detected with both healthy and decaying thalli, but the signal was stronger for the latter. Additional sequence types, representing members from the Dothideomycetes, were recovered from the decaying thallus DNA, which suggested that a change in fungal community structure had occurred. Phylogenetic analysis of these environmental sequences and the sequences of isolates and type species indicated that the environmental sequences were novel in the Dothideomycetes.	0
Abstract2class: High rate of uptake of organic nitrogen compounds by Prochlorococcus cyanobacteria as a key to their dominance in oligotrophic oceanic waters Abstract: Direct evidence that marine cyanobacteria take up organic nitrogen compounds in situ at high rates is reported. About 33% of the total bacterioplankton turnover of amino acids, determined with a representative [(35)S]methionine precursor and flow sorting, can be assigned to Prochlorococcus spp. and 3% can be assigned to Synechococcus spp. in the oligotrophic and mesotrophic parts of the Arabian Sea, respectively. This finding may provide a mechanism for Prochlorococcus' competitive dominance over both strictly autotrophic algae and other bacteria in oligotrophic regions sustained by nutrient remineralization via a microbial loop.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of cellular and biomass specific activities of dominant bacterioplankton groups in stratified waters of the Celtic Sea Abstract: A flow-sorting technique was developed to determine unperturbed metabolic activities of phylogenetically characterized bacterioplankton groups with incorporation rates of [(35)S]methionine tracer. According to fluorescence in situ hybridization with rRNA targeted oligonucleotide probes, a clade of alpha-proteobacteria, related to Roseobacter spp., and a Cytophaga-Flavobacterium cluster dominated the different groups. Cytometric characterization revealed both these groups to have high DNA (HNA) content, while the alpha-proteobacteria exhibited high light scatter (hs) and the Cytophaga-Flavobacterium cluster exhibited low light scatter (ls). A third abundant group with low DNA (LNA) content contained cells from a SAR86 cluster of gamma-proteobacteria. Cellular specific activities of the HNA-hs group were 4- and 1.7-fold higher than the activities in the HNA-ls and LNA groups, respectively. However, the higher cellular protein synthesis by the HNA-hs could simply be explained by their maintenance of a larger cellular protein biomass. Similar biomass specific activities of the different groups strongly support the main assumption that underlies the determination of bacterial production: different bacteria in a complex community incorporate amino acids at a rate proportional to their protein synthesis. The fact that the highest growth-specific rates were determined for the smallest cells of the LNA group can explain the dominance of this group in nutrient-limited waters. The metabolic activities of the three groups accounted for almost the total bacterioplankton activity, indicating their key biogeochemical role in the planktonic ecosystem of the Celtic Sea.	0
Abstract2class: Determination of total protein content of bacterial cells by SYPRO staining and flow cytometry Abstract: An assay has been developed for measuring protein biomass of marine planktonic bacteria by flow cytometry. The method was calibrated by using five species of Bacteria (an Arcobacter sp., a Cytophaga sp., an Oceanospirillum sp., a Pseudoalteromonas sp., and a Vibrio sp.) recently isolated from seawater samples and grown in culture at different temperatures. The intensity of SYPRO-protein fluorescence of these bacteria strongly correlated with their total protein content, measured by the bicinchoninic acid method to be in the range of 60 to 330 fg of protein cell-1 (r2 = 0.93, n = 34). According to the calibration, the mean biomass of planktonic bacteria from the North Sea in August 1998 was 24 fg of protein cell-1.	0
Abstract2class: Seasonal Dynamics of Bacterial Colonization of Cotton Fiber and Effects of Moisture on Growth of Bacteria within the Cotton Boll Abstract: A highly replicated 3-year field study was conducted to determine the seasonal patterns of bacterial colonization of cotton fiber from the time of dehiscence of the bolls (the point at which the bolls just begin to open) through harvest and commercial ginning. Bacterial numbers on fiber samples from 16 plots were determined by dilution pour plating with tryptic soy agar containing cycloheximide, and numbers of gram-negative bacteria were determined by plating on tryptic soy agar containing vancomycin and cycloheximide. Populations of bacteria varied from year to year, but in all three seasons the pattern of colonization was generally a pattern consisting of a rapid increase following opening of the bolls and a more or less stable number thereafter throughout the growing season. Gram-negative bacteria accounted for 50% or more of the recoverable bacterial population. We hypothesized that the luxuriant bacterial flora developed as a result of the availability of sufficient free water in the bolls to allow bacterial proliferation with the carbon sources remaining after fiber maturation. Therefore, laboratory experiments were conducted to determine the threshold moisture level allowing growth of bacteria on fiber in the bolls. Bacterial proliferation occurred when as little as 2% moisture was added to air-dried fiber. Using simulated bolls, we demonstrated bacterial growth resulting from dew formation on fiber held in controlled-humidity chambers.	0
Abstract2class: Nitrogen fixation (acetylene reduction) associated with duckweed (lemnaceae) mats Abstract: Duckweed (Lemnaceae) mats in Texas and Florida were investigated, using the acetylene reduction assay, to determine whether nitrogen fixation occurred in these floating aquatic macrophyte communities. N(2)-fixing microorganisms were enumerated by plating or most-probable-number techniques, using appropriate N-free media. Results of the investigations indicated that substantial N(2)-fixation (C(2)H(2)) was associated with duckweed mats in Texas and Florida. Acetylene reduction values ranged from 1 to 18 mumol of C(2)H(4) g (dry weight) day for samples incubated aerobically in light. Dark N(2) fixation was always two- to fivefold lower. 3-(3,4-Dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea (7 to 10 muM) reduced acetylene reduction to levels intermediate between light and dark incubation. Acetylene reduction was generally greatest for samples incubated anaerobically in the light. It was estimated that 15 to 20% of the N requirement of the duckweed could be supplied through biological nitrogen fixation. N(2)-fixing heterotrophic bacteria (10 cells g [wet weight] and cyanobacteria (10 propagules g [wet weight] were associated with the duckweed mats. Azotobacter sp. was not detected in these investigations. One diazotrophic isolate was classified as Klebsiella.	0
Abstract2class: Biological dinitrogen fixation (acetylene reduction) associated with Florida mangroves Abstract: Biological dinitrogen fixation in mangrove communities of the Tampa Bay region of South Florida was investigated using the acetylene reduction technique. Low rates of acetylene reduction (0.01 to 1.84 nmol of C(2)H(4)/g [wet weight] per h) were associated with plant-free sediments, while plant-associated sediments gave rise to slightly higher rates. Activity in sediments increased greatly upon the addition of various carbon sources, indicating an energy limitation for nitrogenase (C(2)H(2)) activity. In situ determinations of dinitrogen fixation in sediments also indicated low rates and exhibited a similar response to glucose amendment. Litter from the green macroalga, Ulva spp., mangrove leaves, and sea grass also gave rise to significant rates of acetylene reduction. Higher rates of nitrogenase activity (15 to 53 nmol of C(2)H(4)/g [wet weight] per h were associated with washed excised roots of three Florida mangrove species [Rhizophora mangle L., Avicennia germinans (L) Stern, and Laguncularia racemosa Gaertn.] as well as with isolated root systems of intact plants (11 to 58 mug of N/g [dry weight] per h). Following a short lag period, root-associated activity was linear and did not exhibit a marked response to glucose amendment. It appears that dinitrogen-fixing bacteria in the mangrove rhizoplane are able to use root exudates and/or sloughed cell debris as energy sources for dinitrogen fixation.	0
Abstract2class: Diversity and seasonality of bioluminescent Vibrio cholerae populations in Chesapeake Bay Abstract: Association of luminescence with phenotypic and genotypic traits and with environmental parameters was determined for 278 strains of Vibrio cholerae isolated from the Chesapeake Bay during 1998 to 2000. Three clusters of luminescent strains (A, B, and C) and two nonluminescent clusters (X and Y) were identified among 180 clonal types. V. cholerae O1 strains isolated during pandemics and endemic cholera in the Ganges Delta were related to cluster Y. Heat-stable enterotoxin (encoded by stn) and the membrane protein associated with bile resistance (encoded by ompU) were found to be linked to luminescence in strains of cluster A. Succession from nonluminescent to luminescent populations of V. cholerae occurred during spring to midsummer. Occurrence of cluster A strains in water with neutral pH was contrasted with that of cluster Y strains in water with a pH of >8. Cluster A was found to be associated with a specific calanoid population cooccurring with cyclopoids. Cluster B was related to cluster Y, with its maximal prevalence at pH 8. Occurrence of cluster B strains was more frequent with warmer water temperatures and negatively correlated with maturity of the copepod community. It is concluded that each cluster of luminescent V. cholerae strains occupies a distinct ecological niche. Since the dynamics of these niche-specific subpopulations are associated with zooplankton community composition, the ecology of luminescent V. cholerae is concluded to be related to its interaction with copepods and related crustacean species.	0
Abstract2class: Covariability of Vibrio cholerae microdiversity and environmental parameters Abstract: Fine-scale diversity of natural bacterial assemblages has been attributed to neutral radiation because correspondence between bacterial phylogenetic signals in the natural environment and environmental parameters had not been detected. Evidence that such correspondence occurs is provided for Vibrio cholerae, establishing a critical role for environmental parameters in bacterial diversity.	0
Abstract2class: Prevalence and abundance of uncultivated Megasphaera-like bacteria in the human vaginal environment Abstract: Cultivation-independent analysis of 16S rRNA gene sequences in vaginal samples revealed two previously unrecognized, uncultivated Megasphaera-like phylotypes. Phylogenetic analysis and environmental distribution suggest that these Megasphaera types may be unique to the vaginal environment. Quantitative PCR suggests that both phylotypes are present in higher concentrations in women with bacterial vaginosis.	0
Abstract2class: Genetically controlled self-aggregation of cell-surface-engineered yeast responding to glucose concentration Abstract: We constructed an arming (cell-surface-engineered) yeast displaying two types of agglutinin (modified a-agglutinin and alpha-agglutinin) on the cell surface, with agglutination being independent of both mating type and pheromones. The modified a-agglutinin was artificially prepared by the fusion of the genes encoding Aga1p and Aga2p. The modified a-agglutinin could induce agglutination of cells displaying Agalpha1p (alpha-agglutinin). The upstream region of the isocitrate lyase gene of Candida tropicalis (UPR-ICL), active at a low glucose concentration, was used as the promoter to express the modified a-agglutinin- and alpha-agglutinin-encoding genes. The arming yeast displaying both agglutinins agglutinated and sedimented in response to decreased glucose concentration. When the glucose concentration was high, the arming yeast grew normally. In the late log phase, when the glucose concentration became very low, agglutination occurred suddenly and drastically and yeast cells sedimented completely. Sedimentation was confirmed by weighing the aggregated cells after filtration of the broth. Strains in which aggregation can be genetically controlled can be used in industrial processes in which the separation of yeast cells from the supernatant is necessary.	0
Abstract2class: SlyA regulates type III secretion system (T3SS) genes in parallel with the T3SS master regulator HrpL in Dickeya dadantii 3937 Abstract: The hypersensitive response and pathogenicity (hrp) genes of Dickeya dadantii 3937 encode a type III secretion system (T3SS) which is essential for its full virulence. Previous studies of the T3SS regulation in D. dadantii 3937 revealed that the expression of the hrp genes is regulated by a master regulator, HrpL, through the HrpX-HrpY-HrpS-HrpL and GacS-GacA-rsmB-RsmA pathways. In this work, we identified a novel regulator of the SlyA/MarR family, SlyA, which regulates hrp genes of the HrpL regulon in parallel with HrpL in D. dadantii. SlyA regulates the T3SS in a two-tier manner. It negatively regulates the expression of hrpL by downregulating hrpS and upregulating rsmA. Interestingly, concomitant with its downregulation of the hrpL, SlyA positively regulates the expression of hrpA and hrpN, two hrp genes located in the HrpL regulon. In contrast to Pectobacterium carotovorum, the expression of slyA is not controlled by ExpR and ExpI in D. dadantii 3937. We further show that SlyA is involved in controlling swimming motility and pellicle formation in D. dadantii 3937.	0
Abstract2class: Elucidation of the hrp clusters of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola that control the hypersensitive response in nonhost tobacco and pathogenicity in susceptible host rice Abstract: Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola, the cause of bacterial leaf streak in rice, possesses clusters of hrp genes that determine its ability to elicit a hypersensitive response (HR) in nonhost tobacco and pathogenicity in host rice. A 27-kb region of the genome of X. oryzae pv. oryzicola (RS105) was identified and sequenced, revealing 10 hrp, 9 hrc (hrp conserved), and 8 hpa (hrp-associated) genes and 7 regulatory plant-inducible promoter boxes. While the region from hpa2 to hpaB and the hrpF operon resembled the corresponding genes of other xanthomonads, the hpaB-hrpF region incorporated an hrpE3 gene that was not present in X. oryzae pv. oryzae. We found that an hrpF mutant had lost the ability to elicit the HR in tobacco and pathogenicity in adult rice plants but still caused water-soaking symptoms in rice seedlings and that Hpa1 is an HR elicitor in nonhost tobacco whose expression is controlled by an hrp regulator, HrpX. Using an Hrp phenotype complementation test, we identified a small hrp cluster containing the hrpG and hrpX regulatory genes, which is separated from the core hrp cluster. In addition, we identified a gene, prhA (plant-regulated hrp), that played a key role in the Hrp phenotype of X. oryzae pv. oryzicola but was neither in the core hrp cluster nor in the hrp regulatory cluster. A prhA mutant failed to reduce the HR in tobacco and pathogenicity in rice but caused water-soaking symptoms in rice. This is the first report that X. oryzae pv. oryzicola possesses three separate DNA regions for HR induction in nonhost tobacco and pathogenicity in host rice, which will provide a fundamental base to understand pathogenicity determinants of X. oryzae pv. oryzicola compared with those of X. oryzae pv. oryzae.	0
Abstract2class: Composition of bacterial communities associated with natural and laboratory populations of Asobara tabida infected with Wolbachia Abstract: Asobara tabida wasps are fly endoparasitoids that naturally harbor three Wolbachia strains, which induce cytoplasmic incompatibility and control oogenesis. To investigate whether other bacteria play a role in wasp biology, we surveyed the bacterial communities of wild A. tabida populations originating from different regions of France and of laboratory colonies using PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis and culture methods. Proteobacteria and Firmicutes were found to be the main phyla represented in these populations. Among these were several cultured and uncultured representatives of the genera Acetobacter, Acidomonas, Bacillus, Brevibacillus, Duganella, Herbaspirillum, Pseudomonas, Staphylococcus, and Streptococcus. In addition to Wolbachia, wild individuals harbored Rickettsia, which tended to be lost when insects were reared in the laboratory. The antibiotic treatment used to generate wasp sublines singly infected with Wolbachia also affected the overall bacterial composition, with most fingerprint sequences being characteristic of the family Enterobacteriaceae. We also screened for potentially heritable endosymbionts by PCR and fluorescence in situ hybridization in stable laboratory lines, with only Wolbachia being consistently found in wasp ovaries.	0
Abstract2class: A labeling study to elucidate the biosynthesis of 4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-butan-2-one (raspberry ketone) by Nidula niveo-tomentosa Abstract: Submerged cells of the basidiomycete Nidula niveo-tomentosa, a microbial producer of 4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-butan-2-one, were supplemented with (13)C-labeled L-phenylalanines and with [1-(13)C]glucose. Labeled transformation products were detected by a novel method of analyzing stable isotope-labeled metabolites, gas chromatography (GC) coupled to an atomic emission detector, and by GC-mass spectrometry. A benzoate moiety was side chain elongated according to the poly-beta-keto scheme. The presence of an acetyl coenzyme A-carboxylase inhibitor shifted the spectrum of products to benzyl compounds. Hence, the fungal pathway differs from the one established for plant tissues.	0
Abstract2class: Ecology of Thioploca spp.: nitrate and sulfur storage in relation to chemical microgradients and influence of Thioploca spp. on the sedimentary nitrogen cycle Abstract: Microsensors, including a recently developed NO3(-) biosensor, were applied to measure O(2) and NO3(-) profiles in marine sediments from the upwelling area off central Chile and to investigate the influence of Thioploca spp. on the sedimentary nitrogen metabolism. The studies were performed in undisturbed sediment cores incubated in a small laboratory flume to simulate the environmental conditions of low O(2), high NO3(-), and bottom water current. On addition of NO3(-) and NO2(-), Thioploca spp. exhibited positive chemotaxis and stretched out of the sediment into the flume water. In a core densely populated with Thioploca, the penetration depth of NO3(-) was only 0.5 mm and a sharp maximum of NO3(-) uptake was observed 0.5 mm above the sediment surface. In sediments with only few Thioploca spp., NO3(-) was detectable down to a depth of 2 mm and the maximum consumption rates were observed within the sediment. No chemotaxis toward nitrous oxide (N2O) was observed, which is consistent with the observation that Thioploca does not denitrify but reduces intracellular NO3(-) to NH(4)(+). Measurements of the intracellular NO3(-) and S(0) pools in Thioploca filaments from various depths in the sediment gave insights into possible differences in the migration behavior between the different species. Living filaments containing significant amounts of intracellular NO3(-) were found to a depth of at least 13 cm, providing final proof for the vertical shuttling of Thioploca spp. and nitrate transport into the sediment.	0
Abstract2class: Inactivation of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in blood samples stored as high-salt lysates Abstract: Blood samples to be tested for the presence of parasite DNA by using specific DNA probes are routinely stored in our laboratory as high-salt lysates (HSL). To safeguard against the risk of accidental infection with etiological agents such as the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) while manipulating large numbers of blood samples in preparation for DNA probing, we determined the residual infectivity of HIV-1 after exposure to HSL components. Both high-titer virus stocks or provirus-carrying cells, suspended either in tissue culture medium or freshly drawn blood, were completely inactivated upon contact with the HSL components. This was verified by the absence of any detectable HIV-1-specific antigen in the supernatants of long-term cultures and the absence of virus-specific DNA fragments after amplification by polymerase chain reaction with DNA from such cultures as target DNA. These results support the conclusion that the virus is in fact completely inactivated by contact with the HSL components, rendering blood specimens stored as HSL noninfectious in regard to HIV-1.	0
Abstract2class: The BaeSR two-component regulatory system mediates resistance to condensed tannins in Escherichia coli Abstract: The gene expression profiles of Escherichia coli strains grown anaerobically with or without Acacia mearnsii (black wattle) extract were compared to identify tannin resistance strategies. The cell envelope stress protein gene spy and the multidrug transporter-encoding operon mdtABCD, both under the control of the BaeSR two-component regulatory system, were significantly up-regulated in the presence of tannins. BaeSR mutants were more tannin sensitive than their wild-type counterparts.	0
Abstract2class: Quantification of uncultured Ruminococcus obeum-like bacteria in human fecal samples by fluorescent in situ hybridization and flow cytometry using 16S rRNA-targeted probes Abstract: A 16S rRNA-targeted probe was designed and validated in order to quantify the number of uncultured Ruminococcus obeum-like bacteria by fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH). These bacteria have frequently been found in 16S ribosomal DNA clone libraries prepared from bacterial communities in the human intestine. Thirty-two reference strains from the human intestine, including a phylogenetically related strain and strains of some other Ruminococcus species, were used as negative controls and did not hybridize with the new probe. Microscopic and flow cytometric analyses revealed that a group of morphologically similar bacteria in feces did hybridize with this probe. Moreover, it was found that all hybridizing cells also hybridized with a probe specific for the Clostridium coccoides-Eubacterium rectale group, a group that includes the uncultured R. obeum-like bacteria. Quantification of the uncultured R. obeum-like bacteria and the C. coccoides-E. rectale group by flow cytometry and microscopy revealed that these groups comprised approximately 2.5 and 16% of the total community in fecal samples, respectively. The uncultured R. obeum-like bacteria comprise about 16% of the C. coccoides-E. rectale group. These results indicate that the uncultured R. obeum-like bacteria are numerically important in human feces. Statistical analysis revealed no significant difference between the microscopic and flow cytometric counts and the different feces sampling times, while a significant host-specific effect on the counts was observed. Our data demonstrate that the combination of FISH and flow cytometry is a useful approach for studying the ecology of uncultured bacteria in the human gastrointestinal tract.	0
Abstract2class: Mucosa-associated bacteria in the human gastrointestinal tract are uniformly distributed along the colon and differ from the community recovered from feces Abstract: The human gastrointestinal (GI) tract harbors a complex community of bacterial cells in the mucosa, lumen, and feces. Since most attention has been focused on bacteria present in feces, knowledge about the mucosa-associated bacterial communities in different parts of the colon is limited. In this study, the bacterial communities in feces and biopsy samples from the ascending, transverse, and descending colons of 10 individuals were analyzed by using a 16S rRNA approach. Flow cytometric analysis indicated that 10(5) to 10(6) bacteria were present in the biopsy samples. To visualize the diversity of the predominant and the Lactobacillus group community, denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (DGGE) analysis of 16S rRNA gene amplicons was performed. DGGE analysis and similarity index comparisons demonstrated that the predominant mucosa-associated bacterial community was host specific and uniformly distributed along the colon but significantly different from the fecal community (P < 0.01). The Lactobacillus group-specific profiles were less complex than the profiles reflecting the predominant community. For 6 of the 10 individuals the community of Lactobacillus-like bacteria in the biopsy samples was similar to that in the feces. Amplicons having 99% sequence similarity to the 16S ribosomal DNA of Lactobacillus gasseri were detected in the biopsy samples of nine individuals. No significant differences were observed between healthy and diseased individuals. The observed host-specific DGGE profiles of the mucosa-associated bacterial community in the colon support the hypothesis that host-related factors are involved in the determination of the GI tract microbial community.	0
Abstract2class: Temperature gradient gel electrophoresis analysis of 16S rRNA from human fecal samples reveals stable and host-specific communities of active bacteria Abstract: The diversity of the predominant bacteria in the human gastrointestinal tract was studied by using 16S rRNA-based approaches. PCR amplicons of the V6 to V8 regions of fecal 16S rRNA and ribosomal DNA (rDNA) were analyzed by temperature gradient gel electrophoresis (TGGE). TGGE of fecal 16S rDNA amplicons from 16 individuals showed different profiles, with some bands in common. Fecal samples from two individuals were monitored over time and showed remarkably stable profiles over a period of at least 6 months. TGGE profiles derived from 16S rRNA and rDNA amplicons showed similar banding patterns. However, the intensities of bands with similar mobilities differed in some cases, indicating a different contribution to the total active fraction of the prominent fecal bacteria. Most 16S rRNA amplicons in the TGGE pattern of one subject were identified by cloning and sequence analysis. Forty-five of the 78 clones matched 15 bands, and 33 clones did not match any visible band in the TGGE pattern. Nested PCR of amplified 16S rDNA indicated preferential amplification of a sequence corresponding to 12 of the 33 nonmatching clones with similar mobilities in TGGE. The sequences matching 15 bands in the TGGE pattern showed 91.5 to 98.7% homology to sequences derived from different Clostridium clusters. Most of these were related to strains derived from the human intestine. The results indicate that the combination of cloning and TGGE analysis of 16S rDNA amplicons is a reliable approach to monitoring different microbial communities in feces.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular investigation and phylogeny of Anaplasma spp. in Mediterranean ruminants reveal the presence of neutrophil-tropic strains closely related to A. platys Abstract: Few data are available on the prevalence and molecular typing of species belonging to the genus Anaplasma in Mediterranean ruminants. In this study, PCR analysis and sequencing of both 16S rRNA and groEL genes were combined to investigate the presence, prevalence, and molecular traits of Anaplasma spp. in ruminants sampled on the Island of Sardinia, chosen as a subtropical representative area. The results demonstrate a high prevalence of Anaplasma spp. in ruminants, with animals infected by at least four of six Anaplasma species (Anaplasma marginale, A. bovis, A. ovis, and A. phagocytophilum). Moreover, ruminants host a number of neutrophil-tropic strains genetically closely related to the canine pathogen A. platys. The high Anaplasma spp. prevalence and the identification of as-yet-unclassified neutrophil-tropic strains raise concerns about the specificity of serological tests routinely used in ruminants and provide additional background for reconstructing the evolutionary history of species genetically related to A. phagocytophilum.	0
Abstract2class: Possible transmission of Streptococcus iniae from wild fish to cultured marine fish Abstract: Streptococcus iniae was isolated from diseased wild fish collected near a mariculture facility where gilthead sea bream and European sea bass exhibited a similar infection. Species-specific PCR and ribotyping confirmed that wild and cultured fish were infected by a single S. iniae clone. Wild fish are therefore potential amplifiers of pathogenic S. iniae strains.	0
Abstract2class: Exopolysaccharide production and ropy phenotype are determined by two gene clusters in putative probiotic strain Lactobacillus paraplantarum BGCG11 Abstract: Lactobacillus paraplantarum BGCG11, a putative probiotic strain isolated from a soft, white, artisanal cheese, produces a high molecular-weight heteropolysaccharide, exopolysaccharide (EPS)-CG11, responsible for the ropy phenotype and immunomodulatory activity of the strain. In this study, a 26.4-kb region originating from the pCG1 plasmid, previously shown to be responsible for the production of EPS-CG11 and a ropy phenotype, was cloned, sequenced, and functionally characterized. In this region 16 putative open reading frames (ORFs), encoding enzymes for the production of EPS-CG11, were organized in specific loci involved in the biosynthesis of the repeat unit, polymerization, export, regulation, and chain length determination. Interestingly, downstream of the eps gene cluster, a putative transposase gene was identified, followed by an additional rfb gene cluster containing the rfbACBD genes, the ones most probably responsible for dTDP-L-rhamnose biosynthesis. The functional analysis showed that the production of the high-molecular-weight fraction of EPS-CG11 was absent in two knockout mutants, one in the eps and the other in the rfb gene cluster, as confirmed by size exclusion chromatography analysis. Therefore, both eps and rfb genes clusters are prerequisites for the production of high-molecular-weight EPS-CG11 and for the ropy phenotype of strain L. paraplantarum BGCG11.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of ionic strength on bacterial adhesion and stability of flocs in a wastewater activated sludge system Abstract: The success of biological wastewater treatment is to a large extent governed by the ability of bacteria to induce floc formation, thereby facilitating the separation of particles from the treated water. We performed studies on the dynamics of floc stability, the desorption of cells from the flocs, and the reflocculation of detached material. The floc stability was affected by the ionic strength of the medium in a way that strongly suggests that the interactions between the floc components can be explained by the theory of Derjaugin, Landau, Verwey, and Overbeek (DLVO theory). At increasing concentrations of electrolytes, the stability of the flocs increased. However, above an ionic strength of about 0.1 the floc stability decreased, and it seems that at this high electrolyte concentration the DLVO theory cannot be applied. The reversibility of the electrostatic double-layer effects was experimentally shown by treating the sludge repeatedly with a low-ionic-strength solution until parts of the flocs detached. When salt was added at this point, flocs re-form, resulting in a dramatic decrease in the turbidity of the supernatant liquid. Both reflocculation and detachment of floc material were seen with calcium as well as with potassium. This finding clearly indicates that the reflocculation and destabilization of flocs were due to changes in double-layer thickness rather than bridging effects of multivalent ions such as calcium. The results indicate that the ionic strength may well be an important factor for the floc stability in wastewater in situ.	0
Abstract2class: Determination of biomass by ultrasonic measurements Abstract: The quantitative determination of biomass in a suspension by means of ultrasound velocity is a simple and on-line-applicable method. Such an ultrasonic sensor offers the advantage of being long-term stable, reliable, and sterilizable. In this paper we present sound velocity measurements made with different microorganisms. The experimental results which we have obtained with an impulse-echo method will be compared with theoretical predictions and discussed with respect to previous findings (Y. Ishimori, I. Karube, and S. Suzuki, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 42:632-637, 1981).	0
Abstract2class: Complete microbial degradation of both enantiomers of the chiral herbicide mecoprop [(RS)-2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid] in an enantioselective manner by Sphingomonas herbicidovorans sp. nov Abstract: Sphingomonas herbicidovorans MH (previously designated Flavobacterium sp. strain MH) was able to utilize the chiral herbicide (RS)-2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propionic acid (mecoprop) as the sole carbon and energy source. When strain MH was offered racemic mecoprop as the growth substrate, it could degrade both the (R) and the (S) enantiomer to completion, as shown by biomass formation, substrate consumption, and stoichiometric chloride release. However, the (S) enantiomer disappeared much faster from the culture medium than the (R) enantiomer. These results suggest the involvement of specific enzymes for the degradation of each enantiomer. This view was substantiated by the fact that resting cells of strain MH grown on (S)-mecoprop were able to degrade the (S) but not the (R) enantiomer of mecoprop. Accordingly, resting cells of strain MH grown on (R)-mecoprop preferentially metabolized the (R) enantiomer. Nevertheless, such cells could transform (S)-mecoprop at low rates. Oxygen uptake rates with resting cells confirmed the above view, as oxygen consumption was strongly dependent on the growth substrate. Cells grown on (R)-mecoprop showed oxygen uptake rates more than two times higher upon incubation with the (R) than upon incubation with the (S) enantiomer and vice versa.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of glycoconjugates of extracellular polymeric substances in tufa-associated biofilms by using fluorescence lectin-binding analysis Abstract: Freshwater tufa deposits are the result of calcification associated with biofilms dominated by cyanobacteria. Recent investigations highlighted the fact that the formation of microbial calcium carbonates is mainly dependent on the saturation index, which is determined by pH, the ion activity of Ca(2+) and CO(3)(2-), and the occurrence of extracellular polymeric substances (EPS) produced by microorganisms. EPS, which contain carboxyl and/or hydroxyl groups, can strongly bind cations. This may result in inhibition of CaCO(3) precipitation. In contrast, the formation of templates for crystal nucleation was reported by many previous investigations. The purposes of this study were (i) to characterize the in situ distribution of EPS glycoconjugates in tufa-associated biofilms of two German hard-water creeks by employing fluorescence lectin-binding analysis (FLBA), (ii) to verify the specific lectin-binding pattern by competitive-inhibition assays, and (iii) to assess whether carbonates are associated with structural EPS domains. Three major in situ EPS domains (cyanobacterial, network-like, and cloud-like structures) were detected by FLBA in combination with laser scanning microscopy (LSM). Based on lectin specificity, the EPS glycoconjugates produced by cyanobacteria contained mainly fucose, amino sugars (N-acetyl-glucosamine and N-acetyl-galactosamine), and sialic acid. Tufa deposits were irregularly covered by network-like EPS structures, which may originate from cyanobacterial EPS secretions. Cloud-like EPS glycoconjugates were dominated by sialic acid, amino sugars, and galactose. In some cases calcium carbonate crystals were associated with cyanobacterial EPS glycoconjugates. The detection of amino sugars and calcium carbonate in close association with decaying sheath material indicated that microbially mediated processes might be important for calcium carbonate precipitation in freshwater tufa systems.	0
Abstract2class: Modification of Lignins by Growing Cells of the Sulfate-Reducing Anaerobe Desulfovibrio desulfuricans Abstract: The anaerobic sulfate-reducing bacterium Desulfovibrio desulfuricans was grown on medium supplemented with either Kraft lignin or lignosulfonate. Only lignosulfonate contributed to the growth of D. desulfuricans cells, by replacing sulfate, a natural electron acceptor for this microorganism. Kraft lignin added to the culture medium could not substitute for lactate or sulfate, both necessary culture medium components. However, it was found to enhance the viability of D. desulfuricans cells. When changes occurring in lignin during growth of Desulfovibrio cultures were monitored, it was found that both lignin preparations could be partially depolymerized. Spectrophotometric and elemental analysis of biologically treated lignins suggested that both the polyphenolic backbone and lignin functional groups were affected by D. desulfuricans. After treatment, a twofold increase in the sulfur content of Kraft lignin and a minor decrease (14%) in the sulfur content of lignosulfonate were observed. After biological treatment, Kraft lignin and lignosulfonate both bound larger quantities of heavy metals.	0
Abstract2class: Small pectinolytic spirochetes from the rumen Abstract: Two strains of small spirochetes utilizing pectin as sole source of energy for growth were isolated from the rumen of cattle and partially characterized. The pectinolytic enzyme produced by one of the organisms was classified as a poly-1,4-alpha-D-galacturonide lyase (EC 4.2.2.2). A pectinesterase (EC 3.1.1.11) was also produced.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of large treponemes from the bovine rumen Abstract: Ten strains of strictly anaerobic spiral organisms were isolated in pure culture from a 10(-7) dilution of bovine rumen contents. Three strains were studied in detail. These strains morphologically resembled previously isolated and described rumen treponemes except the new isolates were larger, 0.7 micrometer wide and 12 to 25 micrometer long. They rapidly fermented pectin and, less readily, L-arabinose, inulin, and sucrose. Acetic and formic acid were the main fermentation products from pectin; small amounts of succinic acid were also formed.	0
Abstract2class: Prochlorococcus ecotype abundances in the North Atlantic Ocean as revealed by an improved quantitative PCR method Abstract: The cyanobacterium Prochlorococcus numerically dominates the photosynthetic community in the tropical and subtropical regions of the world's oceans. Six evolutionary lineages of Prochlorococcus have been described, and their distinctive physiologies and genomes indicate that these lineages are "ecotypes" and should have different oceanic distributions. Two methods recently developed to quantify these ecotypes in the field, probe hybridization and quantitative PCR (QPCR), have shown that this is indeed the case. To facilitate a global investigation of these ecotypes, we modified our QPCR protocol to significantly increase its speed, sensitivity, and accessibility and validated the method in the western and eastern North Atlantic Ocean. We showed that all six ecotypes had distinct distributions that varied with depth and location, and, with the exception of the deeper waters at the western North Atlantic site, the total Prochlorococcus counts determined by QPCR matched the total counts measured by flow cytometry. Clone library analyses of the deeper western North Atlantic waters revealed ecotypes that are not represented in the culture collections with which the QPCR primers were designed, explaining this discrepancy. Finally, similar patterns of relative ecotype abundance were obtained in QPCR and probe hybridization analyses of the same field samples, which could allow comparisons between studies.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of endophytic colonizing bacteria from agronomic crops and prairie plants Abstract: Endophytic bacteria reside within plant hosts without causing disease symptoms. In this study, 853 endophytic strains were isolated from aerial tissues of four agronomic crop species and 27 prairie plant species. We determined several phenotypic properties and found approximately equal numbers of gram-negative and gram-positive isolates. In a greenhouse study, 28 of 86 prairie plant endophytes were found to colonize their original hosts at 42 days postinoculation at levels of 3.5 to 7.7 log(10) CFU/g (fresh weight). More comprehensive colonization studies were conducted with 373 corn and sorghum endophytes. In growth room studies, none of the isolates displayed pathogenicity, and 69 of the strains were recovered from corn or sorghum seedlings at levels of 8.3 log(10) CFU/plant or higher. Host range greenhouse studies demonstrated that 26 of 29 endophytes were recoverable from at least one host other than corn and sorghum at levels of up to 5.8 log(10) CFU/g (fresh weight). Long-range dent corn greenhouse studies and field trials with 17 wild-type strains and 14 antibiotic-resistant mutants demonstrated bacterial persistence at significant average colonization levels ranging between 3.4 and 6.1 log(10) CFU/g (fresh weight) up to 78 days postinoculation. Three prairie and three agronomic endophytes exhibiting the most promising levels of colonization and an ability to persist were identified as Cellulomonas, Clavibacter, Curtobacterium, and Microbacterium isolates by 16S rRNA gene sequence, fatty acid, and carbon source utilization analyses. This study defines for the first time the endophytic nature of Microbacterium testaceum. These microorganisms may be useful for biocontrol and other applications.	0
Abstract2class: Classification of virulent and temperate bacteriophages of Listeria spp. on the basis of morphology and protein analysis Abstract: A set of 22 phages of Listeria species (listeriaphages) (21 temperate and 1 virulent) were compared on the basis of morphology and protein composition. All 22 phages had icosahedral heads and exhibited either contractile or noncontractile tails. They represented two different morphotypes. Twenty phages belonged to the Siphoviridae family and could be differentiated only on the basis of tail length. Accordingly, they could be assigned to previously defined listeriaphage species. Two other phages were classified as members of the Myoviridae family, one of which (A511) should be regarded as a new species. It was found to be substantially different from all other known listeriaphages. All phages exhibited typical protein profiles, which were determined by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and subsequent laser densitometrical analysis of the gels. It was then possible to distinguish eight protein subgroups on the basis of unique protein patterns. This classification corresponds well to the previous groupings based on host range. Most of the phages revealed two or three major proteins ranging from 21 to 24 kDa and 30 to 36 kDa. In addition, at least 10 minor proteins could be observed for each phage. Our results indicate that the major proteins are structural proteins of the capsid and tail, and the protein band ranging from 30 to 35 kDa could clearly be assigned to the proteins of the phage capsid.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning and expression in Escherichia coli of pectinase genes of Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora Abstract: Genes coding for an endo-pectate lyase, an exo-pectate lyase, and an endopolygalacturonase of Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora Ecc71 were cloned in Escherichia coli HB101, using the cosmid pHC79. The products of the cloned pectinase genes paralleled their counterparts in strain Ecc71 in isoelectric mobility, mode of substrate degradation, and ability to macerate potato tuber tissue.	0
Abstract2class: Assessment of microbial communities by graph partitioning in a study of soil fungi in two Alpine meadows Abstract: Understanding how microbial community structure and diversity respond to environmental conditions is one of the main challenges in environmental microbiology. However, there is often confusion between determining the phylogenetic structure of microbial communities and assessing the distribution and diversity of molecular operational taxonomic units (MOTUs) in these communities. This has led to the use of sequence analysis tools such as multiple alignments and hierarchical clustering that are not adapted to the analysis of large and diverse data sets and not always justified for characterization of MOTUs. Here, we developed an approach combining a pairwise alignment algorithm and graph partitioning by using MCL (Markov clustering) in order to generate discrete groups for nuclear large-subunit rRNA gene and internal transcript spacer 1 sequence data sets obtained from a yearly monitoring study of two spatially close but ecologically contrasting alpine soils (namely, early and late snowmelt locations). We compared MCL with a classical single-linkage method (Ccomps) and showed that MCL reduced bias such as the chaining effect. Using MCL, we characterized fungal communities in early and late snowmelt locations. We found contrasting distributions of MOTUs in the two soils, suggesting that there is a high level of habitat filtering in the assembly of alpine soil fungal communities. However, few MOTUs were specific to one location.	0
Abstract2class: Carbon Monoxide, Hydrogen, and Formate Metabolism during Methanogenesis from Acetate by Thermophilic Cultures of Methanosarcina and Methanothrix Strains Abstract: CO and H(2) have been implicated in methanogenesis from acetate, but it is unclear whether they are directly involved in methanogenesis or electron transfer in acetotrophic methanogens. We compared metabolism of H(2), CO, and formate by cultures of the thermophilic acetotrophic methanogens Methanosarcina thermophila TM-1 and Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1. M. thermophila accumulated H(2) to partial pressures of 40 to 70 Pa (1 Pa = 0.987 x 10 atm), as has been previously reported for this and other Methanosarcina cultures. In contrast, Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1 accumulated H(2) to maximum partial pressures near 1 Pa. Growing cultures of Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1 initially accumulated CO, which reached partial pressures near 0.6 Pa (some CO came from the rubber stopper) during the middle of methanogenesis; this was followed by a decrease in CO partial pressures to less than 0.01 Pa by the end of methanogenesis. Accumulation or consumption of CO by cultures of M. thermophila growing on acetate was not detected. Late-exponential-phase cultures of Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1, in which the CO partial pressure was decreased by flushing with N(2)-CO(2), accumulated CO to 0.16 Pa, whereas cultures to which ca. 0.5 Pa of CO was added consumed CO until it reached this partial pressure. Cyanide (1 mM) blocked CO consumption but not production. High partial pressures of H(2) (40 kPa) inhibited methanogenesis from acetate by M. thermophila but not by Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1, and 2 kPa of CO was not inhibitory to M. thermophila but was inhibitory to Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1. Levels of CO dehydrogenase, hydrogenase, and formate dehydrogenase in Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1 were 9.1, 0.045, and 5.8 mumol of viologen reduced min mg of protein. These results suggest that CO plays a role in Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1 similar to that of H(2) in M. thermophila and are consistent with the conclusion that CO is an intermediate in a catabolic or anabolic pathway in Methanothrix sp. strain CALS-1; however, they could also be explained by passive equilibration of CO with a metabolic intermediate.	0
Abstract2class: Selective inhibition by 2-bromoethanesulfonate of methanogenesis from acetate in a thermophilic anaerobic digestor Abstract: The effects of 2-bromoethanesulfonate, an inhibitor of methanogenesis, on metabolism in sludge from a thermophilic (58 degrees C) anaerobic digestor were studied. It was found from short-term experiments that 1 mumol of 2-bromoethanesulfonate per ml completely inhibited methanogenesis from CH(3)COO, whereas 50 mumol/ml was required for complete inhibition of CO(2) reduction. When 1 mumol of 2-bromoethanesulfonate per ml was added to actively metabolizing sludge which was then incubated for 24 h. it caused a 60% reduction in methanogenesis and a corresponding increase in acetate accumulation; at 50 mumol/ml it caused complete inhibition of methanogenesis and accumulation of acetate. H(2), and ethanol.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of Temperature on Methanogenesis in a Thermophilic (58 degrees C) Anaerobic Digestor Abstract: The short-term effects of temperature on methanogenesis from acetate or CO(2) in a thermophilic (58 degrees C) anaerobic digestor were studied by incubating digestor sludge at different temperatures with C-labeled methane precursors (CH(3)COO or CO(2)). During a period when Methanosarcina sp. was numerous in the sludge, methanogenesis from acetate was optimal at 55 to 60 degrees C and was completely inhibited at 65 degrees C. A Methanosarcina culture isolated from the digestor grew optimally on acetate at 55 to 58 degrees C and did not grow or produce methane at 65 degrees C. An accidental shift of digestor temperature from 58 to 64 degrees C during this period caused a sharp decrease in gas production and a large increase in acetate concentration within 24 h, indicating that the aceticlastic methanogens in the digestor were the population most susceptible to this temperature increase. During a later period when Methanothrix sp. was numerous in the digestor, methanogenesis from CH(3)COO was optimal at 65 degrees C and completely inhibited at 75 degrees C. A partially purified Methanothrix enrichment culture derived from the digestor had a maximum growth temperature near 70 degrees C. Methanogenesis from CO(2) in the sludge was optimal at 65 degrees C and still proceeded at 75 degrees C. A CO(2)-reducing Methanobacterium sp. isolated from the digestor was capable of methanogenesis at 75 degrees C. During the period when Methanothix sp. was apparently dominant, sludge incubated for 24 h at 65 degrees C produced more methane than sludge incubated at 60 degrees C, and no acetate accumulated at 65 degrees C. Methanogenesis was severely inhibited in sludge incubated at 70 degrees C, but since neither acetate nor H(2) accumulated, production of these methanogenic substrates by fermentative bacteria was probably the most temperature-sensitive process. Thus, there was a correlation between digestor performance at different temperatures and responses to temperature by cultures of methanogens believed to play important roles in the digestor.	0
Abstract2class: Methanogenesis in a Thermophilic (58 degrees C) Anaerobic Digestor: Methanothrix sp. as an Important Aceticlastic Methanogen Abstract: Aceticlastic methanogens and other microbial groups were enumerated in a 58 degrees C laboratory-scale (3 liter) anaerobic digestor which was fed air-classified municipal refuse, a lignocellulosic waste (loading rate = 1.8 to 2.7 g of volatile solids per liter per day; retention time = 10 days). Two weeks after start-up, Methanosarcina sp. was present in high numbers (10 to 10 CFU/ml) and autofluorescent Methanosarcina-like clumps were abundant in sludge examined by using epifluorescence microscopy. After about 4 months of digestor operation, numbers of Methanosarcina sp. dropped 2 to 3 orders of magnitude and large numbers (most probable number = 10 to 10/ml) of a thermophilic aceticlastic methanogen morphologically resembing Methanothrix sp. were found. Methanothrix sp. had apparently displaced Methanosarcina sp. as the dominant aceticlastic methanogen in the digestor. During the period when Methanothrix sp. was apparently dominant, acetate concentrations varied between 0.3 and 1.5 mumol/ml during the daily feeding cycle, and acetate was the precursor of 63 to 66% of the methane produced during peak digestor methanogenesis. The apparent K(m) value obtained for methanogenesis from acetate, 0.3 mumol/ml, indicated that the aceticlastic methanogens were nearly saturated for substrate during most of the digestor cycle. CO(2)-reducing methanogens were capable of methanogenesis at rates more than 12 times greater than those usually found in the digestor. Added propionate (4.5 mumol/ml) was metabolized slowly by the digestor populations and slightly inhibited methanogenesis. Added n-butyrate, isobutyrate, or n-valerate (4.5 mumol/ml each) were broken down within 24 h. Isobutyrate was oxidized to acetate, a novel reaction possibly involving isomerization to n-butyrate. The rapid growth rate and versatile metabolism of Methanosarcina sp. make it a likely organism to be involved in start-up, whereas the low K(m) value of Methanothrix sp. for acetate may cause it to be favored in stable digestors operated with long retention times.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and Characterization of a Thermophilic Strain of Methanosarcina Unable to Use H(2)-CO(2) for Methanogenesis Abstract: A thermophilic strain of Methanosarcina, designated Methanosarcina strain TM-1, was isolated from a laboratory-scale 55 degrees C anaerobic sludge digestor by the Hungate roll-tube technique. Penicillin and d-cycloserine, inhibitors of peptidoglycan synthesis, were used as selective agents to eliminate contaminating non-methanogens. Methanosarcina strain TM-1 had a temperature optimum for methanogenesis near 50 degrees C and grew at 55 degrees C but not at 60 degrees C. Substrates used for methanogenesis and growth by Methanosarcina strain TM-1 were acetate (12-h doubling time), methanol (7- to 10-h doubling time), methanol-acetate mixtures (5-h doubling time), methylamine, and trimethylamine. When radioactively labeled acetate was the sole methanogenic substrate added to the growth medium, it was predominantly split to methane and carbon dioxide. When methanol was also present in the medium, the metabolism of acetate shifted to its oxidation and incorporation into cell material. Electrons derived from acetate oxidation apparently were used to reduce methanol. H(2)-CO(2) was not used for growth and methanogenesis by Methanosarcina strain TM-1. When presented with both H(2)-CO(2) and methanol, Methanosarcina strain TM-1 was capable of limited hydrogen metabolism during growth on methanol, but hydrogen metabolism ceased once the methanol was depleted. Methanosarcina strain TM-1 required a growth factor (or growth factors) present in the supernatant of anaerobic digestor sludge. Growth factor requirements and the inability to use H(2)-CO(2) are characteristics not found in other described Methanosarcina strains. The high numbers of Methanosarcina-like clumps in sludges from thermophilic digestors and the fast generation times reported here for Methanosarcina TM-1 indicate that Methanosarcina may play an important role in thermophilic methanogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Methane, carbon dioxide, and hydrogen sulfide production from the terminal methiol group of methionine by anaerobic lake sediments Abstract: A significant portion of the sulfide in lake sediments may be derived from sulfur-containing amino acids. Methionine degradation in Lake Mendota (Wisconsin) sediments was studied with gas chromatographic and radiotracer techniques. Temperature optimum and inhibitor studies showed that this process was biological. Methane thiol and dimethyl sulfide were produced in sediments when 1-mumol/ml unlabeled methionine was added. When chloroform (an inhibitor of one-carbon metabolism) was added to the sediments, methane thiol, carbon disulfide, and n-propane thiol were produced, even when no methionine was added. When S-labeled methionine was added to the sediments in tracer quantities (1.75 nmol/ml), labeled hydrogen sulfide was produced, and a roughly equal amount of label was incorporated into insoluble material. Methane and carbon dioxide were produced from [methyl-C]methionine. Evidence is given favoring methane thiol as an intermediate in the formation of methane, carbon dioxide, and hydrogen sulfide from the terminal methiol group of methionine. Methionine may be an important source of sulfide in lake sediments.	0
Abstract2class: Production of volatile sulfur compounds during the decomposition of algal mats Abstract: Blue-green algal mats incubated anaerobically rapidly produce large amounts of volatile sulfur compounds, including hydrogen sulfide, methyl mercaptan, and dimethyl sulfide. The major organic sulfur compound is methyl mercaptan, in contrast to previous results with marine eucaryotic algae. Light inhibited production of volatile sulfur compounds, apparently because the algae then produced O2, rendering the system aerobic.	0
Abstract2class: The murein hydrolase of the bacteriophage phi3626 dual lysis system is active against all tested Clostridium perfringens strains Abstract: Clostridium perfringens commonly occurs in food and feed, can produce an enterotoxin frequently implicated in food-borne disease, and has a substantial negative impact on the poultry industry. As a step towards new approaches for control of this organism, we investigated the cell wall lysis system of C. perfringens bacteriophage phi3626, whose dual lysis gene cassette consists of a holin gene and an endolysin gene. Hol3626 has two membrane-spanning domains (MSDs) and is a group II holin. A positively charged beta turn between the two MSDs suggests that both the amino terminus and the carboxy terminus of Hol3626 might be located outside the cell membrane, a very unusual holin topology. Holin function was experimentally demonstrated by using the ability of the holin to complement a deletion of the heterologous phage lambda S holin in lambdadeltaSthf. The endolysin gene ply3626 was cloned in Escherichia coli. However, protein synthesis occurred only when bacteria were supplemented with rare tRNA(Arg) and tRNA(Ile) genes. Formation of inclusion bodies could be avoided by drastically lowering the expression level. Amino-terminal modification by a six-histidine tag did not affect enzyme activity and enabled purification by metal chelate affinity chromatography. Ply3626 has an N-terminal amidase domain and a unique C-terminal portion, which might be responsible for the specific lytic range of the enzyme. All 48 tested strains of C. perfringens were sensitive to the murein hydrolase, whereas other clostridia and bacteria belonging to other genera were generally not affected. This highly specific activity towards C. perfringens might be useful for novel biocontrol measures in food, feed, and complex microbial communities.	0
Abstract2class: Potential repair of Escherichia coli DNA following exposure to UV radiation from both medium- and low-pressure UV sources used in drinking water treatment Abstract: The increased use of UV radiation as a drinking water treatment technology has instigated studies of the repair potential of microorganisms following treatment. This study challenged the repair potential of an optimally grown nonpathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli after UV radiation from low- and medium-pressure lamps. Samples were irradiated with doses of 5, 8, and 10 mJ/cm(2) from a low-pressure lamp and 3, 5, 8, and 10 mJ/cm(2) from a medium-pressure UV lamp housed in a bench-scale collimated beam apparatus. Following irradiation, samples were incubated at 37 degrees C under photoreactivating light or in the dark. Sample aliquots were analyzed for up to 4 h following incubation using a standard plate count. Results of this study showed that E. coli underwent photorepair following exposure to the low-pressure UV source, but no repair was detectable following exposure to the medium-pressure UV source at the initial doses examined. Minimal repair was eventually observed upon medium-pressure UV lamp exposure when doses were lowered to 3 mJ/cm(2). This study clearly indicates differences in repair potential under laboratory conditions between irradiation from low-pressure and medium-pressure UV sources of the type used in water treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Glucose metabolism in the yeast Schwanniomyces castellii: role of phosphorylation site I and an alternative respiratory pathway Abstract: Glucose metabolism in a Crabtree-negative yeast, Schwanniomyces castellii, and a cytochrome b-deficient mutant of this strain was investigated in chemostat culture. The wild-type and mutant strains exhibited the same behavior. Oxidative metabolism was observed when the substrate uptake rate (qS) was low. Fermentative metabolites were excreted when the qS value was higher than 0.40 g.g-1.h-1, indicating the occurrence of a respirofermentative metabolism; however, the respiratory quotient (RQ) remained near 1. When fermentation occurred, the cytochrome pathway was repressed but not the salicylhydroxamic acid (SHAM)-sensitive pathway. The presence of an alternative SHAM-sensitive respiratory pathway and the presence of phosphorylation site I in all metabolic conditions explained the RQ value of 1 and accounted for high biomass yields in oxidative metabolism conditions (0.62 g.g-1 for the wild-type strain and 0.31 g.g-1 for the cytochrome b-deficient mutant strain).	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of two biological aerosol sampling methods Abstract: Two biological aerosol samplers, the Andersen two-stage microbial impactor and the May three-stage glass impinger, were examined to determine the benefits and effectiveness of the May sampler compared with the Andersen sampler, one of the most widely accepted samplers. Side-by-side samples were collected during simulated wastewater spray irrigation dispersion studies. Escherichia coli colony counts and air concentrations were statistically treated to determine the dependability of the May results with respect to the Andersen results. After data pairs containing potentially overloaded Andersen counts were eliminated, a linear regression of the remaining data was performed. It indicates that although the May sampler reports 82% of the Andersen sampler value, the correlation between the two samplers is good with an r2 value of 0.84. This comparison indicates that although there are differences between the two samplers, they do give comparable results and that when both are used in a sampling program, they tend to complement each other.	0
Abstract2class: Variability of total and pathogenic Vibrio parahaemolyticus densities in northern Gulf of Mexico water and oysters Abstract: Vibrio parahaemolyticus is indigenous to coastal environments and a frequent cause of seafood-borne gastroenteritis in the United States, primarily due to raw-oyster consumption. Previous seasonal-cycle studies of V. parahaemolyticus have identified water temperature as the strongest environmental predictor. Salinity has also been identified, although it is evident that its effect on annual variation is not as pronounced. The effects of other environmental factors, both with respect to the seasonal cycle and intraseasonal variation, are uncertain. This study investigated intraseasonal variations of densities of total and pathogenic V. parahaemolyticus organisms in oysters and overlying waters during the summer of 2004 at two sites in the northern Gulf of Mexico. Regression analyses indicated significant associations (P < 0.001) between total V. parahaemolyticus densities and salinity, as well as turbidity in water and in oysters at the Mississippi site but not at the Alabama site. Pathogenic V. parahaemolyticus organisms in Mississippi oyster and water samples were detected in 56% (9 out of 16) and 78% (43 out of 55) of samples, respectively. In contrast, 44% (7 out of 16) of oyster samples and 30% (14 out of 47) of water samples from Alabama were positive. At both sites, there was greater sample-to-sample variability in pathogenic V. parahaemolyticus densities than in total V. parahaemolyticus densities. These data suggest that, although total V. parahaemolyticus densities may be very informative, there is greater uncertainty when total V. parahaemolyticus densities are used to predict the risk of infection by pathogenic V. parahaemolyticus than previously recognized.	0
Abstract2class: Simultaneous determination of the total number of aquatic bacteria and the number thereof involved in respiration Abstract: The electron transport system of respiring organisms reduces 2-(p-iodophenyl)-3-(p-nitrophenyl)-5-phenyl tetrazolium chloride (INT) to INT-formazan. Respiring bacteria deposit accumulated INT-formazan intracellularly as dark red spots. Corresponding to electron transport system activity, these deposits attain a size and a degree of optical density which allows them to be examined by light microscopy. If polycarbonate filters and epifluorescence microscopy are applied to analyze an INT-treated water sample, it is possible to differentiate between respiring and apparently nonrespiring bacteria. This differentiation, which permits determinations of the total number of bacteria and the proportion thereof involved in respiration, is realized directly within one and the same microscopic image. Initial applications of the present method for hydrobiological purposes showed that the proportion of respiring aquatic bacteria ranged between 6 to 12% (samples taken from coastal areas of the Baltic Sea) and 5 to 36% (samples taken from freshwater lakes and ponds). Cells of 1.6 to 2.4 micrometer (freshwater) and 0.4 micrometer (Baltic Sea) account for the highest proportion of respiring bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Specific plate assay for bacterial heparinase Abstract: A procedure was developed for detecting heparinase activity on heparin agar plates. The method is based on the differential precipitation of heparin and heparinase-generated heparin fragments by protamine sulfate. Heparinase activity is detected by the presence of clear zones against a white background. This method can be used to screen for the expression of recombinant heparinase and to identify Flavobacterium heparinum mutants expressing heparinase constitutively.	0
Abstract2class: Performance and specificity of the covalently linked immunomagnetic separation-ATP method for rapid detection and enumeration of enterococci in coastal environments Abstract: The performance and specificity of the covalently linked immunomagnetic separation-ATP (Cov-IMS/ATP) method for the detection and enumeration of enterococci was evaluated in recreational waters. Cov-IMS/ATP performance was compared with standard methods: defined substrate technology (Enterolert; IDEXX Laboratories), membrane filtration (EPA Method 1600), and an Enterococcus-specific quantitative PCR (qPCR) assay (EPA Method A). We extend previous studies by (i) analyzing the stability of the relationship between the Cov-IMS/ATP method and culture-based methods at different field sites, (ii) evaluating specificity of the assay for seven ATCC Enterococcus species, (iii) identifying cross-reacting organisms binding the antibody-bead complexes with 16S rRNA gene sequencing and evaluating specificity of the assay to five nonenterococcus species, and (iv) conducting preliminary tests of preabsorption as a means of improving the assay. Cov-IMS/ATP was found to perform consistently and with strong agreement rates (based on exceedance/compliance with regulatory limits) of between 83% and 100% compared to the culture-based Enterolert method at a variety of sites with complex inputs. The Cov-IMS/ATP method is specific to five of seven different Enterococcus spp. tested. However, there is potential for nontarget bacteria to bind the antibody, which may be reduced by purification of the IgG serum with preabsorption at problematic sites. The findings of this study help to validate the Cov-IMS/ATP method, suggesting a predictable relationship between the Cov-IMS/ATP method and traditional culture-based methods, which will allow for more widespread application of this rapid and field-portable method for coastal water quality assessment.	0
Abstract2class: Degradation of azo dyes by Trametes villosa laccase over long periods of oxidative conditions Abstract: Trametes villosa laccase was used for direct azo dye degradation, and the reaction products that accumulated after 72 h of incubation were analyzed. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) analysis showed the formation of phenolic compounds during the dye oxidation process as well as a large amount of polymerized products that retain azo group integrity. The amino-phenol reactions were also investigated by 13C-nuclear magnetic resonance and LC-MS analysis, and the polymerization character of laccase was shown. This study highlights the fact that laccases polymerize the reaction products obtained during long-term batch decolorization processes with azo dyes. These polymerized products provide unacceptable color levels in effluents, limiting the application of laccases as bioremediation agents.	0
Abstract2class: Involvement of Rhodocyclus-related organisms in phosphorus removal in full-scale wastewater treatment plants Abstract: The participation of organisms related to Rhodocyclus in full-scale enhanced biological phosphorus removal (EBPR) was investigated. By using fluorescent in situ hybridization techniques, the communities of Rhodocyclus-related organisms in two full-scale wastewater treatment plants were estimated to represent between 13 and 18% of the total bacterial population. However, the fractions of these communities that participated in polyphosphate accumulation depended on the type of treatment process evaluated. In a University of Cape Town EBPR process, the percentage of Rhodocyclus-related cells that contained polyphosphate was about 20% of the total bacterial population, but these cells represented as much as 73% of the polyphosphate-accumulating organisms (PAOs). In an aerated-anoxic EBPR process, Rhodocyclus-related PAOs were less numerous, accounting for 6% of the total bacterial population and 26% of the total PAO population. In addition, 16S ribosomal DNA sequences 99.9% similar to the sequences of Rhodocyclus-related organisms enriched in acetate-fed bench-scale EBPR reactors were recovered from both full-scale plants. These results confirmed the involvement of Rhodocyclus-related organisms in EBPR and demonstrated their importance in full-scale processes. In addition, the results revealed a significant correlation between the type of EBPR process and the PAO community.	0
Abstract2class: Listeria monocytogenes Strains Underrepresented during Selective Enrichment with an ISO Method Might Dominate during Passage through Simulated Gastric Fluid and In Vitro Infection of Caco-2 Cells Abstract: Various Listeria monocytogenes strains may contaminate a single food product, potentially resulting in simultaneous exposure of consumers to multiple strains. However, due to bias in strain recovery, L. monocytogenes strains isolated from foods by selective enrichment (SE) might not always represent those that can better survive the immune system of a patient. We investigated the effect of cocultivation in tryptic soy broth with 0.6% yeast extract (TSB-Y) at 10°C for 8 days on (i) the detection of L. monocytogenes strains during SE with the ISO 11290-1:1996/Amd 1:2004 protocol and (ii) the in vitro virulence of strains toward the Caco-2 human colon epithelial cancer cell line following exposure to simulated gastric fluid (SGF; pH 2.0)-HCl (37°C). We determined whether the strains which were favored by SE would be effective competitors under the conditions of challenges related to gastrointestinal passage of the pathogen. Interstrain competition of L. monocytogenes in TSB-Y determined the relative population of each strain at the beginning of SE. This in turn impacted the outcome of SE (i.e., favoring survival of competitors with better fitness) and the levels exposed subsequently to SGF. However, strong growth competitors could be outcompeted after SGF exposure and infection of Caco-2 cells by strains outgrown in TSB-Y and underdetected (or even missed) during enrichment. Our data demonstrate a preferential selection of certain L. monocytogenes strains during enrichments, often not reflecting a selective advantage of strains during infection. These findings highlight a noteworthy scenario associated with the difficulty of matching the source of infection (food) with the L. monocytogenes isolate appearing to be the causative agent during listeriosis outbreak investigations.IMPORTANCE This report is relevant to understanding the processes involved in selection and prevalence of certain L. monocytogenes strains in different environments (i.e., foods or sites of humans exposed to the pathogen). It highlights the occurrence of multiple strains in the same food as an important aspect contributing to mismatches between clinical isolates and infection sources during listeriosis outbreak investigations.	0
Abstract2class: Incorporation of P and Growth of Pseudomonad UP-2 on n-Tetracosane Abstract: Cultures of the marine pseudomonad UP-2 growing on n-tetracosane contained both free cells and cells bound to the solid hydrocarbon. After separation by filtration through a Whatman no. 1 filter, the numbers of free and bound cells were estimated from the amount of P incorporated into each fraction and the determined value of P incorporation per viable cell in the filtrate (free cells). During the early exponential growth phase, over 80% of the cells were bound to large pieces of n-tetracosane; as the culture approached the stationary phase, the number of bound cells remained constant, whereas free cells continued to accumulate. Pulse-labeling experiments indicated that cells grew both on the surface of the solid and in the aqueous medium. During the growth cycle, a portion of the n-tetracosane which was initially nonfilterable was recovered in the filtrate in a form which was largely cell associated. This cell-associated n-tetracosane was preferentially utilized and could completely account for the observed growth of free cells.	0
Abstract2class: Biotransformation of 2-benzoxazolinone and 2-hydroxy-1,4-benzoxazin-3-one by endophytic fungi isolated from Aphelandra tetragona Abstract: The biotransformation of the phytoanticipins 2-benzoxazolinone (BOA) and 2-hydroxy-1,4-benzoxazin-3-one (HBOA) by four endophytic fungi isolated from Aphelandra tetragona was studied. Using high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, several new products of acylation, oxidation, reduction, hydrolysis, and nitration were identified. Fusarium sambucinum detoxified BOA and HBOA to N-(2-hydroxyphenyl)malonamic acid. Plectosporium tabacinum, Gliocladium cibotii, and Chaetosphaeria sp. transformed HBOA to 2-hydroxy-N-(2-hydroxyphenyl)acetamide, N-(2-hydroxyphenyl)acetamide, N-(2-hydroxy-5-nitrophenyl)acetamide, N-(2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetamide, 2-amino-3H-phenoxazin-3-one, 2-acetylamino-3H-phenoxazin-3-one, and 2-(N-hydroxy)acetylamino-3H-phenoxazin-3-one. BOA was not degraded by these three fungal isolates. Using 2-hydroxy-N-(2-hydroxyphenyl)[(13)C(2)]acetamide, it was shown that the metabolic pathway for HBOA and BOA degradation leads to o-aminophenol as a key intermediate.	0
Abstract2class: Production of eight different hydride complexes and nitrite release from 2,4,6-trinitrotoluene by Yarrowia lipolytica Abstract: 2,4,6-Trinitrotoluene (TNT) transformation by the yeast strain Yarrowia lipolytica AN-L15 was shown to occur via two different pathways. Direct aromatic ring reduction was the predominant mechanism of TNT transformation, while nitro group reduction was observed to be a minor pathway. Although growth of Y. lipolytica AN-L15 was inhibited initially in the presence of TNT, TNT transformation was observed, indicating that the enzymes necessary for TNT reduction were present initially. Aromatic ring reduction resulted in the transient accumulation of eight different TNT-hydride complexes, which were characterized using high-performance liquid chromatography, UV-visible diode array detection, and negative-mode atmospheric pressure chemical ionization mass spectrometry (APCI-MS). APCI-MS analysis revealed three different groups of TNT-hydride complexes with molecular ions at m/z 227, 228, and 230, which correspond to TNT-mono- and dihydride complexes and protonated dihydride isomers, respectively. One of the three protonated dihydride complex isomers detected appears to release nitrite in the presence of strain AN-L15. This release of nitrite is of particular interest since it can provide a pathway towards complete degradation and detoxification of TNT.	0
Abstract2class: Computer analysis of Staphylococcus aureus phage typing data from 1957 to 1975, citing epidemiological trends and natural evolution within the phage typing system Abstract: Computer analysis of Staphylococcus aureus phage ty ping data collected for over 18 years in a large research hospital showed a drastic decrease in the number of hospital epidemic strains. Phage lysis patterns gradually modified from those of earlier years and were a reflection of changes within the S. aureus reservoir, and not within the typing phages, since the typing phages were used from stable lyophilized stocks. There was increasing cross-lysis of S. aureus strains by phages of lytic groups I, II, and III, such that this grouping was no longer epidemiologically valid. A 61% increase in unique strains occurred from the period 1957 to 1975. Disappearance of the widely recognized epidemic strains was followed by a proliferation of unique strains with individual phage patterns. These increased from 38% in the period 1957 to 1962 to 62% in the period 1969 to 1975, indicating a trend toward a "one patient-one strain" situation. Nontypable strains decreased in more recent years from 16% (1957 to 1975) to 7% in 1978, following introduction of phages 94, 96, 292, and D-11. Pandemic S. aureus strain 80/81 first appeared in this hospital in 1959, 5 years after it was first reported in the United States. Strain 80/81 disappeared from the hospital in 1963, partly due to the advent of methicillin.	0
Abstract2class: Stabilities of lyophilized Staphylococcus aureus typing bacteriophages Abstract: Staphylococcus aureus bacteriophages (25 phages) were lyophilized in aliquots 12 to 18 years ago and stored in vacuo at -20 degrees C. Eight viruses each lost one log titer, while seventeen retained the original titers. The use of lyophilized phages provided more reproducible phage typing and reduced by 75% the complexity and cost. This important test is thus made feasible for more laboratories.	0
Abstract2class: Adherence of bacteria, yeast, blood cells, and latex spheres to large-porosity membrane filters Abstract: Strong adherence of bacteria, yeast, erythrocytes, leukocytes, platelets, spores, and polystyrene spheres to membrane filter materials was noted during filtration through membranes with pore size diameters much larger than the particles themselves. Quantitative recovery on the membrane filters of these particles from low-concentration suspensions was achieved during gravity- or vacuum-assisted filtration through membranes with pore diameters as much as 30 times that of the filtered particles. Mechanical sieving was not responsible. The phenomenon was judged to be electrostatic. It could be partially blocked by pretreating the filter with a nonionic surfactant (Tween 20), and elution of adherent particles was achieved with 0.05% Tween 20. Gram-positive cocci were removed from suspension more efficiently than gram-negative rods. The commonly used cellulose membranes adsorbed more bacteria, blood cells, and other particles than did polycarbonate filters. Of lesser adsorptive capacity were vinyl acetate, nylon, acrylic, and Teflon membranes. Backwashing with saline, serum, 6% NaCl, dextran solutions, or phosphate buffers of varying molality and pH removed only a fraction of adherent particles. Tween 20 (0.05%) eluted up to 45% of adherent particles in a single back-filtration. Selected filters quantitatively removed the particles tested, which then could be washed and subjected to reagents for a variety of purposes. It is important to anticipate the removal of particles during membrane filtration, since it is not a simple mechanical event.	0
Abstract2class: Relevance of the endosymbiosis of Blochmannia floridanus and carpenter ants at different stages of the life cycle of the host Abstract: Expression of several genes possibly involved in the symbiotic relationship between the obligate intracellular endosymbiont Blochmannia floridanus and its ant host Camponotus floridanus was investigated at different developmental stages of the host by real-time quantitative PCR. These included a set of genes related to nitrogen metabolism (ureC, ureF, glnA, and speB) as well as genes involved in the synthesis of the aromatic amino acid tyrosine (tyrA, aspC, and hisC). The overall transcriptional activity of Blochmannia was found to be quite low during early developmental stages and to increase steadily with host age. However, a concerted peak of gene expression related to nitrogen recycling could be detected around the entire process of pupation, while expression of biosynthesis pathways for aromatic amino acids was elevated only during a short phase in pupation. These data suggest an important role of certain metabolic functions for the symbiotic interactions of the bacteria and an individual host organism in early phases of development. General relevance of Blochmannia for its ant host was tested in fostering experiments with worker groups of Camponotus floridanus, and their success in raising pupae from first-instar larvae was used as a fitness measure. Groups treated with antibiotics had a significantly reduced success in raising the brood in comparison to untreated control groups, indicating that the symbiosis is relevant for the development of the entire colony.	0
Abstract2class: Newly cultured bacteria with broad diversity isolated from eight-week continuous culture enrichments of cow feces on complex polysaccharides Abstract: One of the functions of the mammalian large intestinal microbiota is the fermentation of plant cell wall components. In ruminant animals, the majority of their nutrients are obtained via pregastric fermentation; however, up to 20% can be recovered from microbial fermentation in the large intestine. Eight-week continuous culture enrichments of cattle feces with cellulose and xylan-pectin were used to isolate bacteria from this community. A total of 459 bacterial isolates were classified phylogenetically using 16S rRNA gene sequencing. Six phyla were represented: Firmicutes (51.9%), Bacteroidetes (30.9%), Proteobacteria (11.1%), Actinobacteria (3.5%), Synergistetes (1.5%), and Fusobacteria (1.1%). The majority of bacterial isolates had <98.5% identity to cultured bacteria with sequences in the Ribosomal Database Project and thus represent new species and/or genera. Within the Firmicutes isolates, most were classified in the families Lachnospiraceae, Ruminococcaceae, Erysipelotrichaceae, and Clostridiaceae I. The majority of the Bacteroidetes were most closely related to Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, B. ovatus, and B. xylanisolvens and members of the Porphyromonadaceae family. Many of the Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes isolates were related to species demonstrated to possess enzymes which ferment plant cell wall components; the others were hypothesized to cross-feed these bacteria. The microbial communities that arose in these enrichment cultures had broad bacterial diversity. With over 98% of the isolates not represented as previously cultured, there are new opportunities to study the genomic and metabolic capacities of these members of the complex intestinal microbiota.	0
Abstract2class: Exploiting the natural diversity of microviridin gene clusters for discovery of novel tricyclic depsipeptides Abstract: Microviridins are ribosomally synthesized tricyclic depsipeptides produced by different genera of cyanobacteria. The prevalence of the microviridin gene clusters and the natural diversity of microviridin precursor sequences are currently unknown. Screening of laboratory strains and field samples of the bloom-forming freshwater cyanobacterium Microcystis via PCR revealed global occurrence of the microviridin pathway and an unexpected natural variety. We could detect 15 new variants of the precursor gene mdnA encoding microviridin backbones that differ in up to 4 amino acid positions from known isoforms of the peptide. The survey not only provides insights into the versatility of the biosynthetic enzymes in a closely related group of cyanobacteria, but also facilitates the discovery and characterization of cryptic microviridin variants. This is demonstrated for microviridin L in Microcystis aeruginosa strain NIES843 and heterologously produced variants.	0
Abstract2class: Generation of novel-substrate-accepting biphenyl dioxygenases through segmental random mutagenesis and identification of residues involved in enzyme specificity Abstract: Aryl-hydroxylating dioxygenases are of interest for the degradation of persistant aromatic pollutants, such as polychlorobiphenyls (PCBs), or as catalysts for the functionalization of aromatic scaffolds. In order to achieve dioxygenation of technical mixtures of PCBs, enzymes with broadened or altered substrate ranges are essential. To alter the substrate specificity of the biphenyl dioxygenase (BphA) of Burkholderia xenovorans LB400, we applied a directed evolution approach that used structure-function relationship data to target random mutageneses to specific segments of the enzyme. The limitation of random amino acid (AA) substitutions to regions that are critical for substrate binding and the exclusion of AA exchanges from positions that are essential for catalytic activity yielded enzyme variants of interest at comparatively high frequencies. After only a single mutagenic cycle, 10 beneficial variants were detected in a library of fewer than 1,000 active enzymes. Compared to the parental BphA, they showed between 5- and 200-fold increased turnover of chlorinated biphenyls, with substituent patterns that rendered them largely recalcitrant to attack by BphA-LB400. Determination of their sequences identified AAs that prevent the acceptance of specific PCBs by the wild-type enzyme, such as Pro334 and Phe384. The results suggest prime targets for subsequent cycles of BphA modification. Correlations with a three-dimensional model of the enzyme indicated that most of the exchanges with major influence on substrate turnover do not involve pocket-lining residues and had not been predictable through structural modeling.	0
Abstract2class: Gene cluster conferring streptomycin, sulfonamide, and tetracycline resistance in Escherichia coli O157:H7 phage types 23, 45, and 67 Abstract: Multidrug resistance to streptomycin, sulfonamide, and tetracycline (AMR-SSuT) was identified in 156 of 171 isolates of Escherichia coli O157:H7 of phage types 23, 45, and 67. In 154 AMR-SSuT isolates, resistance was encoded by strA, strB, sul2, and tet(B), which in 59 of 63 tested isolates were found clustered together on the chromosome within the cdiA locus.	0
Abstract2class: Genotypic characterization and prevalence of virulence factors among Canadian Escherichia coli O157:H7 strains Abstract: In this study, the association between genotypic and selected phenotypic characteristics was examined in a collection of Canadian Escherichia coli O157:H7 strains isolated from humans and cattle in the provinces of Alberta, Ontario, Saskatchewan, and Quebec. In a subset of 69 strains selected on the basis of specific phage types (PTs), a strong correlation between the lineage-specific polymorphism assay (LSPA6) genotype and PT was observed with all strains of PTs 4, 14, 21, 31, 33, and 87 belonging to the LSPA6 lineage I (LSPA6-LI) genotype, while those of PTs 23, 45, 67, and 74 belonged to LSPA6 lineage II (LSPA6-LII) genotypes. This correlation was maintained when additional strains of each PT were tested. E. coli O157:H7 strains with the LSPA6-LI genotype were much more common in the collection than were the LSPA6-LII or lineage I/II (LSPA6-LI/II)-related genotypes (82.6, 11.2, and 5.8%, respectively). Of the strains tested, proportionately more LSPA6-LI than LSPA6-LII genotype strains were isolated from humans (52.7% versus 19.7%) than from cattle (47.8% versus 80.2%). In addition, 96.7% of the LSPA6-LII strains carried the stx(2c) variant gene, while only 50.0% of LSPA6-LI/II and 2.7% of LSPA6-LI strains carried this gene. LSPA6-LII strains were also significantly more likely to possess the colicin D gene, cda (50.8% versus 23.2%), and have combined resistance to streptomycin, sulfisoxazole, and tetracycline (72.1% versus 0.9%) than were LSPA6-LI strains. The LSPA6 genotype- and PT-related characteristics identified may be important markers of specific ecotypes of E. coli O157:H7 that have unique epidemiological and virulence characteristics.	0
Abstract2class: Applicability of phylogenetic methods for characterizing the public health significance of verocytotoxin-producing Escherichia coli strains Abstract: Two phylogenetic methods (multilocus sequence typing [MLST] and a multiplex PCR) were investigated to determine whether phylogenetic classification of verocytotoxin-producing Escherichia coli serotypes correlates with their classification into groups (seropathotypes A to E) based on their relative incidence in human disease and on their association with outbreaks and serious complications. MLST was able to separate 96% of seropathotype D and E serotypes from those that cause serious disease (seropathotypes A to C), whereas the multiplex PCR lacked this level of seropathotype discrimination.	0
Abstract2class: Different antibiotic resistance and sporulation properties within multiclonal Clostridium difficile PCR ribotypes 078, 126, and 033 in a single calf farm Abstract: Clostridium difficile strains were sampled periodically from 50 animals at a single veal calf farm over a period of 6 months. At arrival, 10% of animals were C. difficile positive, and the peak incidence was determined to occur at the age of 18 days (16%). The prevalence then decreased, and at slaughter, C. difficile could not be isolated. Six different PCR ribotypes were detected, and strains within a single PCR ribotype could be differentiated further by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE). The PCR ribotype diversity was high up to the animal age of 18 days, but at later sampling points, PCR ribotype 078 and the highly related PCR ribotype 126 predominated. Resistance to tetracycline, doxycycline, and erythromycin was detected, while all strains were susceptible to amoxicillin and metronidazole. Multiple variations of the resistance gene tet(M) were present at the same sampling point, and these changed over time. We have shown that PCR ribotypes often associated with cattle (ribotypes 078, 126, and 033) were not clonal but differed in PFGE type, sporulation properties, antibiotic sensitivities, and tetracycline resistance determinants, suggesting that multiple strains of the same PCR ribotype infected the calves and that calves were likely to be infected prior to arrival at the farm. Importantly, strains isolated at later time points were more likely to be resistant to tetracycline and erythromycin and showed higher early sporulation efficiencies in vitro, suggesting that these two properties converge to promote the persistence of C. difficile in the environment or in hosts.	0
Abstract2class: Homolactate fermentation by metabolically engineered Escherichia coli strains Abstract: We report the homofermentative production of lactate in Escherichia coli strains containing mutations in the aceEF, pfl, poxB, and pps genes, which encode the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex, pyruvate formate lyase, pyruvate oxidase, and phosphoenolpyruvate synthase, respectively. The process uses a defined medium and two distinct fermentation phases: aerobic growth to an optical density of about 30, followed by nongrowth, anaerobic production. Strain YYC202 (aceEF pfl poxB pps) generated 90 g/liter lactate in 16 h during the anaerobic phase (with a yield of 0.95 g/g and a productivity of 5.6 g/liter . h). Ca(OH)(2) was found to be superior to NaOH for pH control, and interestingly, significant succinate also accumulated (over 7 g/liter) despite the use of N(2) for maintaining anaerobic conditions. Strain ALS961 (YYC202 ppc) prevented succinate accumulation, but growth was very poor. Strain ALS974 (YYC202 frdABCD) reduced succinate formation by 70% to less than 3 g/liter. (13)C nuclear magnetic resonance analysis using uniformly labeled acetate demonstrated that succinate formation by ALS974 was biochemically derived from acetate in the medium. The absence of uniformly labeled succinate, however, demonstrated that glyoxylate did not reenter the tricarboxylic acid cycle via oxaloacetate. By minimizing the residual acetate at the time that the production phase commenced, the process with ALS974 achieved 138 g/liter lactate (1.55 M, 97% of the carbon products), with a yield of 0.99 g/g and a productivity of 6.3 g/liter . h during the anaerobic phase.	0
Abstract2class: Periplasmic Cytophaga hutchinsonii Endoglucanases Are Required for Use of Crystalline Cellulose as the Sole Source of Carbon and Energy Abstract: The soil bacterium Cytophaga hutchinsonii actively digests crystalline cellulose by a poorly understood mechanism. Genome analyses identified nine genes predicted to encode endoglucanases with roles in this process. No predicted cellobiohydrolases, which are usually involved in the utilization of crystalline cellulose, were identified. Chromosomal deletions were performed in eight of the endoglucanase-encoding genes: cel5A, cel5B, cel5C, cel9A, cel9B, cel9C, cel9E, and cel9F Each mutant retained the ability to digest crystalline cellulose, although the deletion of cel9C caused a modest decrease in cellulose utilization. Strains with multiple deletions were constructed to identify the critical cellulases. Cells of a mutant lacking both cel5B and cel9C were completely deficient in growth on cellulose. Cell fractionation and biochemical analyses indicate that Cel5B and Cel9C are periplasmic nonprocessive endoglucanases. The requirement of periplasmic endoglucanases for cellulose utilization suggests that cellodextrins are transported across the outer membrane during this process. Bioinformatic analyses predict that Cel5A, Cel9A, Cel9B, Cel9D, and Cel9E are secreted across the outer membrane by the type IX secretion system, which has been linked to cellulose utilization. These secreted endoglucanases may perform the initial digestion within amorphous regions on the cellulose fibers, releasing oligomers that are transported into the periplasm for further digestion by Cel5B and Cel9C. The results suggest that both cell surface and periplasmic endoglucanases are required for the growth of C. hutchinsonii on cellulose and that novel cell surface proteins may solubilize and transport cellodextrins across the outer membrane.                  Importance:                       The bacterium Cytophaga hutchinsonii digests crystalline cellulose by an unknown mechanism. It lacks processive cellobiohydrolases that are often involved in cellulose digestion. Critical cellulolytic enzymes were identified by genetic analyses. Intracellular (periplasmic) nonprocessive endoglucanases performed an important role in cellulose utilization. The results suggest a model involving partial digestion at the cell surface, solubilization and uptake of cellodextrins across the outer membrane by an unknown mechanism, and further digestion within the periplasm. The ability to sequester cellodextrins and digest them intracellularly may limit losses of soluble cellobiose to other organisms. C. hutchinsonii uses an unusual approach to digest cellulose and is a potential source of novel proteins to increase the efficiency of conversion of cellulose into soluble sugars and biofuels.	0
Abstract2class: High glycolytic flux improves pyruvate production by a metabolically engineered Escherichia coli strain Abstract: We report pyruvate formation in Escherichia coli strain ALS929 containing mutations in the aceEF, pfl, poxB, pps, and ldhA genes which encode, respectively, the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex, pyruvate formate lyase, pyruvate oxidase, phosphoenolpyruvate synthase, and lactate dehydrogenase. The glycolytic rate and pyruvate productivity were compared using glucose-, acetate-, nitrogen-, or phosphorus-limited chemostats at a growth rate of 0.15 h(-1). Of these four nutrient limitation conditions, growth under acetate limitation resulted in the highest glycolytic flux (1.60 g/g . h), pyruvate formation rate (1.11 g/g h), and pyruvate yield (0.70 g/g). Additional mutations in atpFH and arcA (strain ALS1059) further elevated the steady-state glycolytic flux to 2.38 g/g h in an acetate-limited chemostat, with heterologous NADH oxidase expression causing only modest additional improvement. A fed-batch process with strain ALS1059 using defined medium with 5 mM betaine as osmoprotectant and an exponential feeding rate of 0.15 h(-1) achieved 90 g/liter pyruvate, with an overall productivity of 2.1 g/liter h and yield of 0.68 g/g.	0
Abstract2class: Dose-dependent effects of Lactobacillus rhamnosus on serum interleukin-17 production and intestinal T-cell responses in pigs challenged with Escherichia coli Abstract: The mechanism underlying the dose effect of probiotics on ameliorating diarrhea has not been fully elucidated. Here, low (1 × 10(9) CFU/ml) or high (1 × 10(11) CFU/ml) doses of Lactobacillus rhamnosus ATCC 7469 were administered orally to piglets for 1 week before F4 (K88)-positive enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli (F4(+) ETEC) challenge. Administration of a low, but not a high, dose of L. rhamnosus decreased the percentage of CD3(+) CD4(+) CD8(-) T cells in the peripheral blood. Notably, transiently increased serum concentrations of interleukin-17A (IL-17A) were observed after F4(+) ETEC challenge in pigs pretreated with a high dose of L. rhamnosus. Administration of L. rhamnosus increased the percentage of the small intestinal lamina propria CD3(+) CD4(+) CD8(-) cells and Peyer's patch CD3(+) CD4(-) CD8(-) and CD3(-) CD4(-) CD8(+) cells. The percentage of ileal intraepithelial CD3(+) CD4(-) CD8(+) cells increased only in the high-dose piglets. Administration of L. rhamnosus downregulated expression of ileal IL-17A after F4(+) ETEC challenge but had no effect on expression of gamma interferon (IFN-γ), IL-12, IL-4, and FOXP3 mRNA in the small intestine. Expression of jejunal IL-2, ileal transforming growth factor β1 (TGF-β1), and ileal IL-10 was upregulated in the low-dose piglets after F4(+) ETEC challenge. Our findings suggest that amelioration of infectious diarrhea in piglets by L. rhamnosus is associated with the generation of lamina propria CD3(+) CD4(+) CD8(-) T cells, the expansion of Peyer's patch CD3(+) CD4(-) CD8(-) and CD3(-) CD4(-) CD8(+) cells, and the attenuation of F4(+) ETEC-induced increase in CD3(+) CD4(+) CD8(+) T cells in the small intestine. However, consumption of high doses of L. rhamnosus may increase levels of serum IL-17A after F4(+) ETEC challenge, thus eliciting a strong proinflammatory response.	0
Abstract2class: Metabolic changes in Klebsiella oxytoca in response to low oxidoreduction potential, as revealed by comparative proteomic profiling integrated with flux balance analysis Abstract: Oxidoreduction potential (ORP) is an important physiological parameter for biochemical production in anaerobic or microaerobic processes. However, the effect of ORP on cellular physiology remains largely unknown, which hampers the design of engineering strategies targeting proteins associated with ORP response. Here we characterized the effect of altering ORP in a 1,3-propanediol producer, Klebsiella oxytoca, by comparative proteomic profiling combined with flux balance analysis. Decreasing the extracellular ORP from -150 to -240 mV retarded cell growth and enhanced 1,3-propanediol production. Comparative proteomic analysis identified 61 differentially expressed proteins, mainly involved in carbohydrate catabolism, cellular constituent biosynthesis, and reductive stress response. A hypothetical oxidoreductase (HOR) that catalyzes 1,3-propanediol production was markedly upregulated, while proteins involved in biomass precursor synthesis were downregulated. As revealed by subsequent flux balance analysis, low ORP induced a metabolic shift from glycerol oxidation to reduction and rebalancing of redox and energy metabolism. From the integrated protein expression profiles and flux distributions, we can construct a rational analytic framework that elucidates how (facultative) anaerobes respond to extracellular ORP changes.	0
Abstract2class: Separation of Protein Crystals from Spores of Bacillus thuringiensis by Ludox Gradient Centrifugation Abstract: A method is described for the purification of Bacillus thuringiensis protein crystals by Ludox gradient centrifugation. This method is simple, inexpensive, fast, and efficient compared with other techniques. It has been successfully used to purify and characterize the protein crystals from several B. thuringiensis strains.	0
Abstract2class: Alamethicin suppresses methanogenesis and promotes acetogenesis in bioelectrochemical systems Abstract: Microbial electrosynthesis (MES) systems with mixed cultures often generate a variety of gaseous and soluble chemicals. Methane is the primary end product in mixed-culture MES because it is the thermodynamically most favorable reduction product of CO2. Here, we show that the peptaibol alamethicin selectively suppressed the growth of methanogens in mixed-culture MES systems, resulting in a shift of the solution and cathode communities to an acetate-producing system dominated by Sporomusa, a known acetogenic genus in MES systems. Archaea in the methane-producing control were dominated by Methanobrevibacter species, but no Archaea were detected in the alamethicin-treated reactors. No methane was detected in the mixed-culture reactors treated with alamethicin over 10 cycles (∼ 3 days each). Instead, acetate was produced at an average rate of 115 nmol ml(-1) day(-1), similar to the rate reported previously for pure cultures of Sporomusa ovata on biocathodes. Mixed-culture control reactors without alamethicin generated methane at nearly 100% coulombic recovery, and no acetate was detected. These results show that alamethicin is effective for the suppression of methanogen growth in MES systems and that its use enables the production of industrially relevant organic compounds by the inhibition of methanogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: A putative ABC transporter is involved in negative regulation of biofilm formation by Listeria monocytogenes Abstract: Listeria monocytogenes may persist for long periods in food processing environments. In some instances, this may be due to aggregation or biofilm formation. To investigate the mechanism controlling biofilm formation in the food-borne pathogen L. monocytogenes, we characterized LM-49, a mutant with enhanced ability of biofilm formation generated via transposon Tn917 mutagenesis of L. monocytogenes 4b G. In this mutant, a Tn917 insertion has disrupted the coding region of the gene encoding a putative ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter permease identical to Lmof2365_1771 (a putative ABC transporter permease) presented in the sequenced strain L. monocytogenes strain 4b F2365. This disrupted gene, denoted lm.G_1771, encoded a protein with 10 transmembrane helices. The revertant, LM-49RE, was obtained by replacing lm.G_1771::Tn917 with lm.G_1771 via homologous recombination. We found that LM-49RE formed the same amount of biofilm biomass as the wild-type strain. Furthermore, transcription of the downstream lm.G_1770 gene was not influenced by the upstream Tn917 insertion, and the presence of Tn917 has no effect on biofilm formation. These results suggest that lm.G_1771 was solely responsible for the negative regulation of biofilm formation by L. monocytogenes 4b G. The immediate gene upstream of lm.G_1771 encoded an ATP-binding protein. Bioinformatics analysis suggested that these two genes were organized into an operon and that their proteins formed an export ABC transporter. Here, we report the characterization of the mutant and identification of a novel ABC transporter that functions in negative regulation of biofilm formation in L. monocytogenes.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of microbial communities in gas industry pipelines Abstract: Culture-independent techniques, denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (DGGE) analysis, and random cloning of 16S rRNA gene sequences amplified from community DNA were used to determine the diversity of microbial communities in gas industry pipelines. Samples obtained from natural gas pipelines were used directly for DNA extraction, inoculated into sulfate-reducing bacterium medium, or used to inoculate a reactor that simulated a natural gas pipeline environment. The variable V2-V3 (average size, 384 bp) and V3-V6 (average size, 648 bp) regions of bacterial and archaeal 16S rRNA genes, respectively, were amplified from genomic DNA isolated from nine natural gas pipeline samples and analyzed. A total of 106 bacterial 16S rDNA sequences were derived from DGGE bands, and these formed three major clusters: beta and gamma subdivisions of Proteobacteria and gram-positive bacteria. The most frequently encountered bacterial species was Comamonas denitrificans, which was not previously reported to be associated with microbial communities found in gas pipelines or with microbially influenced corrosion. The 31 archaeal 16S rDNA sequences obtained in this study were all related to those of methanogens and phylogenetically fall into three clusters: order I, Methanobacteriales; order III, Methanomicrobiales; and order IV, Methanosarcinales: Further microbial ecology studies are needed to better understand the relationship among bacterial and archaeal groups and the involvement of these groups in the process of microbially influenced corrosion in order to develop improved ways of monitoring and controlling microbially influenced corrosion.	0
Abstract2class: 16S rRNA-based analysis of microbiota from the cecum of broiler chickens Abstract: The microbiota of the intestinal tract of chickens plays an important role in inhibiting the establishment of intestinal pathogens. Earlier culturing and microscopic examinations indicated that only a fraction of the bacteria in the cecum of chickens could be grown in the laboratory. Therefore, a survey of cecal bacteria was done by retrieval of 16S rRNA gene sequences from DNA isolated from the cecal content and the cecal mucosa. The ribosomal gene sequences were amplified with universal primers and cloned or subjected to temporal temperature gradient gel electrophoresis (TTGE). Partial 16S rRNA gene sequences were determined from the clones and from the major bands in TTGE gels. A total of 1,656 partial 16S rRNA gene sequences were obtained and compared to sequences in the GenBank. The comparison indicated that 243 different sequences were present in the samples. Overall, sequences representing 50 phylogenetic groups or subgroups of bacteria were found, but approximately 89% of the sequences represented just four phylogenetic groups (Clostridium leptum, Sporomusa sp., Clostridium coccoides, and enterics). Sequences of members of the Bacteroides group, the Bifidobacterium infantis subgroup, and of Pseudomonas sp. each accounted for less than 2% of the total. Sequences related to those from the Escherichia sp. subgroup and from Lactobacillus, Pseudomonas, and Bifidobacterium spp. were generally between 98 and 100% identical to sequences already deposited in the GenBank. Sequences most closely related to those of the other bacteria were generally 97% or less identical to those in the databases and therefore might be from currently unknown species. TTGE and random cloning indicated that certain phylogenetic subgroups were common to all birds analyzed, but sequence data from random cloning also provided evidence for qualitative and quantitative differences among the cecal microbiota of individual birds reared under very similar conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering of Bacillus subtilis for enhanced total synthesis of folic acid Abstract: We investigated whether the yield of the B vitamin folic acid could be elevated in Bacillus subtilis. Strategies for increasing the folic acid yield were investigated by employing computer-aided flux analysis and mutation. Controlling the activity of the enzyme pyruvate kinase by placing it under inducible control was one strategy devised to elevate yield while insuring that a rapid growth rate results. Other single mutation strategies included amplifying the expression of the genes in the folate operon and overexpressing the Escherichia coli aroH gene, which encodes 2-dehydro-3-deoxyphosphoheptonate aldolase. The latter could conceivably elevate the abundance of the folic acid precursor, para-aminobenzoic acid. Strains that combined two or more mutations were also constructed. Overall, a strain possessing inducible pyruvate kinase, overexpressed aroH, and increased transcription and translation of genes from the folic operon exhibited the best yield. The yield was eightfold higher than that displayed by the parent B. subtilis 168 strain.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of a novel (+)-γ-lactamase from Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6 by rational genome mining Abstract: A novel (+)-γ-lactamase used for the resolution of racemic γ-lactam from Bradyrhizobium japonicum USDA 6 was found as a result of sequence-structure guided genome mining. It consists of 409 amino acids, only 49% of which are identical to the amino acid sequences of the known (+)-γ-lactamase from Sulfolobus solfataricus. This is only the third (+)-γ-lactamase gene to be reported.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient synthesis of eriodictyol from L-tyrosine in Escherichia coli Abstract: The health benefits of flavonoids for humans are increasingly attracting attention. Because the extraction of high-purity flavonoids from plants presents a major obstacle, interest has emerged in biosynthesizing them using microbial hosts. Eriodictyol is a flavonoid with anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities. Its efficient synthesis has been hampered by two factors: the poor expression of cytochrome P450 and the low intracellular malonyl coenzyme A (malonyl-CoA) concentration in Escherichia coli. To address these issues, a truncated plant P450 flavonoid, flavonoid 3'-hydroxylase (tF3'H), was functionally expressed as a fusion protein with a truncated P450 reductase (tCPR) in E. coli. This allowed the engineered E. coli to produce eriodictyol from l-tyrosine by simultaneously coexpressing the fusion protein with tyrosine ammonia lyase (TAL), 4-coumarate-CoA ligase (4CL), chalcone synthase (CHS), and chalcone isomerase (CHI). In addition, metabolic engineering was employed to enhance the availability of malonyl-CoA so as to achieve a new metabolic balance and rebalance the relative expression of genes to enhance eriodictyol accumulation. This approach made the production of eriodictyol 203% higher than that in the control strain. By using these strategies, the production of eriodictyol from l-tyrosine reached 107 mg/liter. The present work offers an approach to the efficient synthesis of other hydroxylated flavonoids from l-tyrosine or even glucose in E. coli.	0
Abstract2class: Novel sensitive high-throughput screening strategy for nitrilase-producing strains Abstract: Nitrilases have found wide use in the pharmaceutical industry for the production of fine chemicals, and it is important to have a method by which to screen libraries of isolated or engineered nitrilase variants (including bacteria and fungi). The conventional methods, such as high-performance liquid chromatography, liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, capillary electrophoresis, or gas chromatography, are tedious and time-consuming. Therefore, a direct and sensitive readout of the nitrilase's activity has to be considered. In this paper, we report a novel time-resolved luminescent probe: o-hydroxybenzonitrile derivatives could be applied to detect the activity of the nitrilases. By the action of nitrilases, o-hydroxybenzonitrile derivatives can be transformed to the corresponding salicylic acid derivatives, which, upon binding Tb(3+), serve as a photon antenna and sensitize Tb(3+) luminescence. Because of the time-resolved property of the luminescence, the background from the other proteins (especially in the fermentation system) in the assay could be reduced and, therefore, the sensitivity was increased. Moreover, because the detection was performed on a 96- or 384-well plate, the activity of the nitrilases from microorganisms could be determined quickly. Based on this strategy, the best fermentation conditions for nitrilase-producing strains were obtained.	0
Abstract2class: Role of the Streptococcus mutans irvA gene in GbpC-independent, dextran-dependent aggregation and biofilm formation Abstract: Dextran-dependent aggregation (DDAG) of Streptococcus mutans is an in vitro phenomenon that is believed to represent a property of the organism that is beneficial for sucrose-dependent biofilm development. GbpC, a cell surface glucan-binding protein, is responsible for DDAG in S. mutans when cultured under defined stressful conditions. Recent reports have described a putative transcriptional regulator gene, irvA, located just upstream of gbpC, that is normally repressed by the product of an adjacent gene, irvR. When repression of irvA is relieved, there is a resulting increase in the expression of GbpC and decreases in competence and synthesis of the antibiotic mutacin I. This study examined the role of irvA in DDAG and biofilm formation by engineering strains that overexpressed irvA (IrvA+) on an extrachromosomal plasmid. The IrvA+ strain displayed large aggregation particles that did not require stressful growth conditions. A novel finding was that overexpression of irvA in a gbpC mutant background retained a measure of DDAG, albeit very small aggregation particles. Biofilms formed by the IrvA+ strain in the parental background possessed larger-than-normal microcolonies. In a gbpC mutant background, the overexpression of irvA reversed the fragile biofilm phenotype normally associated with loss of GbpC. Real-time PCR and Northern blot analyses found that expression of gbpC did not change significantly in the IrvA+ strain but expression of spaP, encoding the major surface adhesin P1, increased significantly. Inactivation of spaP eliminated the small-particle DDAG. The results suggest that IrvA promotes DDAG not only by GbpC, but also via an increase in P1.	0
Abstract2class: Stabilization of Multimeric Proteins via Intersubunit Cyclization Abstract: Proteins with high catalytic efficiency and selectivity under mild conditions have long been appreciated by industrial and medicinal fields. These proteins, which are commonly multimeric, often possess low stability, impeding wider application. Currently, strategies to improve the stability of multimeric proteins concentrate on enhancing the interaction at internal interface of the subunits. In this report, we confirmed that the largely underestimated subunit terminal ends are as significant as the internal interface for protein stability. By connecting both the terminal ends and internal interface of subunits, the tetrameric Leifsonia alcohol dehydrogenase (LnADH) protein can been cyclized into a rigid form with significantly improved thermostability and resilience. The improvement in the temperature at which enzyme activity is reduced to 50% after a 15-min heat treatment (T5015) and melting temperature (Tm ) of the modified protein was 18°C and 23.3°C, respectively, which is superior to the results achieved by normal protein engineering. Our study provided a novel strategy to effectively improve the stability of multimeric proteins, which is suitable not only for the short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase (SDR) family but also other classes of proteins with close terminal ends.IMPORTANCE Industrially interesting proteins are generally multimeric proteins; however, their applications are often restricted due to low stability caused by the natural tendency of subunit disassociation. Current approaches targeting this problem mainly focus on enhancing the internal interfaces of the subunits to avoid their disassociation. In this study, we identified and confirmed the external interface to be significant for improving the stability of multimeric proteins. By connecting the terminal ends and internal interface with disulfide bonds, we found that the multimeric protein LnADH cyclized into a robust monomeric-like form, resulting in superior thermostability compared to traditional protein engineering. This intersubunit cyclization approach is efficient and easy to perform, providing a novel method for engineering many important classes of multimeric proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Ecological dynamics of toxic Microcystis spp. and microcystin-degrading bacteria in Dianchi Lake, China Abstract: Toxic cyanobacterial blooms directly threaten both human safety and the ecosystem of surface waters. The widespread occurrence of these organisms, coupled with the tumor-promoting properties of the microcystin toxins that they produce, demands action to mitigate their potential impacts and, thus, a robust understanding of their ecological dynamics. In the present work, the abundance of toxic Microcystis spp. and microcystin (MC)-degrading bacteria in Dianchi Lake, located in Yunnan Province, China, was studied using quantitative PCR. Samples were taken at monthly intervals from June 2010 to December 2011 at three sampling stations within this freshwater lake. Results revealed that variation in the abundance of both total Microcystis spp. and toxic Microcystis spp. exhibited similar trends during the period of the algal bloom, including the reinvasion, pelagic growth, sedimentation, and overwintering periods, and that the proportion of toxic Microcystis was highest during the bloom and lowest in winter. Importantly, we observed that peaks in mlrA gene copy numbers of MC-degrading bacteria occurred in the months following observed peaks in MC concentrations. To understand this phenomenon, we added MCs to the MC-degrading bacteria (designated strains HW and SW in this study) and found that MCs significantly enhanced mlrA gene copy numbers over the number for the control by a factor of 5.2 for the microcystin-RR treatment and a factor of 3.7 for the microcystin-LR treatment. These results indicate that toxic Microcystis and MC-degrading bacteria exert both direct and indirect effects on each other and that MC-degrading bacteria also mediate a shift from toxic to nontoxic populations of Microcystis.	0
Abstract2class: NADP+-Preferring D-Lactate Dehydrogenase from Sporolactobacillus inulinus Abstract: Hydroxy acid dehydrogenases, including l- and d-lactate dehydrogenases (L-LDH and D-LDH), are responsible for the stereospecific conversion of 2-keto acids to 2-hydroxyacids and extensively used in a wide range of biotechnological applications. A common feature of LDHs is their high specificity for NAD(+) as a cofactor. An LDH that could effectively use NADPH as a coenzyme could be an alternative enzymatic system for regeneration of the oxidized, phosphorylated cofactor. In this study, a d-lactate dehydrogenase from a Sporolactobacillus inulinus strain was found to use both NADH and NADPH with high efficiencies and with a preference for NADPH as its coenzyme, which is different from the coenzyme utilization of all previously reported LDHs. The biochemical properties of the D-LDH enzyme were determined by X-ray crystal structural characterization and in vivo and in vitro enzymatic activity analyses. The residue Asn(174) was demonstrated to be critical for NADPH utilization. Characterization of the biochemical properties of this enzyme will contribute to understanding of the catalytic mechanism and provide referential information for shifting the coenzyme utilization specificity of 2-hydroxyacid dehydrogenases.	0
Abstract2class: Quantum dots as a novel immunofluorescent detection system for Cryptosporidium parvum and Giardia lamblia Abstract: Semiconductor quantum dot-conjugated antibodies were successfully developed to label Cryptosporidium parvum and Giardia lamblia. This novel fluorescence system exhibited superior photostability, gave 1.5- to 9-fold-higher signal-to-noise ratios than traditional organic dyes in detecting C. parvum, and allowed dual-color detection for C. parvum and G. lamblia.	0
Abstract2class: Exogenous isoleucine and fatty acid shortening ensure the high content of anteiso-C15:0 fatty acid required for low-temperature growth of Listeria monocytogenes Abstract: Previous studies have demonstrated that the branched-chain fatty acid anteiso-C15:0 plays a critical role in the growth of Listeria monocytogenes at low temperatures by ensuring sufficient membrane fluidity. Studies utilizing a chemically defined minimal medium revealed that the anteiso fatty acid precursor isoleucine largely determined the fatty acid profile and fatty acid response of the organism to lowered growth temperature. When isoleucine was sufficient, the fatty acid profile was very uniform, with anteiso fatty acids comprising up to 95% of total fatty acid, and the major fatty acid adjustment to low temperature was fatty acid chain shortening, which resulted in an increase of anteiso-C15:0 solely at the expense of anteiso-C17:0. When isoleucine was not supplied, the fatty acid profile became more complex and was readily modified by leucine, which resulted in a significant increase of corresponding iso fatty acids and an inability to grow at 10 degrees C. Under this condition, the increase of anteiso-C15:0 at low temperature resulted from the combined effect of increasing the anteiso:iso ratio and chain shortening. A branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase-defective strain largely lost the ability to increase the anteiso:iso ratio. Cerulenin, an inhibitor of beta-ketoacyl-acyl carrier protein synthase (FabF), induced a similar fatty acid chain shortening as low temperature did. We propose that the anteiso precursor preferences of enzymes in the branched-chain fatty acid biosynthesis pathway ensure a high production of anteiso fatty acids, and cold-regulated chain shortening results in a further increase of anteiso-C15:0 at the expense of anteiso-C17:0.	0
Abstract2class: Agrobacterium bioassay strain for ultrasensitive detection of N-acylhomoserine lactone-type quorum-sensing molecules: detection of autoinducers in Mesorhizobium huakuii Abstract: An ultrasensitive bioassay system for the detection of N-acylhomoserine lactones (AHLs) was constructed in Agrobacterium tumefaciens by using the T7 expression system to overproduce the AHL receptor TraR. This strain detected many diverse AHLs, some at extremely low concentrations. We used this strain to detect for the first time AHLs made by Mesorhizobium huakuii, which symbiotically fixes nitrogen in association with the legume Astragalus sinicus, a source of green manure throughout eastern Asia.	0
Abstract2class: Purification and Characterization of an Extracellular Acid Proteinase from the Ectomycorrhizal Fungus Hebeloma crustuliniforme Abstract: Hebeloma crustuliniforme produced an extracellular acid proteinase in a liquid medium containing bovine serum albumin as the sole nitrogen source. The proteinase was purified 26-fold with 20% activity recovery and was shown to have a molecular weight of 37,800 (as indicated by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis) and an isoelectric point of 4.8 +/- 0.2. The enzyme was most active at 50 degrees C and pH 2.5 against bovine serum albumin and was stable in the absence of substrates at temperatures up to 45 degrees C and pHs between 2.0 and 5.0. Pepstatin A, diazoacetyl-dl-norleucine methylester, metallic ions Fe and Fe, and phenolic acids severely inhibited the enzyme activity, while antipain, leupeptin, N-alpha-p-tosyl-l-lysine chloromethyl ketone, and trypsin inhibitor inhibited the activity moderately. The proteinase hydrolyzed bovine serum albumin and cytochrome c rapidly compared with casein and azocasein but failed to hydrolyze any of the low-molecular-weight peptide derivatives tested.	0
Abstract2class: Coproduction of acetaldehyde and hydrogen during glucose fermentation by Escherichia coli Abstract: Escherichia coli K-12 strain MG1655 was engineered to coproduce acetaldehyde and hydrogen during glucose fermentation by the use of exogenous acetyl-coenzyme A (acetyl-CoA) reductase (for the conversion of acetyl-CoA to acetaldehyde) and the native formate hydrogen lyase. A putative acetaldehyde dehydrogenase/acetyl-CoA reductase from Salmonella enterica (SeEutE) was cloned, produced at high levels, and purified by nickel affinity chromatography. In vitro assays showed that this enzyme had both acetaldehyde dehydrogenase activity (68.07 ± 1.63 μmol min(-1) mg(-1)) and the desired acetyl-CoA reductase activity (49.23 ± 2.88 μmol min(-1) mg(-1)). The eutE gene was engineered into an E. coli mutant lacking native glucose fermentation pathways (ΔadhE, ΔackA-pta, ΔldhA, and ΔfrdC). The engineered strain (ZH88) produced 4.91 ± 0.29 mM acetaldehyde while consuming 11.05 mM glucose but also produced 6.44 ± 0.26 mM ethanol. Studies showed that ethanol was produced by an unknown alcohol dehydrogenase(s) that converted the acetaldehyde produced by SeEutE to ethanol. Allyl alcohol was used to select for mutants with reduced alcohol dehydrogenase activity. Three allyl alcohol-resistant mutants were isolated; all produced more acetaldehyde and less ethanol than ZH88. It was also found that modifying the growth medium by adding 1 g of yeast extract/liter and lowering the pH to 6.0 further increased the coproduction of acetaldehyde and hydrogen. Under optimal conditions, strain ZH136 converted glucose to acetaldehyde and hydrogen in a 1:1 ratio with a specific acetaldehyde production rate of 0.68 ± 0.20 g h(-1) g(-1) dry cell weight and at 86% of the maximum theoretical yield. This specific production rate is the highest reported thus far and is promising for industrial application. The possibility of a more efficient "no-distill" ethanol fermentation procedure based on the coproduction of acetaldehyde and hydrogen is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: The K1 Toxin of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Kills Spheroplasts of Many Yeast Species Abstract: The Saccharomyces cerevisiae K1 toxin killed spheroplasts from the genera Candida, Kluyveromyces, and Schwanniomyces. Cells of these organisms were toxin insensitive. The toxin bound poorly to Kluyveromyces lactis cells. In contrast, Candida albicans bound the toxin to an extent similar to that seen with S. cerevisiae. Thus, wall receptors can define toxin specificity and are necessary but not sufficient for toxin action on intact cells.	0
Abstract2class: Unexpected Diversity and High Abundance of Putative Nitric Oxide Dismutase (Nod) Genes in Contaminated Aquifers and Wastewater Treatment Systems Abstract: It has recently been suggested that oxygenic dismutation of NO into N2 and O2 may occur in the anaerobic methanotrophic "Candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera" and the alkane-oxidizing gammaproteobacterium HdN1. It may represent a new pathway in microbial nitrogen cycling catalyzed by a putative NO dismutase (Nod). The formed O2 enables microbes to employ aerobic catabolic pathways in anoxic habitats, suggesting an ecophysiological niche space of substantial appeal for bioremediation and water treatment. However, it is still unknown whether this physiology is limited to "Ca Methylomirabilis oxyfera" and HdN1 and whether it can be coupled to the oxidation of electron donors other than alkanes. Here, we report insights into an unexpected diversity and remarkable abundance of nod genes in natural and engineered water systems. Phylogenetically diverse nod genes were recovered from a range of contaminated aquifers and N-removing wastewater treatment systems. Together with nod genes from "Ca Methylomirabilis oxyfera" and HdN1, the novel environmental nod sequences formed no fewer than 6 well-supported phylogenetic clusters, clearly distinct from canonical NO reductase (quinol-dependent NO reductase [qNor] and cytochrome c-dependent NO reductase [cNor]) genes. The abundance of nod genes in the investigated samples ranged from 1.6 × 107 to 5.2 × 1010 copies · g-1 (wet weight) of sediment or sludge biomass, accounting for up to 10% of total bacterial 16S rRNA gene counts. In essence, NO dismutation could be a much more widespread physiology than currently perceived. Understanding the controls of this emergent microbial capacity could offer new routes for nitrogen elimination or pollutant remediation in natural and engineered water systems.                  Importance:                       NO dismutation into N2 and O2 is a novel process catalyzed by putative NO dismutase (Nod). To date, only two bacteria, the anaerobic methane-oxidizing bacterium "Ca Methylomirabilis oxyfera" and the alkane-oxidizing gammaproteobacterium HdN1, are known to harbor nod genes. In this study, we report efficient molecular tools that can detect and quantify a wide diversity of nod genes in environmental samples. A surprisingly high diversity and abundance of nod genes were found in contaminated aquifers as well as wastewater treatment systems. This evidence indicates that NO dismutation may be a much more widespread physiology in natural and man-made environments than currently perceived. The molecular tools presented here will facilitate further studies on these enigmatic microbes in the future.	0
Abstract2class: Anaerobic oxidization of methane in a minerotrophic peatland: enrichment of nitrite-dependent methane-oxidizing bacteria Abstract: The importance of anaerobic oxidation of methane (AOM) as a methane sink in freshwater systems is largely unexplored, particularly in peat ecosystems. Nitrite-dependent anaerobic methane oxidation (n-damo) was recently discovered and reported to be catalyzed by the bacterium "Candidatus Methylomirabilis oxyfera," which is affiliated with the NC10 phylum. So far, several "Ca. Methylomirabilis oxyfera" enrichment cultures have been obtained using a limited number of freshwater sediments or wastewater treatment sludge as the inoculum. In this study, using stable isotope measurements and porewater profiles, we investigated the potential of n-damo in a minerotrophic peatland in the south of the Netherlands that is infiltrated by nitrate-rich ground water. Methane and nitrate profiles suggested that all methane produced was oxidized before reaching the oxic layer, and NC10 bacteria could be active in the transition zone where countergradients of methane and nitrate occur. Quantitative PCR showed high NC10 bacterial cell numbers at this methane-nitrate transition zone. This soil section was used to enrich the prevalent NC10 bacteria in a continuous culture supplied with methane and nitrite at an in situ pH of 6.2. An enrichment of nitrite-reducing methanotrophic NC10 bacteria was successfully obtained. Phylogenetic analysis of retrieved 16S rRNA and pmoA genes showed that the enriched bacteria were very similar to the ones found in situ and constituted a new branch of NC10 bacteria with an identity of less than 96 and 90% to the 16S rRNA and pmoA genes of "Ca. Methylomirabilis oxyfera," respectively. The results of this study expand our knowledge of the diversity and distribution of NC10 bacteria in the environment and highlight their potential contribution to nitrogen and methane cycles.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a Propionibacterium-Escherichia coli shuttle vector for metabolic engineering of Propionibacterium jensenii, an efficient producer of propionic acid Abstract: Propionic acid (PA) is an important chemical building block and is widely applied for organic synthesis, food, feedstuff, and pharmaceuticals. To date, the strains that can efficiently produce PA have included Propionibacterium thoenii, P. freudenreichii, and P. acidipropionici. In this report, we show that P. jensenii ATCC 4868 is also able to produce PA in much higher yields than the previously reported strains. To further improve the production capacity, a P. jensenii-Escherichia coli shuttle vector was developed for the metabolic engineering of P. jensenii. Specifically, a 6.9-kb endogenous plasmid, pZGX01, was isolated from P. acidipropionici ATCC 4875 and sequenced. Since the sequencing analysis indicated that pZGX01 could encode 11 proteins, the transcriptional levels of the corresponding genes were also investigated. Then, a P. jensenii-Escherichia coli shuttle vector was constructed using the pZGX01 plasmid, the E. coli pUC18 plasmid, and a chloramphenicol resistance gene. Interestingly, not only could the developed shuttle vector be transformed into P. jensenii ATCC 4868 and 4870, but it also could be transformed into freudenreichii ATCC 6207 subspecies of P. freudenreichii. Finally, the glycerol dehydrogenase gene (gldA) from Klebsiella pneumoniae was expressed in P. jensenii ATCC 4868 with the constructed shuttle vector. In a 3-liter batch culture, the PA production by the engineered P. jensenii ATCC 4868 strain reached 28.23 ± 1.0 g/liter, which was 26.07% higher than that produced by the wild-type strain (22.06 ± 1.2 g/liter). This result indicated that the constructed vector can be used a useful tool for metabolic engineering of P. jensenii.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of the 4-hydroxybenzoyl-coenzyme A thioesterase from Arthrobacter sp. strain SU Abstract: The Arthrobacter sp. strain SU 4-chlorobenzoate (4-CBA) dehalogenation pathway converts 4-CBA to 4-hydroxybenzoate (4-HBA). The pathway operon contains the genes fcbA, fcbB, and fcbC (A. Schmitz, K. H. Gartemann, J. Fiedler, E. Grund, and R. Eichenlaub, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 58:4068-4071, 1992). Genes fcbA and fcbB encode 4-CBA-coenzyme A (CoA) ligase and 4-CBA-CoA dehalogenase, respectively, whereas the function of fcbC is not known. We subcloned fcbC and expressed it in Escherichia coli, and we purified and characterized the FcbC protein. A substrate activity screen identified benzoyl-CoA thioesters as the most active substrates. Catalysis of 4-HBA-CoA hydrolysis to 4-HBA and CoA occurred with a k(cat) of 6.7 s(-1) and a K(m) of 1.2 micro M. The k(cat) pH rate profile for 4-HBA-CoA hydrolysis indicated optimal activity over a pH range of 6 to 10. The amino acid sequence of the FcbC protein was compared to other sequences contained in the protein sequence data banks. A large number of sequence homologues of unknown function were identified. On the other hand, the 4-HBA-CoA thioesterases isolated from 4-CBA-degrading Pseudomonas strains did not share significant sequence identity with the FcbC protein, indicating early divergence of the thioesterase-encoding genes.	0
Abstract2class: Selective utilization of exogenous amino acids by Dehalococcoides ethenogenes strain 195 and its effects on growth and dechlorination activity Abstract: Bacteria of the genus Dehalococcoides are important members of bioremediation communities because of their ability to detoxify chloroethenes to the benign end product ethene. Genome-enabled studies conducted with Dehalococcoides ethenogenes 195 have revealed that two ATP-binding cassette (ABC)-type amino acid transporters are expressed during its exponential growth stages. In light of previous findings that Casamino Acids enhanced its dechlorination activity, we hypothesized that strain 195 is capable of importing amino acids from its environment to facilitate dechlorination and growth. To test this hypothesis, we applied isotopomer-based dilution analysis with (13)C-labeled acetate to differentiate the amino acids that were taken up by strain 195 from those synthesized de novo and to determine the physiological changes caused by the significantly incorporated amino acids. Our results showed that glutamate/glutamine and aspartate/asparagine were almost exclusively synthesized by strain 195, even when provided in excess in the medium. In contrast, phenylalanine, isoleucine, leucine, and methionine were identified as the four most highly incorporated amino acids, at levels >30% of respective proteinogenic amino acids. When either phenylalanine or all four highly incorporated amino acids were added to the defined mineral medium, the growth rates, dechlorination activities, and yields of strain 195 were enhanced to levels similar to those observed with supplementation with 20 amino acids. However, genes for the putative ABC-type amino acids transporters and phenylalanine biosynthesis exhibited insignificant regulation in response to the imported amino acids. This study also demonstrates that using isotopomer-based metabolite analysis can be an efficient strategy for optimizing nutritional conditions for slow-growing microorganisms.	0
Abstract2class: Fate of Salmonella montevideo on and in raw tomatoes as affected by temperature and treatment with chlorine Abstract: A study was undertaken to determine the survival patterns of Salmonella montevideo G4639 on and in tomatoes during storage and the efficacy of chlorine treatment on inactivation of the pathogen. The population of S. montevideo on the surfaces of inoculated tomatoes stored at 10 degrees C did not change significantly (P < 0.05) throughout an 18-day storage period. Significant increases in population occurred within 7 days and within 1 day when tomatoes were stored at 20 and 30 degrees C, respectively. A significantly higher number of cells was taken up by the core tissue of tomatoes tempered at 25 degrees C when the tomatoes were dipped in a suspension at 10 degrees C compared with the number taken up when the tomatoes were dipped in cell suspensions tempered at 25 or 37 degrees C. Populations remained constant throughout subsequent storage for 8 days at 10 degrees C, regardless of the temperature differential between tomatoes and the dip suspension. Storage of tomatoes at 20 degrees C, however, resulted in significant increases in populations of S. montevideo. Populations of the pathogen on the surfaces and in the core tissues of tomatoes were significantly reduced by dipping for 2 min in a solution containing 60 or 110 ppm (60 or 110 micrograms/ml) chlorine, respectively; however, treatment in solution containing 320 ppm chlorine did not result in complete inactivation. Populations of S. montevideo remained unchanged in chopped tomatoes stored at 5 degrees C for 216 h (9 days) but increased significantly after storage for 96 or 22 h at 20 or 30 degrees C, respectively.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)	0
Abstract2class: Insecticidal Specificity of Cry1Ah to Helicoverpa armigera Is Determined by Binding of APN1 via Domain II Loops 2 and 3 Abstract: Bacillus thuringiensis Cry1Ah protein is highly toxic against Helicoverpa armigera but shows no toxicity against Bombyx mori larvae. In contrast, the closely related Cry1Ai toxin showed the opposite phenotype: high activity against B. mori but no toxicity against H. armigera. Analysis of binding of Cry1Ah to brush border membrane vesicle (BBMV) proteins from H. armigera and B. mori by surface plasmon resonance revealed association of toxin binding with insect specificity. Pulldown experiments identified aminopeptidase N1 (APN1) as a Cry1Ah binding protein that was not observed in the assays using B. mori BBMV proteins. The APN1 Cry1Ah binding region was narrowed to the region from A548 to S798 (fragment H3) by expressing four different APN1 fragments in Escherichia coli and analyzing Cry1Ah binding by ligand blot. Binding competition experiments of Cry1Ah to APN1 fragment H3 using synthetic peptides corresponding to four predicted domain II loop regions showed that loop 2 and loop 3 have additive effects on binding to APN1 fragment H3. Moreover, switching of loop 2 and loop 3 regions from Cry1Ah to Cry1Ai toxins showed that loop 2 and loop 3 are both involved in specificity and toxicity against H. armigera IMPORTANCE: Domain II loop regions have been shown to be involved in binding to larval gut proteins mediating insect specificity. The modification of loop regions is a direct and effective method to construct new Cry toxin variants to increase toxicity or modify specificity. Our results show that the exchange of loop regions from one toxin into another is a successful scheme for modification of B. thuringiensis Cry toxin specificity.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of Swine manure on macrolide, lincosamide, and streptogramin B antimicrobial resistance in soils Abstract: Current agricultural practices involve inclusion of antimicrobials in animal feed and result in manure containing antimicrobials and antimicrobial-resistant microorganisms. This work evaluated the effects of land application of swine manure on the levels of tetracycline, macrolide, and lincosamide antimicrobials and on macrolide, lincosamide, and streptogramin B (MLS(B)) resistance in field soil samples and laboratory soil batch tests. MLS(B) and tetracycline antimicrobials were quantified after solid-phase extraction using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. The prevalence of the ribosomal modification responsible for MLS(B) resistance in the same samples was quantified using fluorescence in situ hybridization. Macrolide antimicrobials were not detected in soil samples, while tetracyclines were detected, suggesting that the latter compounds persist in soil. No significant differences in ribosomal methylation or presumed MLS(B) resistance were observed when amended and unamended field soils were compared, although a transient (<20-day) increase was observed in most batch tests. Clostridium cluster XIVa accounted for the largest fraction of resistant bacteria identified in amended soils. Overall, this study did not detect a persistent increase in the prevalence of MLS(B) resistance due to land application of treated swine manure.	0
Abstract2class: Macrolide resistance in microorganisms at antimicrobial-free Swine farms Abstract: To investigate the relationship between agricultural antimicrobial use and resistance, a variety of methods for quantification of macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin B (MLS(B)) resistance were applied to organic swine farm manure samples. Fluorescence in situ hybridization was used to indirectly quantify the specific rRNA methylation resulting in MLS(B) resistance. Using this method, an unexpectedly high prevalence of ribosomal methylation and, hence, predicted MLS(B) resistance was observed in manure samples from two swine finisher farms that reported no antimicrobial use (37.6% +/- 6.3% and 40.5% +/- 5.4%, respectively). A culture-based method targeting relatively abundant clostridia showed a lower but still unexpectedly high prevalence of resistance at both farms (27.7% +/- 11.3% and 11.7% +/- 8.6%, respectively), while the prevalence of resistance in cultured fecal streptococci was low at both farms (4.0%). These differences in the prevalence of resistance across microorganisms suggest the need for caution when extrapolating from data obtained with indicator organisms. A third antimicrobial-free swine farm, a breeder-to-finisher operation, had low levels of MLS(B) resistance in manure samples with all methods used (<9%). Tetracycline antimicrobials were detected in manure samples from one of the finisher farms and may provide a partial explanation for the high level of MLS(B) resistance. Taken together, these findings highlight the need for a more fundamental understanding of the relationship between antimicrobial use and the prevalence of antimicrobial resistance.	0
Abstract2class: Automated image analysis for quantitative fluorescence in situ hybridization with environmental samples Abstract: When fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) analyses are performed with complex environmental samples, difficulties related to the presence of microbial cell aggregates and nonuniform background fluorescence are often encountered. The objective of this study was to develop a robust and automated quantitative FISH method for complex environmental samples, such as manure and soil. The method and duration of sample dispersion were optimized to reduce the interference of cell aggregates. An automated image analysis program that detects cells from 4',6'-diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI) micrographs and extracts the maximum and mean fluorescence intensities for each cell from corresponding FISH images was developed with the software Visilog. Intensity thresholds were not consistent even for duplicate analyses, so alternative ways of classifying signals were investigated. In the resulting method, the intensity data were divided into clusters using fuzzy c-means clustering, and the resulting clusters were classified as target (positive) or nontarget (negative). A manual quality control confirmed this classification. With this method, 50.4, 72.1, and 64.9% of the cells in two swine manure samples and one soil sample, respectively, were positive as determined with a 16S rRNA-targeted bacterial probe (S-D-Bact-0338-a-A-18). Manual counting resulted in corresponding values of 52.3, 70.6, and 61.5%, respectively. In two swine manure samples and one soil sample 21.6, 12.3, and 2.5% of the cells were positive with an archaeal probe (S-D-Arch-0915-a-A-20), respectively. Manual counting resulted in corresponding values of 22.4, 14.0, and 2.9%, respectively. This automated method should facilitate quantitative analysis of FISH images for a variety of complex environmental samples.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of methanogenic inhibitors on methane production and abundances of methanogens and cellulolytic bacteria in in vitro ruminal cultures Abstract: The objective of this study was to systematically evaluate and compare the effects of select antimethanogen compounds on methane production, feed digestion and fermentation, and populations of ruminal bacteria and methanogens using in vitro cultures. Seven compounds, including 2-bromoethanesulphonate (BES), propynoic acid (PA), nitroethane (NE), ethyl trans-2-butenoate (ETB), 2-nitroethanol (2NEOH), sodium nitrate (SN), and ethyl-2-butynote (EB), were tested at a final concentration of 12 mM. Ground alfalfa hay was included as the only substrate to simulate daily forage intake. Compared to no-inhibitor controls, PA, 2NEOH, and SN greatly reduced the production of methane (70 to 99%), volatile fatty acids (VFAs; 46 to 66%), acetate (30 to 60%), and propionate (79 to 82%), with 2NEOH reducing the most. EB reduced methane production by 23% without a significant effect on total VFAs, acetate, or propionate. BES significantly reduced the propionate concentration but not the production of methane, total VFAs, or acetate. ETB or NE had no significant effect on any of the above-mentioned measurements. Specific quantitative-PCR (qPCR) assays showed that none of the inhibitors significantly affected total bacterial populations but that they did reduce the Fibrobacter succinogenes population. SN reduced the Ruminococcus albus population, while PA and 2NEOH increased the populations of both R. albus and Ruminococcus flavefaciens. Archaeon-specific PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (DGGE) showed that all the inhibitors affected the methanogen population structure, while archaeon-specific qPCR revealed a significant decrease in methanogen population in all treatments. These results showed that EB, ETB, NE, and BES can effectively reduce the total population of methanogens but that they reduce methane production to a lesser extent. The results may guide future in vivo studies to develop effective mitigation of methane emission from ruminants.	0
Abstract2class: Transfer of neurotoxigenicity from Clostridium butyricum to a nontoxigenic Clostridium botulinum type E-like strain Abstract: Two Clostridium butyricum strains from infant botulism cases produce a toxic molecule very similar to C. botulinum type E neurotoxin. Chromosomal, plasmid, and bacteriophage DNAs of toxigenic and nontoxigenic strains of C. butyricum and C. botulinum type E were probed with (i) a synthesized 30-mer oligonucleotide encoding part of the L chain of type E botulinum toxin and (ii) the DNA of phages lysogenizing these cultures. The toxin gene probe hybridized to the chromosomal DNA of toxigenic strains but not to their plasmid DNA. All toxigenic and most nontoxigenic strains tested were lysogenized by a prophage on the chromosome. Prophages of toxigenic strains, irrespective of species, had related or identical DNAs which differed from the DNAs of prophages in nontoxigenic strains. The prophage of toxigenic strains was adjacent or close to the toxin gene on the chromosome. Phage DNAs purified from toxigenic strains did not hybridize with the toxin gene probe but could act as the template of the polymerase chain reaction to amplify the toxin gene. The toxin gene was not transferred between C. botulinum and C. butyricum (either direction) when different pairs of a possible gene donor and a recipient strain were grown as mixed cultures. Nontoxigenic C. butyricum or C. botulinum type E-like strains did not become toxigenic when grown in broth containing the phage induced from a toxigenic strain of the other species.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)	0
Abstract2class: Differential Utilization of Basic Proline-Rich Glycoproteins during Growth of Oral Bacteria in Saliva Abstract: Although saliva is widely recognized as a primary source of carbon and nitrogen for growth of the dental plaque biofilm community, little is known about how different oral bacteria utilize specific salivary components. To address this question, 32 strains representing 16 genera commonly isolated from early plaque biofilms were compared for growth over two transfers in stimulated (by chewing Parafilm) whole saliva that was stabilized by heat treatment and dialysis. The cell densities, measured by quantitative PCR (qPCR), ranged from ∼1 × 10(6) to 1 × 10(7)/ml for strains of Streptococcus gordonii, Streptococcus oralis, and Streptococcus mitis and one strain of Streptococcus sanguinis Strains of Streptococcus mutans, Gemella haemolysans, and Granulicatella adiacens reached ∼1 × 10(5) to 1 × 10(6)/ml. In contrast, little or no growth was noted for three other strains of S. sanguinis, as well as for strains of Streptococcus parasanguinis, Streptococcus salivarius, Streptococcus vestibularis, Streptococcus sobrinus, Actinomyces spp., Abiotrophia defectiva, and Rothia dentocariosa SDS-PAGE, lectin blotting, and two-dimensional gel electrophoresis of saliva from cultures of S. gordonii, S. oralis, and S. mitis revealed species-specific differences in the degradation of basic proline-rich glycoproteins (PRG). In contrast, saliva from cultures of other bacteria was indistinguishable from control saliva. Species-dependent differences in the utilization of individual host sugars were minor. Thus, differences in salivary glycan foraging between oral species may be important to cross-feeding and cooperation between organisms in dental plaque biofilm development.                  Importance:                       Bacteria in the mouth use saliva for nutrition. How each of the many types of bacteria uses saliva is not clear. We show that a major protein in saliva, called PRG, is an important nutrition source for certain bacteria but not for others. PRG has many sugar molecules linked in chains, but the sugar is not available for bacteria until the chains are degraded. The bacteria that can grow by digesting this protein break the sugar chains into parts which not only support their own growth but could also be available to support the growth of those bacteria that cannot use the intact protein.	0
Abstract2class: Selective removal of aberrant extender units by a type II thioesterase for efficient FR-008/candicidin biosynthesis in Streptomyces sp. strain FR-008 Abstract: Gene fscTE, encoding a putative type II thioesterase (TEII), was associated with the FR-008/candicidin gene cluster. Deletion of fscTE reduced approximately 90% of the FR-008/candicidin production, while the production level was well restored when fscTE was added back to the mutant in trans. FscTE was unable to compensate for the release of the maturely elongated polyketide as site-directed inactivation of the type I thioesterase (TEI) totally abolished FR-008/candicidin production. Direct biochemical analysis of FscTE in parallel with its homologue TylO from the tylosin biosynthetic pathway demonstrated their remarkable preferences for acyl-thioesters (i.e., propionyl-S-N-acetylcysteamine [SNAC] over methylmalonyl-SNAC and acetyl-SNAC over malonyl-SNAC) and thus concluded that TEII could maintain effective polyketide biosynthesis by selectively removing the nonelongatable residues bound to acyl carrier proteins. Overexpression of FscTE under the strong constitutive ermE*p promoter in the wild-type strain did not suppress FR-008/candicidin formation, which confirmed its substrate specificity in vivo. Furthermore, successful complementation of the fscTE mutant was obtained with fscTE and tylO, whereas no complementation was detected with nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) TEII tycF and srfAD, reflecting substrate specificities of TEIIs distinctive from those of either polyketide synthases or NRPSs.	0
Abstract2class: Determining the extremes of the cellular NAD(H) level by using an Escherichia coli NAD(+)-auxotrophic mutant Abstract: NAD (NAD(+)) and its reduced form (NADH) are omnipresent cofactors in biological systems. However, it is difficult to determine the extremes of the cellular NAD(H) level in live cells because the NAD(+) level is tightly controlled by a biosynthesis regulation mechanism. Here, we developed a strategy to determine the extreme NAD(H) levels in Escherichia coli cells that were genetically engineered to be NAD(+) auxotrophic. First, we expressed the ntt4 gene encoding the NAD(H) transporter in the E. coli mutant YJE001, which had a deletion of the nadC gene responsible for NAD(+) de novo biosynthesis, and we showed NTT4 conferred on the mutant strain better growth in the presence of exogenous NAD(+). We then constructed the NAD(+)-auxotrophic mutant YJE003 by disrupting the essential gene nadE, which is responsible for the last step of NAD(+) biosynthesis in cells harboring the ntt4 gene. The minimal NAD(+) level was determined in M9 medium in proliferating YJE003 cells that were preloaded with NAD(+), while the maximal NAD(H) level was determined by exposing the cells to high concentrations of exogenous NAD(H). Compared with supplementation of NADH, cells grew faster and had a higher intracellular NAD(H) level when NAD(+) was fed. The intracellular NAD(H) level increased with the increase of exogenous NAD(+) concentration, until it reached a plateau. Thus, a minimal NAD(H) level of 0.039 mM and a maximum of 8.49 mM were determined, which were 0.044× and 9.6× those of wild-type cells, respectively. Finally, the potential application of this strategy in biotechnology is briefly discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Concentration and detection of hepatitis A virus and rotavirus from shellfish by hybridization tests Abstract: A modified polyethylene glycol precipitation method for concentration of virus followed by a new method to recover nucleic acid was used to detect hepatitis A virus (HAV) and rotavirus (SA11) in shellfish (oysters and hard-shell clams) by hybridization tests. Infectious virus, seeded into relatively large quantities of shellfish, was recovered consistently, with greater than 90% efficiency as measured by either in situ hybridization (HAV) or plaque assay (rotavirus SA11). Viral nucleic acid for dot blot hybridization assays was extracted and purified from virus-containing polyethylene glycol concentrates. Separation of shellfish polysaccharides from nucleic acid was necessary before viral RNA could be detected by dot blot hybridization. Removal of shellfish polysaccharides was accomplished by using the cationic detergent cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB). Use of CTAB reduced background interference with hybridization signals, which resulted in increased hybridization test sensitivity. After polysaccharide removal, dot blot hybridization assays could detect approximately 10(6) physical particles (corresponding to approximately 10(3) infectious particles) of HAV and 10(4) PFU of SA11 rotavirus present in 20-g samples of oyster and clam meats. These studies show continuing promise for the development of uniform methods to directly detect human viral pathogens in different types of shellfish. However, practical applications of such methods to detect noncultivatable human viral pathogens of public health interest will require additional improvements in test sensitivity.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of an attenuated strain of Pseudomonas aeruginosa AC869, a 3,5-dichlorobenzoate degrader Abstract: Pseudomonas aeruginosa AC869, a 3,5-dichlorobenzoate degrader, is a mouse pathogen and has a reported 50% lethal dose (LD50) of 1.05 x 10(7) CFU when given intranasally to C3H/HeJ mice (S.E. George, M.J. Kohan, M.I. Gilmour, M.S. Taylor, H.G. Brooks, J.P. Creason, and L.D. Claxton, Appl. Environ, Microbiol. 59:3585-3591, 1993). AC869 was serotyped as O6 when grown in CD-1 mouse cecal and lung mucus but could not be assigned an O serotype when grown in Luria broth (LB). After growth in mouse cecal mucus, a less virulent mutant, AC869-11, was isolated from AC869 by using bacteriophage E79, which adsorbs to the O side chain of lipopolysaccharide (LPS). AC869-11 produced significantly less O antigen on its LPS than AC869 when grown in mouse lung and cecal mucus. The mutant also produced half the amount of exoenzyme S and 16-fold less extracellular protease than AC869 and was more sensitive than its parent to a number of antibiotics when grown either in LB or in mouse lung mucus. AC869-11 had ninefold higher LD50 than AC869 in CD-1 mice when administered intranasally. AC869-11 was found in the lungs, small intestine, cecum, and large intestine in numbers at least 100-fold below AC869, 3 h after intranasal exposure of mice to a sublethal dose of the two strains. Moreover, AC869-11 induced a decreased pulmonary inflammatory response relative to AC869. In contrast to AC869, AC869-11 did not translocate to the mesenteric lymph nodes, liver, and spleen following a sublethal dose. Despite attenuation, AC869-11 grew as well as AC869 with 3,5-dichlorobenzoate as the sole carbon and energy source. However, although AC869-11 survived in 3,5-dichlorobenzoate-contaminated soil as well as AC869 for 1 week, it failed to survive as well thereafter. These results suggest the possibility that mutations that lead to pulmonary attenuation of P. aeruginosa in mice also lead to weakness in the environment, despite such mutants maintaining the ability to degrade toxic substances under laboratory conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) lacks a genomic island present in the chromosome of Streptomyces lividans 66 Abstract: Streptomyces lividans ZX1 has become a preferred host for DNA cloning in Streptomyces species over its progenitor, the wild-type strain 66 (stock number 1326 from the John Innes Center collection), especially when stable DNA is crucial for in vitro electrophoresis, because DNA from strain 66 contains a novel modification that makes it sensitive to oxidative double-strand cleavage during electrophoresis. Detailed analysis of this modification-deficient mutant (ZX1) revealed that it has several additional phenotypic traits associated with a chromosomal deletion of ca. 90 kb, which was cloned and mapped by using a cosmid library. Comparative sequence analysis of two clones containing the left and right deletion ends originating from strain 66 and one clone with the deletion and fused sequence cloned from strain ZX1 revealed a perfect 15-bp direct repeat, which may have mediated deletion and fusion to yield strain ZX1 by site-specific recombination. Analysis of AseI linking clones in the deleted region in relation to the published AseI map of strain ZX1 yielded a complete AseI map for the S. lividans 66 genome, on which the relative positions of a cloned phage phiHAU3 resistance (phiHAU3r) gene and the dnd gene cluster were precisely localized. Comparison of S. lividans ZX1 and its progenitor 66, as well as the sequenced genome of its close relative, Streptomyces coelicolor M145, reveals that the ca. 90-kb deletion in strain ZX1 may have originated from an insertion from an unknown source.	0
Abstract2class: Response of ants to a deterrent factor(s) produced by the symbiotic bacteria of entomopathogenic nematodes Abstract: The production of an ant-deterrent factor(s) (ADF) by Xenorhabdus nematophila and Photorhabdus luminescens, the symbiotic bacteria of the nematodes Steinernema carpocapsae and Heterorhabditis bacteriophora, respectively, was examined. In addition to an in vivo assay in which bacteria were tested for their ability to produce ADF within insect cadavers (M.E. Baur, H. K. Kaya, and D. R. Strong, Biol. Control 12:231-236, 1998), an in vitro microtiter dish assay was developed to monitor ADF activity produced by bacteria grown in cultures. Using these methods, we show that ADF activity is present in the supernatants of bacterial cultures, is filterable, heat stable, and acid sensitive, and passes through a 10-kDa-pore-size membrane. Thus, ADF appears to be comprised of a small, extracellular, and possibly nonproteinaceous compound(s). The amount of ADF repellency detected depends on the ant species being tested, the sucrose concentration (in vitro assays), and the strain, form, and age of the ADF-producing bacteria. These findings demonstrate that the symbiotic bacteria of some species of entomopathogenic nematodes produce a compound(s) that deters scavengers such as ants and thus could protect nematodes from being eaten during reproduction within insect cadavers.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of potential type III secretion proteins via heterologous expression of Vibrio parahaemolyticus DNA Abstract: We employed a heterologous secretion assay to identify proteins potentially secreted by type III secretion systems (T3SSs) in Vibrio parahaemolyticus. N-terminal sequences from 32 proteins within T3SS genomic islands and seven proteins from elsewhere in the chromosome included proteins that were recognized for export by the Yersinia enterocolitica flagellar T3SS.	0
Abstract2class: Functional cloning and characterization of antibiotic resistance genes from the chicken gut microbiome Abstract: Culture-independent sampling in conjunction with a functional cloning approach identified diverse antibiotic resistance genes for different classes of antibiotics in gut microbiomes from both conventionally raised and free-range chickens. Many of the genes are phylogenetically distant from known resistance genes. Two unique genes that conferred ampicillin and spectinomycin resistance were also functional in Campylobacter, a distant relative of the Escherichia coli host used to generate the genomic libraries.	0
Abstract2class: Gene integration and expression and extracellular secretion of Erwinia chrysanthemi endoglucanase CelY (celY) and CelZ (celZ) in ethanologenic Klebsiella oxytoca P2 Abstract: The development of methods to reduce costs associated with the solubilization of cellulose is essential for the utilization of lignocellulose as a renewable feedstock for fuels and chemicals. One promising approach is the genetic engineering of ethanol-producing microorganisms that also produce cellulase enzymes during fermentation. By starting with an ethanologenic derivative (strain P2) of Klebsiella oxytoca M5A1 with the native ability to metabolize cellobiose, the need for supplemental beta-glucosidase was previously eliminated. In the current study, this approach has been extended by adding genes encoding endoglucanase activities. Genes celY and celZ from Erwinia chrysanthemi have been functionally integrated into the chromosome of P2 using surrogate promoters from Zymomonas mobilis for expression. Both were secreted into the extracellular milieu, producing more than 20,000 endoglucanase units (carboxymethyl cellulase activity) per liter of fermentation broth. During the fermentation of crystalline cellulose with low levels of commercial cellulases of fungal origin, these new strains produced up to 22% more ethanol than unmodified P2. Most of the beneficial contribution was attributed to CelY rather than to CelZ. These results suggest that fungal enzymes with substrate profiles resembling CelY (preference for long-chain polymers and lack of activity on soluble cello-oligosaccharides of two to five glucosyl residues) may be limiting in commercial cellulase preparations.	0
Abstract2class: Enhancement of expression and apparent secretion of Erwinia chrysanthemi endoglucanase (encoded by celZ) in Escherichia coli B Abstract: Escherichia coli B has been engineered as a biocatalyst for the conversion of lignocellulose into ethanol. Previous research has demonstrated that derivatives of E. coli B can produce high levels of Erwinia chrysanthemi endoglucanase (encoded by celZ) as a periplasmic product and that this enzyme can function with commercial fungal cellulase to increase ethanol production. In this study, we have demonstrated two methods that improve celZ expression in E. coli B. Initially, with a low-copy-number vector, two E. coli glycolytic gene promoters (gap and eno) were tested and found to be less effective than the original celZ promoter. By screening 18,000 random fragments of Zymomonas mobilis DNA, a surrogate promoter was identified which increased celZ expression up to sixfold. With this promoter, large polar inclusion bodies were clearly evident in the periplasmic space. Sequencing revealed that the most active surrogate promoter is derived from five Sau3A1 fragments, one of which was previously sequenced in Z. mobilis. Visual inspection indicated that this DNA fragment contains at least five putative promoter regions, two of which were confirmed by primer extension analysis. Addition of the out genes from E. chrysanthemi EC16 caused a further increase in the production of active enzyme and facilitated secretion or release of over half of the activity into the extracellular environment. With the most active construct, of a total of 13,000 IU of active enzyme per liter of culture, 7,800 IU was in the supernatant. The total active endoglucanase was estimated to represent 4 to 6% of cellular protein.	0
Abstract2class: A whole-genome shotgun optical map of Yersinia pestis strain KIM Abstract: Yersinia pestis is the causative agent of the bubonic, septicemic, and pneumonic plagues (also known as black death) and has been responsible for recurrent devastating pandemics throughout history. To further understand this virulent bacterium and to accelerate an ongoing sequencing project, two whole-genome restriction maps (XhoI and PvuII) of Y. pestis strain KIM were constructed using shotgun optical mapping. This approach constructs ordered restriction maps from randomly sheared individual DNA molecules directly extracted from cells. The two maps served different purposes; the XhoI map facilitated sequence assembly by providing a scaffold for high-resolution alignment, while the PvuII map verified genome sequence assembly. Our results show that such maps facilitated the closure of sequence gaps and, most importantly, provided a purely independent means for sequence validation. Given the recent advancements to the optical mapping system, increased resolution and throughput are enabling such maps to guide sequence assembly at a very early stage of a microbial sequencing project.	0
Abstract2class: Heme-biosynthetic porphobilinogen deaminase protects Aspergillus nidulans from nitrosative stress Abstract: Microorganisms have developed mechanisms to combat reactive nitrogen species (RNS); however, only a few of the fungal genes involved have been characterized. Here we screened RNS-resistant Aspergillus nidulans strains from fungal transformants obtained by introducing a genomic DNA library constructed in a multicopy vector. We found that the AN0121.3 gene (hemC) encodes a protein similar to the heme biosynthesis enzyme porphobilinogen deaminase (PBG-D) and facilitates RNS-tolerant fungal growth. The overproduction of PBG-D in A. nidulans promoted RNS tolerance, whereas PBG-D repression caused growth that was hypersensitive to RNS. PBG-D levels were comparable to those of cellular protoheme synthesis as well as flavohemoglobin (FHb; encoded by fhbA and fhbB) and nitrite reductase (NiR; encoded by niiA) activities. Both FHb and NiR are hemoproteins that consume nitric oxide and nitrite, respectively, and we found that they are required for maximal growth in the presence of RNS. The transcription of hemC was upregulated by RNS. These results demonstrated that PBG-D is a novel NO-tolerant protein that modulates the reduction of environmental NO and nitrite levels by FHb and NiR.	0
Abstract2class: Functional replacement of the Escherichia coli D-(-)-lactate dehydrogenase gene (ldhA) with the L-(+)-lactate dehydrogenase gene (ldhL) from Pediococcus acidilactici Abstract: The microbial production of L-(+)-lactic acid is rapidly expanding to allow increased production of polylactic acid (PLA), a renewable, biodegradable plastic. The physical properties of PLA can be tailored for specific applications by controlling the ratio of L-(+) and D-(-) isomers. For most uses of PLA, the L-(+) isomer is more abundant. As an approach to reduce costs associated with biocatalysis (complex nutrients, antibiotics, aeration, product purification, and waste disposal), a recombinant derivative of Escherichia coli W3110 was developed that contains five chromosomal deletions (focA-pflB frdBC adhE ackA ldhA). This strain was constructed from a D-(-)-lactic acid-producing strain, SZ63 (focA-pflB frdBC adhE ackA), by replacing part of the chromosomal ldhA coding region with Pediococcus acidilactici ldhL encoding an L-lactate dehydrogenase. Although the initial strain (SZ79) grew and fermented poorly, a mutant (SZ85) was readily isolated by selecting for improved growth. SZ85 exhibited a 30-fold increase in L-lactate dehydrogenase activity in comparison to SZ79, functionally replacing the native D-lactate dehydrogenase activity. Sequencing revealed mutations in the upstream, coding, and terminator regions of ldhL in SZ85, which are presumed to be responsible for increased L-lactate dehydrogenase activity. SZ85 produced L-lactic acid in M9 mineral salts medium containing glucose or xylose with a yield of 93 to 95%, a purity of 98% (based on total fermentation products), and an optical purity greater than 99%. Unlike other recombinant biocatalysts for L-lactic acid, SZ85 remained prototrophic and is devoid of plasmids and antibiotic resistance genes.	0
Abstract2class: Production of optically pure D-lactic acid in mineral salts medium by metabolically engineered Escherichia coli W3110 Abstract: The resistance of polylactide to biodegradation and the physical properties of this polymer can be controlled by adjusting the ratio of L-lactic acid to D-lactic acid. Although the largest demand is for the L enantiomer, substantial amounts of both enantiomers are required for bioplastics. We constructed derivatives of Escherichia coli W3110 (prototrophic) as new biocatalysts for the production of D-lactic acid. These strains (SZ40, SZ58, and SZ63) require only mineral salts as nutrients and lack all plasmids and antibiotic resistance genes used during construction. D-Lactic acid production by these new strains approached the theoretical maximum yield of two molecules per glucose molecule. The chemical purity of this D-lactic acid was approximately 98% with respect to soluble organic compounds. The optical purity exceeded 99%. Competing pathways were eliminated by chromosomal inactivation of genes encoding fumarate reductase (frdABCD), alcohol/aldehyde dehydrogenase (adhE), and pyruvate formate lyase (pflB). The cell yield and lactate productivity were increased by a further mutation in the acetate kinase gene (ackA). Similar improvements could be achieved by addition of 10 mM acetate or by an initial period of aeration. All three approaches reduced the time required to complete the fermentation of 5% glucose. The use of mineral salts medium, the lack of antibiotic resistance genes or plasmids, the high yield of D-lactate, and the high product purity should reduce costs associated with nutrients, purification, containment, biological oxygen demand, and waste treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Enzymatic function of the nor-1 protein in aflatoxin biosynthesis in Aspergillus parasiticus Abstract: The nor-1 gene is involved in aflatoxin biosynthesis in Aspergillus parasiticus and was predicted to encode a norsolorinic acid ketoreductase. Recombinant Nor-1 expressed in Escherichia coli converted the 1' keto group of norsolorinic acid to the 1' hydroxyl group of averantin in crude E. coli cell extracts in the presence of NADPH. The results confirm that Nor-1 functions as a ketoreductase in vitro.	0
Abstract2class: Inactivation of Escherichia coli Cells in Aqueous Solution by Atmospheric-Pressure N2, He, Air, and O2 Microplasmas Abstract: Atmospheric-pressure N2, He, air, and O2 microplasma arrays have been used to inactivate Escherichia coli cells suspended in aqueous solution. Measurements show that the efficiency of inactivation of E. coli cells is strongly dependent on the feed gases used, the plasma treatment time, and the discharge power. Compared to atmospheric-pressure N2 and He microplasma arrays, air and O2 microplasma arrays may be utilized to more efficiently kill E. coli cells in aqueous solution. The efficiencies of inactivation of E. coli cells in water can be well described by using the chemical reaction rate model, where reactive oxygen species play a crucial role in the inactivation process. Analysis indicates that plasma-generated reactive species can react with E. coli cells in water by direct or indirect interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Study of matrix additives for sensitive analysis of lipid A by matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization mass spectrometry Abstract: Matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry (MALDI-TOF MS) has been widely used for structural characterization of bacterial endotoxins (lipid A). However, the mass spectrometric behavior of the lipid A molecule is highly dependent on the matrix. Furthermore, this dependence is strongly linked to phosphorylation patterns. Using lipid A from Escherichia coli O116 as a model system, we have investigated the effects of different matrices and comatrix compounds on the analysis of lipid A. In this paper, we report a highly sensitive matrix system for lipid A analysis, which consists of 5-chloro-2-mercaptobenzothiazole matrix and EDTA ammonium salt comatrix. This matrix system enhances the sensitivity of the analysis of diphosphorylated lipid A species by more than 100-fold and in addition provides tolerance to high concentrations of sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS) and tolerance to sodium chloride and calcium chloride at 10 muM, 100 muM, and 10 muM concentrations. The method was further evaluated for analysis of lipid A species with different phosphorylation patterns and from different bacteria, including Helicobacter pylori, Salmonella enterica serovar Riogrande, and Francisella novicida.	0
Abstract2class: Veillonella Catalase Protects the Growth of Fusobacterium nucleatum in Microaerophilic and Streptococcus gordonii-Resident Environments Abstract: The oral biofilm is a multispecies community in which antagonism and mutualism coexist among friends and foes to keep an ecological balance of community members. The pioneer colonizers, such as Streptococcus gordonii, produce H2O2 to inhibit the growth of competitors, like the mutans streptococci, as well as strict anaerobic middle and later colonizers of the dental biofilm. Interestingly, Veillonella species, as early colonizers, physically interact (coaggregate) with S. gordonii A putative catalase gene (catA) is found in most sequenced Veillonella species; however, the function of this gene is unknown. In this study, we characterized the ecological function of catA from Veillonella parvula PK1910 by integrating it into the only transformable strain, Veillonella atypica OK5, which is catA negative. The strain (OK5-catA) became more resistant to H2O2 Further studies demonstrated that the catA gene expression is induced by the addition of H2O2 or coculture with S. gordonii Mixed-culture experiments further revealed that the transgenic OK5-catA strain not only enhanced the growth of Fusobacterium nucleatum, a strict anaerobic periodontopathogen, under microaerophilic conditions, but it also rescued F. nucleatum from killing by S. gordonii A potential role of catalase in veillonellae in biofilm ecology and pathogenesis is discussed here.IMPORTANCEVeillonella species, as early colonizers, can coaggregate with many bacteria, including the initial colonizer Streptococcus gordonii and periodontal pathogen Fusobacterium nucleatum, during various stages of oral biofilm formation. In addition to providing binding sites for many microbes, our previous study also showed that Veillonella produces nutrients for the survival and growth of periodontal pathogens. These findings indicate that Veillonella plays an important "bridging" role in the development of oral biofilms and the ecology of the human oral cavity. In this study, we demonstrated that the reducing activity of Veillonella can rescue the growth of Fusobacterium nucleatum not only under microaerophilic conditions, but also in an environment in which Streptococcus gordonii is present. Thus, this study will provide a new insight for future studies on the mechanisms of human oral biofilm formation and the control of periodontal diseases.	0
Abstract2class: The alkene monooxygenase from Xanthobacter strain Py2 is closely related to aromatic monooxygenases and catalyzes aromatic monohydroxylation of benzene, toluene, and phenol Abstract: The genes encoding the six polypeptide components of the alkene monooxygenase from Xanthobacter strain Py2 (Xamo) have been located on a 4.9-kb fragment of chromosomal DNA previously cloned in cosmid pNY2. Sequencing and analysis of the predicted amino acid sequences indicate that the components of Xamo are homologous to those of the aromatic monooxygenases, toluene 2-, 3-, and 4-monooxygenase and benzene monooxygenase, and that the gene order is identical. The genes and predicted polypeptides are aamA, encoding the 497-residue oxygenase alpha-subunit (XamoA); aamB, encoding the 88-residue oxygenase gamma-subunit (XamoB); aamC, encoding the 122-residue ferredoxin (XamoC); aamD, encoding the 101-residue coupling or effector protein (XamoD); aamE, encoding the 341-residue oxygenase beta-subunit (XamoE); and aamF, encoding the 327-residue reductase (XamoF). A sequence with >60% concurrence with the consensus sequence of sigma54 (RpoN)-dependent promoters was identified upstream of the aamA gene. Detailed comparison of XamoA with the oxygenase alpha-subunits from aromatic monooxygenases, phenol hydroxylases, methane monooxygenase, and the alkene monooxygenase from Rhodococcus rhodochrous B276 showed that, despite the overall similarity to the aromatic monooxygenases, XamoA has some distinctive characteristics of the oxygenases which oxidize aliphatic, and particularly alkene, substrates. On the basis of the similarity between Xamo and the aromatic monooxygenases, Xanthobacter strain Py2 was tested and shown to oxidize benzene, toluene, and phenol, while the alkene monooxygenase-negative mutants NZ1 and NZ2 did not. Benzene was oxidized to phenol, which accumulated transiently before being further oxidized. Toluene was oxidized to a mixture of o-, m-, and p-cresols (39.8, 18, and 41.7%, respectively) and a small amount (0.5%) of benzyl alcohol, none of which were further oxidized. In growth studies Xanthobacter strain Py2 was found to grow on phenol and catechol but not on benzene or toluene; growth on phenol required a functional alkene monooxygenase. However, there is no evidence of genes encoding steps in the metabolism of catechol in the vicinity of the aam gene cluster. This suggests that the inducer specificity of the alkene monooxygenase may have evolved to benefit from the naturally broad substrate specificity of this class of monooxygenase and the ability of the host strain to grow on catechol.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of variation in rumen methanogenic communities under different dietary and host feed efficiency conditions, as determined by PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis analysis Abstract: Understanding ruminal methanogens is essential for greenhouse gas mitigation, as well as for improving animal performance in the livestock industry. It has been speculated that ruminal methanogenic diversity affects host feed efficiency and results in differences in methane production. This study examined methanogenic profiles in the rumen using culture-independent PCR-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (PCR-DGGE) analysis for 56 beef cattle which differed in feed efficiency, as well as diet (the cattle were fed a low-energy diet or a high-energy diet). The methanogenic PCR-DGGE profiles detected were greatly affected by diet, and the major pattern changed from a community containing predominantly Methanobrevibacter ruminantium NT7 with the low-energy diet to a community containing predominantly Methanobrevibacter smithii, Methanobrevibacter sp. AbM4, and/or M. ruminantium NT7 with the high-energy diet. For each diet, the methanogenic PCR-DGGE pattern was strongly associated with the feed efficiency of the host. Diet-associated bands for Methanobrevibacter sp. AbM4 and M. smithii SM9 and a feed efficiency-related band for M. smithii PS were identified. The abundance of total methanogens was estimated by determining the numbers of copies of the 16S rRNA genes of methanogens. However, the size of the methanogen population did not correlate with differences in feed efficiency, diet, or metabolic measurements. Thus, the structure of the methanogenic community at the species or strain level may be more important for determining host feed efficiency under different dietary conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Assessment of the microbial ecology of ruminal methanogens in cattle with different feed efficiencies Abstract: Cattle with high feed efficiencies (designated "efficient") produce less methane gas than those with low feed efficiencies (designated "inefficient"); however, the role of the methane producers in such difference is unknown. This study investigated whether the structures and populations of methanogens in the rumen were associated with differences in cattle feed efficiencies by using culture-independent methods. Two 16S rRNA libraries were constructed using approximately 800-bp amplicons generated from pooled total DNA isolated from efficient (n = 29) and inefficient (n = 29) animals. Sequence analysis of up to 490 randomly selected clones from each library showed that the methanogenic composition was variable: less species variation (22 operational taxonomic units [OTUs]) was detected in the rumens of efficient animals, compared to 27 OTUs in inefficient animals. The methanogenic communities in inefficient animals were more diverse than those in efficient ones, as revealed by the diversity indices of 0.84 and 0.42, respectively. Differences at the strain and genotype levels were also observed and found to be associated with feed efficiency in the host. No difference was detected in the total population of methanogens, but the prevalences of Methanosphaera stadtmanae and Methanobrevibacter sp. strain AbM4 were 1.92 (P < 0.05) and 2.26 (P < 0.05) times higher in inefficient animals, while Methanobrevibacter sp. strain AbM4 was reported for the first time to occur in the bovine rumen. Our data indicate that the methanogenic ecology at the species, strain, and/or genotype level in the rumen may play important roles in contributing to the difference in methane gas production between cattle with different feed efficiencies.	0
Abstract2class: Genotypes of Cryptosporidium species infecting fur-bearing mammals differ from those of species infecting humans Abstract: Of 471 specimens examined from foxes, raccoons, muskrats, otters, and beavers living in wetlands adjacent to the Chesapeake Bay, 36 were positive for five types of Cryptosporidium, including the C. canis dog and fox genotypes, Cryptosporidium muskrat genotypes I and II, and Cryptosporidium skunk genotype. Thus, fur-bearing mammals in watersheds excreted host-adapted Cryptosporidium oocysts that are not known to be of significant public health importance.	0
Abstract2class: Host-adapted Cryptosporidium spp. in Canada geese (Branta canadensis) Abstract: The prevalence and distribution of Cryptosporidium spp. in the fecal droppings of the free-living waterfowl Canada geese were examined at 13 sites in Ohio and Illinois. On the basis of the analysis of the small-subunit rRNA gene by PCR, followed by restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis and DNA sequencing, 49 (23.4%) of 209 fecal specimens collected from 10 sites (76.9%) were positive for Cryptosporidium spp. The following five Cryptosporidium species and genotypes were identified: Cryptosporidium goose genotype I (in 36 specimens), Cryptosporidium goose genotype II (in 9 specimens), Cryptosporidium duck genotype (in 1 specimen), Cryptosporidium parvum (in 4 specimens), and C. hominis (in 2 specimens). Cryptosporidium goose genotype I was the most prevalent parasite and was found at all five Cryptosporidium-positive sites in Ohio and at four of five positive sites in Illinois, followed by Cryptosporidium goose genotype II, which was found at two of five positive sites in Ohio and at four of five positive sites in Illinois. Cryptosporidium goose genotype II was detected for the first time, and it is phylogenetically related to goose genotype I and the duck genotype. All three genotypes have not so far been reported in humans, and their pathogenicity in geese has not been determined. Only 10.2% of the Cryptosporidium-positive specimens had C. parvum and C. hominis. The results of this study indicate that Canada geese might only serve as accidental carriers of cryptosporidia infectious to humans and probably play a minor role in the animal-to-human transmission cycle of the pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: Diversity and plasticity of the intracellular plant pathogen and insect symbiont "Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus" as revealed by hypervariable prophage genes with intragenic tandem repeats Abstract: "Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus" is a psyllid-transmitted, phloem-limited alphaproteobacterium and the most prevalent species of "Ca. Liberibacter" associated with a devastating worldwide citrus disease known as huanglongbing (HLB). Two related and hypervariable genes (hyv(I) and hyv(II)) were identified in the prophage regions of the Psy62 "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" genome. Sequence analyses of the hyv(I) and hyv(II) genes in 35 "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" DNA isolates collected globally revealed that the hyv(I) gene contains up to 12 nearly identical tandem repeats (NITRs, 132 bp) and 4 partial repeats, while hyv(II) contains up to 2 NITRs and 4 partial repeats and shares homology with hyv(I). Frequent deletions or insertions of these repeats within the hyv(I) and hyv(II) genes were observed, none of which disrupted the open reading frames. Sequence conservation within the individual repeats but an extensive variation in repeat numbers, rearrangement, and the sequences flanking the repeat region indicate the diversity and plasticity of "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" bacterial populations in the world. These differences were found not only in samples of distinct geographical origins but also in samples from a single origin and even from a single "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus"-infected sample. This is the first evidence of different "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" populations coexisting in a single HLB-affected sample. The Florida "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" isolates contain both hyv(I) and hyv(II), while all other global "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" isolates contain either one or the other. Interclade assignments of the putative Hyv(I) and Hyv(II) proteins from Florida isolates with other global isolates in phylogenetic trees imply multiple "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" populations in the world and a multisource introduction of the "Ca. Liberibacter asiaticus" bacterium into Florida.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptomic and physiological insights into the robustness of long filamentous cells of Methanosaeta harundinacea, prevalent in upflow anaerobic sludge blanket granules Abstract: Methanosaeta spp. are widely distributed in natural environments, and their filamentous cells contribute significantly to sludge granulation and the good performance of anaerobic reactors. A previous study indicated that Methanosaeta harundinacea 6Ac displays a quorum sensing-regulated morphological transition from short to long filaments, and more acetate is channeled into methane production in long filaments, whereas more is channeled into biomass synthesis in short filaments. Here, we performed transcriptomic and physiological analysis to gain insights into active methanogenesis in long filaments of M. harundinacea 6Ac. Both RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) and quantitative reverse transcription-PCR indicated that transcription of the genes involved in aceticlastic methanogenesis and energy metabolism was upregulated 1.2- to 10.3-fold in long filaments, while transcription of the genes for the methyl oxidative shunt was upregulated in short filaments. [2-(13)C]acetate trace experiments demonstrated that a relatively higher portion of the acetate methyl group was oxidized to CO2 in short filaments than in long filaments. The long filaments exhibited higher catalase activity and oxygen tolerance than the short ones, which is consistent with increased transcription of the oxidant-scavenging genes. Moreover, transcription of genes for cell surface structures was upregulated in the long filaments, and transmission electron microscopy revealed a thicker cell envelope in the filaments. RNA-seq determined a >2-fold upregulation of a variety of antistress genes in short filaments, like those encoding chaperones and DNA repair systems, which implies that the short filaments can be stressed. This study reveals the genetic basis for the prevalence of the long filamentous morphology of M. harundinacea cells in upflow anaerobic sludge blanket granules.	0
Abstract2class: Lag phase of Salmonella enterica under osmotic stress conditions Abstract: Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium was grown at salt concentrations ranging from 0.5 to 7.5% in minimal medium with and without added osmoprotectant and in a rich medium. In minimal medium, the cells showed an initial decline period, and consequently the definition of the lag time of the resultant log count curve was revised. The model of Baranyi and Roberts (Int. J. Food Microbiol. 23:277-294, 1994) was modified to take into account the initial decline period, based on the assumption that the log count curve of the total population was the sum of a dying and a surviving-then-growing subpopulation. The lag time was defined as the lag of the surviving subpopulation. It was modeled by means of a parameter quantifying the biochemical work the surviving cells carry out during this phase, the "work to be done." The logarithms of the maximum specific growth rates as a function of the water activity in the three media differed only by additive constants, which gave a theoretical basis for bias factors characterizing the relationships between different media. Models for the lag and the "work to be done" as a function of the water activity showed similar properties, but in rich medium above 5% salt concentrations, the data showed a maximum for this work. An accurate description of the lag time is important to avoid food wastage, which is an issue of increasing significance in the food industry, while maintaining food safety standards.	0
Abstract2class: Sensitive detection of a novel class of toluene-degrading denitrifiers, Azoarcus tolulyticus, with small-subunit rRNA primers and probes Abstract: Azoarcus tolulyticus is a new class of widely distributed toluene-degrading denitrifiers of potential importance in remediating benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene, and xylene (BTEX)-contaminated environments. To detect these organisms in the environment, 16S rRNA gene-based phylogenetic probes were developed. Two sets of specific PCR amplification primers and two oligonucleotide hybridization probes were designed and tested against both closely and distantly related environmental isolates. All of these primers and probes were specific to the species A. tolulyticus. The sensitivity of the PCR amplification primer sets was evaluated with DNA isolated from A. tolulyticus Tol-4 pure culture and from sterile soils seeded with a known number of Tol-4 and Escherichia coli cells. These primer sets were able to detect 1 fg to 1 pg of template DNA from the pure culture and 1.11 x 10(2) to 1.1 x 10(8) Tol-4 cells per g of soil in the presence of 1.56 x 10(10) E. coli cells. These two PCR amplification primers were also successfully tested at two field sites. The primers identified the A. tolulyticus strains among the toluene-degrading bacteria isolated from a low-O2-high-NO(3)- aquifer at Moffett Field, Calif. Also, the presence of A. tolulyticus was detected in the groundwater samples from a BTEX-contaminated aquifer at an industrial site in Detroit, Mich., which showed anaerobic toluene degradation.	0
Abstract2class: DNA recovery from soils of diverse composition Abstract: A simple, rapid method for bacterial lysis and direct extraction of DNA from soils with minimal shearing was developed to address the risk of chimera formation from small template DNA during subsequent PCR. The method was based on lysis with a high-salt extraction buffer (1.5 M NaCl) and extended heating (2 to 3 h) of the soil suspension in the presence of sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS), hexadecyltrimethylammonium bromide, and proteinase K. The extraction method required 6 h and was tested on eight soils differing in organic carbon, clay content, and pH, including ones from which DNA extraction is difficult. The DNA fragment size in crude extracts from all soils was > 23 kb. Preliminary trials indicated that DNA recovery from two soils seeded with gram-negative bacteria was 92 to 99%. When the method was tested on all eight unseeded soils, microscopic examination of indigenous bacteria in soil pellets before and after extraction showed variable cell lysis efficiency (26 to 92%). Crude DNA yields from the eight soils ranged from 2.5 to 26.9 micrograms of DNA g-1, and these were positively correlated with the organic carbon content in the soil (r = 0.73). DNA yields from gram-positive bacteria from pure cultures were two to six times higher when the high-salt-SDS-heat method was combined with mortar-and-pestle grinding and freeze-thawing, and most DNA recovered was of high molecular weight. Four methods for purifying crude DNA were also evaluated for percent recovery, fragment size, speed, enzyme restriction, PCR amplification, and DNA-DNA hybridization. In general, all methods produced DNA pure enough for PCR amplification. Since soil type and microbial community characteristics will influence DNA recovery, this study provides guidance for choosing appropriate extraction and purification methods on the basis of experimental goals.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial diversity and heterogeneity in sandy subsurface soils Abstract: Microbial community diversity and heterogeneity in saturated and unsaturated subsurface soils from Abbott's Pit in Virginia (1.57, 3.25, and 4.05 m below surface) and Dover Air Force Base in Delaware (6.00 and 7.50 m below surface) were analyzed using a culture-independent small-subunit (SSU) rRNA gene (rDNA)-based cloning approach. Four to six dominant operational taxonomic units (OTUs) were identified in 33 to 100 unique SSU rDNA clones (constituting about 40 to 50% of the total number of SSU rDNA clones in the clone library) from the saturated subsurface samples, whereas no dominant OTUs were observed in the unsaturated subsurface sample. Less than 10% of the clones among samples from different depths at the same location were identical, and the proportion of overlapping OTUs was lower for the samples that were vertically far apart than for adjacent samples. In addition, no OTUs were shared between the Abbott's Pit and Dover samples. The majority of the clones (80%) had sequences that were less than 5% different from those in the current databases. Phylogenetic analysis indicated that most of the bacterial clones were affiliated with members of the Proteobacteria family (90%), gram-positive bacteria (3%), and members of the Acidobacteria family (3%). Principal component analysis revealed that samples from different geographic locations were well separated and that samples from the same location were closely grouped together. In addition, the nonsaturated subsurface samples from Abbott's Pit clustered together and were well separated from the saturated subsurface soil sample. Finally, the overall diversity of the subsurface samples was much lower than that of the corresponding surface soil samples.	0
Abstract2class: Spatial and resource factors influencing high microbial diversity in soil Abstract: To begin defining the key determinants that drive microbial community structure in soil, we examined 29 soil samples from four geographically distinct locations taken from the surface, vadose zone, and saturated subsurface using a small-subunit rRNA-based cloning approach. While microbial communities in low-carbon, saturated, subsurface soils showed dominance, microbial communities in low-carbon surface soils showed remarkably uniform distributions, and all species were equally abundant. Two diversity indices, the reciprocal of Simpson's index (1/D) and the log series index, effectively distinguished between the dominant and uniform diversity patterns. For example, the uniform profiles characteristic of the surface communities had diversity index values that were 2 to 3 orders of magnitude greater than those for the high-dominance, saturated, subsurface communities. In a site richer in organic carbon, microbial communities consistently exhibited the uniform distribution pattern regardless of soil water content and depth. The uniform distribution implies that competition does not shape the structure of these microbial communities. Theoretical studies based on mathematical modeling suggested that spatial isolation could limit competition in surface soils, thereby supporting the high diversity and a uniform community structure. Carbon resource heterogeneity may explain the uniform diversity patterns observed in the high-carbon samples even in the saturated zone. Very high levels of chromium contamination (e.g., >20%) in the high-organic-matter soils did not greatly reduce the diversity. Understanding mechanisms that may control community structure, such as spatial isolation, has important implications for preservation of biodiversity, management of microbial communities for bioremediation, biocontrol of root diseases, and improved soil fertility.	0
Abstract2class: Atypical glycolysis in Clostridium thermocellum Abstract: Cofactor specificities of glycolytic enzymes in Clostridium thermocellum were studied with cellobiose-grown cells from batch cultures. Intracellular glucose was phosphorylated by glucokinase using GTP rather than ATP. Although phosphofructokinase typically uses ATP as a phosphoryl donor, we found only pyrophosphate (PPi)-linked activity. Phosphoglycerate kinase used both GDP and ADP as phosphoryl acceptors. In agreement with the absence of a pyruvate kinase sequence in the C. thermocellum genome, no activity of this enzyme could be detected. Also, the annotated pyruvate phosphate dikinase (ppdk) is not crucial for the generation of pyruvate from phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP), as deletion of the ppdk gene did not substantially change cellobiose fermentation. Instead pyruvate formation is likely to proceed via a malate shunt with GDP-linked PEP carboxykinase, NADH-linked malate dehydrogenase, and NADP-linked malic enzyme. High activities of these enzymes were detected in extracts of cellobiose-grown cells. Our results thus show that GTP is consumed while both GTP and ATP are produced in glycolysis of C. thermocellum. The requirement for PPi in this pathway can be satisfied only to a small extent by biosynthetic reactions, in contrast to what is generally assumed for a PPi-dependent glycolysis in anaerobic heterotrophs. Metabolic network analysis showed that most of the required PPi must be generated via ATP or GTP hydrolysis exclusive of that which happens during biosynthesis. Experimental proof for the necessity of an alternative mechanism of PPi generation was obtained by studying the glycolysis in washed-cell suspensions in which biosynthesis was absent. Under these conditions, cells still fermented cellobiose to ethanol.	0
Abstract2class: Functional Analysis of a Novel β-(1,3)-Glucanase from Corallococcus sp. Strain EGB Containing a Fascin-Like Module Abstract: A novel β-(1,3)-glucanase gene designated lamC, cloned from Corallococcus sp. strain EGB, contains a fascin-like module and a glycoside hydrolase family 16 (GH16) catalytic module. LamC displays broad hydrolytic activity toward various polysaccharides. Analysis of the hydrolytic products revealed that LamC is an exo-acting enzyme on β-(1,3)(1,3)- and β-(1,6)-linked glucan substrates and an endo-acting enzyme on β-(1,4)-linked glucan and xylan substrates. Site-directed mutagenesis of conserved catalytic Glu residues (E304A and E309A) demonstrated that these activities were derived from the same active site. Excision of the fascin-like module resulted in decreased activity toward β-(1,3)(1,3)-linked glucans. The carbohydrate-binding assay showed that the fascin-like module was a novel β-(1,3)-linked glucan-binding module. The functional characterization of the fascin-like module and catalytic module will help us better understand these enzymes and modules.IMPORTANCE In this report of a bacterial β-(1,3)(1,3)-glucanase containing a fascin-like module, we reveal the β-(1,3)(1,3)-glucan-binding function of the fascin-like module present in the N terminus of LamC. LamC displays exo-β-(1,3)/(1,6)-glucanase and endo-β-(1,4)-glucanase/xylanase activities with a single catalytic domain. Thus, LamC was identified as a novel member of the GH16 family.	0
Abstract2class: Metabolome profiling reveals metabolic cooperation between Bacillus megaterium and Ketogulonicigenium vulgare during induced swarm motility Abstract: The metabolic cooperation in the ecosystem of Bacillus megaterium and Ketogulonicigenium vulgare was investigated by cultivating them spatially on a soft agar plate. We found that B. megaterium swarmed in a direction along the trace of K. vulgare on the agar plate. Metabolomics based on gas chromatography coupled with time-of-flight mass spectrometry (GC-TOF-MS) was employed to analyze the interaction mechanism between the two microorganisms. We found that the microorganisms interact by exchanging a number of metabolites. Both intracellular metabolism and cell-cell communication via metabolic cooperation were essential in determining the population dynamics of the ecosystem. The contents of amino acids and other nutritional compounds in K. vulgare were rather low in comparison to those in B. megaterium, but the levels of these compounds in the medium surrounding K. vulgare were fairly high, even higher than in fresh medium. Erythrose, erythritol, guanine, and inositol accumulated around B. megaterium were consumed by K. vulgare upon its migration. The oxidization products of K. vulgare, including 2-keto-gulonic acids (2KGA), were sharply increased. Upon coculturing of B. megaterium and K. vulgare, 2,6-dipicolinic acid (the biomarker of sporulation of B. megaterium), was remarkably increased compared with those in the monocultures. Therefore, the interactions between B. megaterium and K. vulgare were a synergistic combination of mutualism and antagonism. This paper is the first to systematically identify a symbiotic interaction mechanism via metabolites in the ecosystem established by two isolated colonies of B. megaterium and K. vulgare.	0
Abstract2class: Influences of pH and Iron Concentration on the Salivary Microbiome in Individual Humans with and without Caries Abstract: This study aimed to identify the differences in the oral microbial communities in saliva from patients with and without caries by performing sequencing with the Illumina MiSeq platform, as well as to further assess their relationships with environmental factors (salivary pH and iron concentration). Forty-three volunteers were selected, including 21 subjects with and 22 without caries, from one village in Gansu, China. Based on 966,255 trimmed sequences and clustering at the 97% similarity level, 1,303 species-level operational taxonomic units were generated. The sequencing data for the two groups revealed that (i) particular distribution patterns (synergistic effects or competition) existed in the subjects with and without caries at both the genus and species levels and (ii) both the salivary pH and iron concentration had significant influences on the microbial community structure.                  Importance:                       The significant influences of the oral environment observed in this study increase the current understanding of the salivary microbiome in caries. These results will be useful for expanding research directions and for improving disease diagnosis, prognosis, and therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Endophytic Bacterium-Triggered Reactive Oxygen Species Directly Increase Oxygenous Sesquiterpenoid Content and Diversity in Atractylodes lancea Abstract: Oxygenous terpenoids are active components of many medicinal plants. However, current studies that have focused on enzymatic oxidation reactions cannot comprehensively clarify the mechanisms of oxygenous terpenoid synthesis and diversity. This study shows that an endophytic bacterium can trigger the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) that directly increase oxygenous sesquiterpenoid content and diversity in Atractylodes lancea. A. lancea is a famous but endangered Chinese medicinal plant that contains abundant oxygenous sesquiterpenoids. Geo-authentic A. lancea produces a wider range and a greater abundance of oxygenous sesquiterpenoids than the cultivated herb. Our previous studies have shown the mechanisms behind endophytic promotion of the production of sesquiterpenoid hydrocarbon scaffolds; however, how endophytes promote the formation of oxygenous sesquiterpenoids and their diversity is unclear. After colonization by Pseudomonas fluorescens ALEB7B, oxidative burst and oxygenous sesquiterpenoid accumulation in A. lancea occur synchronously. Treatment with exogenous hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) or singlet oxygen induces oxidative burst and promotes oxygenous sesquiterpenoid accumulation in planta. Conversely, pretreatment of plantlets with the ROS scavenger ascorbic acid significantly inhibits the oxidative burst and oxygenous sesquiterpenoid accumulation induced by P. fluorescens ALEB7B. Further in vitro oxidation experiments show that several oxygenous sesquiterpenoids can be obtained from direct oxidation caused by H2O2 or singlet oxygen. In summary, this study demonstrates that endophytic bacterium-triggered ROS can directly oxidize oxygen-free sesquiterpenoids and increase the oxygenous sesquiterpenoid content and diversity in A. lancea, providing a novel explanation of the mechanisms of oxygenous terpenoid synthesis in planta and an essential complementarity to enzymatic oxidation reactions.	0
Abstract2class: An Outer Membrane Protein Involved in the Uptake of Glucose Is Essential for Cytophaga hutchinsonii Cellulose Utilization Abstract: Cytophaga hutchinsonii specializes in cellulose digestion by employing a collection of novel cell-associated proteins. Here, we identified a novel gene locus, CHU_1276, that is essential for C. hutchinsonii cellulose utilization. Disruption of CHU_1276 in C. hutchinsonii resulted in complete deficiency in cellulose degradation, as well as compromised assimilation of cellobiose or glucose at a low concentration. Further analysis showed that CHU_1276 was an outer membrane protein that could be induced by cellulose and low concentrations of glucose. Transcriptional profiling revealed that CHU_1276 exerted a profound effect on the genome-wide response to both glucose and Avicel and that the mutant lacking CHU_1276 displayed expression profiles very different from those of the wild-type strain under different culture conditions. Specifically, comparison of their transcriptional responses to cellulose led to the identification of a gene set potentially regulated by CHU_1276. These results suggest that CHU_1276 plays an essential role in cellulose utilization, probably by coordinating the extracellular hydrolysis of cellulose substrate with the intracellular uptake of the hydrolysis product in C. hutchinsonii.	0
Abstract2class: Optimization of pulsed-field gel electrophoresis for Legionella pneumophila subtyping Abstract: A total of 32 strains of Legionella pneumophila were used to optimize pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) for subtyping of L. pneumophila. Twenty-six isolates of L. pneumophila with various origins and 11 isolates from five different water systems were used as the panels. For optimization of electrophoretic parameters (EPs) of SfiI PFGE, 26 isolates were analyzed with SfiI digestion, using four EPs yielding the same D value. The EP of a switch time of 5 to 50 s for 21 h had the smallest similarity coefficients and was declared the optimal EP for SfiI PFGE of L. pneumophila. By software analysis and pilot study, AscI was chosen as another PFGE enzyme. AscI PFGE could cluster the isolates from each water system into the same or very similar patterns and had a high degree of typing concordance with other molecular methods. In evaluating the discriminatory power of AscI with the panel of 26 isolates, AscI PFGE gave one single pattern and a D value of 100%. AscI PFGE had a high discriminatory power and a high degree of consistency with epidemiological data and other molecular typing methods for L. pneumophila subtyping, and hence, AscI could be used as a restriction enzyme in PFGE subtyping of L. pneumophila.	0
Abstract2class: Directed Evolution and Structural Analysis of Alkaline Pectate Lyase from the Alkaliphilic Bacterium Bacillus sp. Strain N16-5 To Improve Its Thermostability for Efficient Ramie Degumming Abstract: Thermostable alkaline pectate lyases have potential applications in the textile industry as an alternative to chemical-based ramie degumming processes. In particular, the alkaline pectate lyase from Bacillus sp. strain N16-5 (BspPelA) has potential for enzymatic ramie degumming because of its high specific activity under extremely alkaline conditions without the requirement for additional Ca(2+). However, BspPelA displays poor thermostability and is inactive after incubation at 50°C for only 30 min. Here, directed evolution was used to improve the thermostability of BspPelA for efficient and stable degumming. After two rounds of error-prone PCR and screening of >12,000 mutants, 10 mutants with improved thermostability were obtained. Sequence analysis and site-directed mutagenesis revealed that single E124I, T178A, and S271G substitutions were responsible for improving thermostability. Structural and molecular dynamic simulation analysis indicated that the formation of a hydrophobic cluster and new H-bond networks was the key factor contributing to the improvement in thermostability with these three substitutions. The most thermostable combined mutant, EAET, exhibited a 140-fold increase in the t50 (time at which the enzyme loses 50% of its initial activity) value at 50°C, accompanied by an 84.3% decrease in activity compared with that of wild-type BspPelA, while the most advantageous combined mutant, EA, exhibited a 24-fold increase in the t50 value at 50°C, with a 23.3% increase in activity. Ramie degumming with the EA mutant was more efficient than that with wild-type BspPelA. Collectively, our results suggest that the EA mutant, exhibiting remarkable improvements in thermostability and activity, has the potential for applications in ramie degumming in the textile industry.	0
Abstract2class: Functional characterization of Crp/Fnr-type global transcriptional regulators in Desulfovibrio vulgaris Hildenborough Abstract: Crp/Fnr-type global transcriptional regulators regulate various metabolic pathways in bacteria and typically function in response to environmental changes. However, little is known about the function of four annotated Crp/Fnr homologs (DVU0379, DVU2097, DVU2547, and DVU3111) in Desulfovibrio vulgaris Hildenborough. A systematic study using bioinformatic, transcriptomic, genetic, and physiological approaches was conducted to characterize their roles in stress responses. Similar growth phenotypes were observed for the crp/fnr deletion mutants under multiple stress conditions. Nevertheless, the idea of distinct functions of Crp/Fnr-type regulators in stress responses was supported by phylogeny, gene transcription changes, fitness changes, and physiological differences. The four D. vulgaris Crp/Fnr homologs are localized in three subfamilies (HcpR, CooA, and cc). The crp/fnr knockout mutants were well separated by transcriptional profiling using detrended correspondence analysis (DCA), and more genes significantly changed in expression in a ΔDVU3111 mutant (JW9013) than in the other three paralogs. In fitness studies, strain JW9013 showed the lowest fitness under standard growth conditions (i.e., sulfate reduction) and the highest fitness under NaCl or chromate stress conditions; better fitness was observed for a ΔDVU2547 mutant (JW9011) under nitrite stress conditions and a ΔDVU2097 mutant (JW9009) under air stress conditions. A higher Cr(VI) reduction rate was observed for strain JW9013 in experiments with washed cells. These results suggested that the four Crp/Fnr-type global regulators play distinct roles in stress responses of D. vulgaris. DVU3111 is implicated in responses to NaCl and chromate stresses, DVU2547 in nitrite stress responses, and DVU2097 in air stress responses.	0
Abstract2class: Sequence analysis of a 101-kilobase plasmid required for agar degradation by a Microscilla isolate Abstract: An agar-degrading marine bacterium identified as a Microscilla species was isolated from coastal California marine sediment. This organism harbored a single 101-kb circular DNA plasmid designated pSD15. The complete nucleotide sequence of pSD15 was obtained, and sequence analysis indicated a number of genes putatively encoding a variety of enzymes involved in polysaccharide utilization. The most striking feature was the occurrence of five putative agarase genes. Loss of the plasmid, which occurred at a surprisingly high frequency, was associated with loss of agarase activity, supporting the sequence analysis results.	0
Abstract2class: Prokaryotic Community Structure Driven by Salinity and Ionic Concentrations in Plateau Lakes of the Tibetan Plateau Abstract: The prokaryotic community composition and diversity and the distribution patterns at various taxonomic levels across gradients of salinity and physiochemical properties in the surface waters of seven plateau lakes in the Qaidam Basin, Tibetan Plateau, were evaluated using Illumina MiSeq sequencing. These lakes included Lakes Keluke (salinity, <1 g/liter), Qing (salinity, 5.5 to 6.6 g/liter), Tuosu (salinity, 24 to 35 g/liter), Dasugan (salinity, 30 to 33 g/liter), Gahai (salinity, 92 to 96 g/liter), Xiaochaidan (salinity, 94 to 99 g/liter), and Gasikule (salinity, 317 to 344 g/liter). The communities were dominated by Bacteria in lakes with salinities of <100 g/liter and by Archaea in Lake Gasikule. The clades At12OctB3 and Salinibacter, previously reported only in hypersaline environments, were found in a hyposaline lake (salinity, 5.5 to 6.6 g/liter) at an abundance of ∼1.0%, indicating their ecological plasticity. Salinity and the concentrations of the chemical ions whose concentrations covary with salinity (Mg(2+), K(+), Cl(-), Na(+), SO4 (2-), and Ca(2+)) were found to be the primary environmental factors that directly or indirectly determined the composition and diversity at the level of individual clades as well as entire prokaryotic communities. The distribution patterns of two phyla, five classes, five orders, five families, and three genera were well predicted by salinity. The variation of the prokaryotic community structure also significantly correlated with the dissolved oxygen concentration, pH, the total nitrogen concentration, and the PO4 (3-) concentration. Such correlations varied depending on the taxonomic level, demonstrating the importance of comprehensive correlation analyses at various taxonomic levels in evaluating the effects of environmental variable factors on prokaryotic community structures. Our findings clarify the distribution patterns of the prokaryotic community composition in plateau lakes at the levels of individual clades as well as whole communities along gradients of salinity and ionic concentrations.	0
Abstract2class: Phylogenetic diversity of marine cyanophage isolates and natural virus communities as revealed by sequences of viral capsid assembly protein gene g20 Abstract: In order to characterize the genetic diversity and phylogenetic affiliations of marine cyanophage isolates and natural cyanophage assemblages, oligonucleotide primers CPS1 and CPS8 were designed to specifically amplify ca. 592-bp fragments of the gene for viral capsid assembly protein g20. Phylogenetic analysis of isolated cyanophages revealed that the marine cyanophages were highly diverse yet more closely related to each other than to enteric coliphage T4. Genetically related marine cyanophage isolates were widely distributed without significant geographic segregation (i.e., no correlation between genetic variation and geographic distance). Cloning and sequencing analysis of six natural virus concentrates from estuarine and oligotrophic offshore environments revealed nine phylogenetic groups in a total of 114 different g20 homologs, with up to six clusters and 29 genotypes encountered in a single sample. The composition and structure of natural cyanophage communities in the estuary and open-ocean samples were different from each other, with unique phylogenetic clusters found for each environment. Changes in clonal diversity were also observed from the surface waters to the deep chlorophyll maximum layer in the open ocean. Only three clusters contained known cyanophage isolates, while the identities of the other six clusters remain unknown. Whether or not these unidentified groups are composed of bacteriophages that infect different Synechococcus groups or other closely related cyanobacteria remains to be determined. The high genetic diversity of marine cyanophage assemblages revealed by the g20 sequences suggests that marine viruses can potentially play important roles in regulating microbial genetic diversity.	0
Abstract2class: Prevalence of viral photosynthetic and capsid protein genes from cyanophages in two large and deep perialpine lakes Abstract: Cyanophages are important components of aquatic ecosystems, but their genetic diversity has been little investigated in freshwaters. A yearlong survey was conducted in surface waters of the two largest natural perialpine lakes in France (Lake Annecy and Lake Bourget) to investigate part of this cyanophage diversity through the analysis of both structural (e.g., g20) and functional (e.g., psbA) genes. We found that these cyanophage signature genes were prevalent throughout the year but that the community compositions of g20 cyanomyoviruses were significantly different between the two lakes. In contrast, psbA-containing cyanophages seemed to be more similar between the two ecosystems. We also found that a large proportion of g20 sequences grouped with cyanomyophage isolates. psbA sequences, belonging to phages of Synechococcus spp., were characterized by distinct triplet motifs (with a novel viral triplet motif, EFE). Thus, our results show that cyanophages (i) are a diverse viral community in alpine lakes and (ii) are clearly distinct from some other freshwater and marine environments, suggesting the influence of unique biogeographic factors.	0
Abstract2class: Differentiation of Lactobacillus Species by Molecular Typing Abstract: A total of 64 type, reference, clinical, health food, and stock isolates of microaerophilic Lactobacillus species were examined by restriction fragment length polymorphisms. Of particular interest were members of six of the eight species most commonly recovered from the vaginas of healthy premenopausal women, namely, Lactobacillus jensenii, L. casei, L. rhamnosus, L. acidophilus, L. plantarum, and L. fermentum. Six main groupings were identified on the basis of ribotyping. This technique was able to classify fresh isolates to the species level. In the case of the ribotype A grouping for L. rhamnosus, differences between strains were evident by chromosome typing (chromotyping). Many isolates did not possess plasmids. Six L. rhamnosus strains isolated from four different health food products appeared to be identical to L. rhamnosus ATCC 21052. The molecular typing system is useful for identifying and differentiating Lactobacillus isolates. Studies of strains of potential importance to the urogenital flora should include molecular characterization as a means of comparing genetic traits with those of strains whose characteristics associated with colonization and antagonism against pathogens have been defined.	0
Abstract2class: Differentiation of Bacillus anthracis, B. cereus, and B. thuringiensis by using pulsed-field gel electrophoresis Abstract: A pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) method was developed for discriminating Bacillus anthracis from B. cereus and B. thuringiensis. A worldwide collection of 25 B. anthracis isolates showed high-profile homology, and these isolates were unambiguously distinguished from B. cereus and B. thuringiensis isolates by cluster analysis of the whole-genome macrorestriction enzyme digestion patterns generated by NotI.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation of methyl parathion-degrading strain M6 and cloning of the methyl parathion hydrolase gene Abstract: A degradative bacterium, M6, was isolated and presumptively identified as Plesiomonas sp. strain M6 was able to hydrolyze methyl parathion to p-nitrophenol. A novel organophosphate hydrolase gene designated mpd was selected from its genomic library prepared by shotgun cloning. The nucleotide sequence of the mpd gene was determined. The gene could be effectively expressed in Escherichia coli.	0
Abstract2class: Evidence of Naturalized Stress-Tolerant Strains of Escherichia coli in Municipal Wastewater Treatment Plants Abstract: Escherichia coli has been proposed to have two habitats-the intestines of mammals/birds and the nonhost environment. Our goal was to assess whether certain strains of E. coli have evolved toward adaptation and survival in wastewater. Raw sewage samples from different treatment plants were subjected to chlorine stress, and ∼59% of the surviving E. coli strains were found to contain a genetic insertion element (IS30) located within the uspC-flhDC intergenic region. The positional location of the IS30 element was not observed across a library of 845 E. coli isolates collected from various animal hosts or within GenBank or whole-genome reference databases for human and animal E. coli isolates (n = 1,177). Phylogenetics clustered the IS30 element-containing wastewater E. coli isolates into a distinct clade, and biomarker analysis revealed that these wastewater isolates contained a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) biomarker pattern that was specific for wastewater. These isolates belonged to phylogroup A, possessed generalized stress response (RpoS) activity, and carried the locus of heat resistance, features likely relevant to nonhost environmental survival. Isolates were screened for 28 virulence genes but carried only the fimH marker. Our data suggest that wastewater contains a naturalized resident population of E. coli We developed an endpoint PCR targeting the IS30 element within the uspC-flhDC intergenic region, and all raw sewage samples (n = 21) were positive for this marker. Conversely, the prevalence of this marker in E. coli-positive surface and groundwater samples was low (≤5%). This simple PCR assay may represent a convenient microbial source-tracking tool for identification of water samples affected by municipal wastewater.                  Importance:                       The results of this study demonstrate that some strains of E. coli appear to have evolved to become naturalized populations in the wastewater environment and possess a number of stress-related genetic elements likely important for survival in this nonhost environment. The presence of non-host-adapted strains in wastewater challenges our understanding of using E. coli as a microbial indicator of wastewater treatment performance, suggesting that the E. coli strains present in human and animal feces may be very different from those found in treated wastewater.	0
Abstract2class: Release of free DNA by membrane-impaired bacterial aerosols due to aerosolization and air sampling Abstract: We report here that stress experienced by bacteria due to aerosolization and air sampling can result in severe membrane impairment, leading to the release of DNA as free molecules. Escherichia coli and Bacillus atrophaeus bacteria were aerosolized and then either collected directly into liquid or collected using other collection media and then transferred into liquid. The amount of DNA released was quantified as the cell membrane damage index (ID), i.e., the number of 16S rRNA gene copies in the supernatant liquid relative to the total number in the bioaerosol sample. During aerosolization by a Collison nebulizer, the ID of E. coli and B. atrophaeus in the nebulizer suspension gradually increased during 60 min of continuous aerosolization. We found that the ID of bacteria during aerosolization was statistically significantly affected by the material of the Collison jar (glass > polycarbonate; P < 0.001) and by the bacterial species (E. coli > B. atrophaeus; P < 0.001). When E. coli was collected for 5 min by filtration, impaction, and impingement, its ID values were within the following ranges: 0.051 to 0.085, 0.16 to 0.37, and 0.068 to 0.23, respectively; when it was collected by electrostatic precipitation, the ID values (0.011 to 0.034) were significantly lower (P < 0.05) than those with other sampling methods. Air samples collected inside an equine facility for 2 h by filtration and impingement exhibited ID values in the range of 0.30 to 0.54. The data indicate that the amount of cell damage during bioaerosol sampling and the resulting release of DNA can be substantial and that this should be taken into account when analyzing bioaerosol samples.	0
Abstract2class: Transformation of Metalaxyl by the Fungus Syncephalastrum racemosum Abstract: The fungus Syncephalastrum racemosum (Cohn) Schroeter was found to transform the fungicide metalaxyl [N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-alanine methyl ester] in pure culture. After 21 days of incubation in a basal medium amended with 5 mug of metalaxyl per ml, more than 80% of the compound was transformed by the fungus. The transformation rates decreased as the concentrations of metalaxyl increased from 5 to 100 mug/ml. No transformation was observed when the concentration of metalaxyl was higher than 200 mug/ml. Two isomeric metabolites and a mixture of two other isomeric metabolites were isolated from the organic extract of the growth medium and identified as N-(2-methyl-6-hydroxymethylphenyl)-N- and N-(2-hydroxymethyl-6-methylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-alanine methyl ester and N-(3-hydroxy- and N-(5-hydroxy-2,6-dimethyl-phenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)-alanine methyl ester according to their mass-spectral and nuclear magnetic resonance-spectral characteristics. Benzylic hydroxylation of the methyl side chains and/or aromatic hydroxylation appeared to be the major reactions involved in the metabolism of metalaxyl.	0
Abstract2class: Thioesterase II of Escherichia coli plays an important role in 3-hydroxydecanoic acid production Abstract: 3-Hydroxydecanoic acid (3HD) was produced in Escherichia coli by mobilizing (R)-3-hydroxydecanoyl-acyl carrier protein-coenzyme A transacylase (PhaG, encoded by the phaG gene). By employing an isogenic tesB (encoding thioesterase II)-negative knockout E. coli strain, CH01, it was found that the expressions of tesB and phaG can up-regulate each other. In addition, 3HD was synthesized from glucose or fructose by recombinant E. coli harboring phaG and tesB. This study supports the hypothesis that the physiological role of thioesterase II in E. coli is to prevent the abnormal accumulation of intracellular acyl-coenzyme A.	0
Abstract2class: Relative catalytic efficiency of ldhL- and ldhD-encoded products is crucial for optical purity of lactic acid produced by lactobacillus strains Abstract: NAD-dependent l- and d-lactate dehydrogenases coexist in Lactobacillus genomes and may convert pyruvic acid into l-lactic acid and d-lactic acid, respectively. Our findings suggest that the relative catalytic efficiencies of ldhL- and ldhD-encoded products are crucial for the optical purity of lactic acid produced by Lactobacillus strains.	0
Abstract2class: Community dynamics and activity of ammonia-oxidizing prokaryotes in intertidal sediments of the Yangtze estuary Abstract: Diversity, abundance, and activity of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (AOB) and ammonia-oxidizing archaea (AOA) were investigated using the ammonia monooxygenase α subunit (amoA) in the intertidal sediments of the Yangtze Estuary. Generally, AOB had a lower diversity of amoA genes than did AOA in this study. Clone library analysis revealed great spatial variations in both AOB and AOA communities along the estuary. The UniFrac distance matrix showed that all the AOB communities and 6 out of 7 AOA communities in the Yangtze Estuary were statistically indistinguishable between summer and winter. The studied AOB and AOA community structures were observed to correlate with environmental parameters, of which salinity, pH, ammonium, total phosphorus, and organic carbon had significant correlations with the composition and distribution of both communities. Also, the AOA communities were significantly correlated with sediment clay content. Quantitative PCR (qPCR) results indicated that the abundance of AOB amoA genes was greater than that of AOA amoA genes in 10 of the 14 samples analyzed in this study. Potential nitrification rates were significantly greater in summer than in winter and had a significant negative correlation with salinity. In addition, potential nitrification rates were correlated strongly only with archaeal amoA gene abundance and not with bacterial amoA gene abundance. However, no significant differences were observed between rates measured with and without ampicillin (AOB inhibitor). These results implied that archaea might play a more important role in mediating the oxidation of ammonia to nitrite in the Yangtze estuarine sediments.	0
Abstract2class: Host-mediated modification of Sau3AI restriction in Listeria monocytogenes: prevalence in epidemic-associated strains Abstract: Most major food-related outbreaks of listeriosis have been traced to a cluster of genetically related strains of serovar 4b (epidemic clone). In spite of numerous searches, distinct bacteriologic or virulence-related features unique to these strains have eluded identification, although a restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) characteristic of the epidemic clone has previously been described (W. Zheng and S. Kathariou, Appl. Environ. Microbiol. 61:4310-4314, 1995). We found that DNAs from 75 strains which were derived from three separate outbreaks and which had the epidemic clone-specific RFLP were also invariably resistant to digestion by Sau3AI and other restriction endonucleases sensitive to cytosine methylation at 5' GATC 3' sites. This modification of Sau3AI restriction was host mediated, as it did not persist when DNA was cloned and propagated in Escherichia coli, and was uncommon among other Listeria strains. Epidemic-associated strains with this modification were resistant to infection by phage propagated in a serotype 4b strain which was not known to be involved in an epidemic and which lacked the epidemic clone-specific RFLP. Screening for susceptibility to MboI digestion revealed that these epidemic strains lacked methylation of adenines at GATC sites. This type of modification was rare among Listeria strains and was found in only three (of eight screened) strains of serovar 1/2b, possibly representing one clonal lineage.	0
Abstract2class: Differentiation of epidemic-associated strains of Listeria monocytogenes by restriction fragment length polymorphism in a gene region essential for growth at low temperatures (4 degrees C) Abstract: The growth of Listeria monocytogenes in food stored in the cold has often been implicated in outbreaks of listeriosis. Many subtyping schemes have suggested that epidemic-associated strains belong to a unique genetic group. It has not yet been possible, however, to identify molecular or bacteriologic markers unique to epidemic-associated strains. Recently we cloned three genes of L. monocytogenes, ltrA, ltrB, and ltrC, which are essential for growth at low temperatures (4 degrees C). The use of a 1.2-kb PstI fragment derived from ltrB as a probe in Southern blots of HindIII-digested DNA revealed three hybridization patterns: the first (a 5.0-kb band) was observed in strains of serotypes 4b, 1/2b, and 3b; the second (a 3.1-kb band) was seen in strains of serotypes 1/2a, 3a, 1/2c, and 3c; and the third (a 9.5-kb band) was characteristic of epidemic-associated serotype 4b strains. These and other data suggest that probes derived from this gene region that is essential for growth at low temperatures can be useful molecular tools for the subtyping of strains implicated in food-borne listeriosis.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a simvastatin selection marker for a hyperthermophilic acidophile, Sulfolobus islandicus Abstract: We report here a novel selectable marker for the hyperthermophilic crenarchaeon Sulfolobus islandicus. The marker cassette is composed of the sac7d promoter and the hmg gene coding for the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase (P(sac7d)-hmg), which confers simvastatin resistance to this crenarchaeon. The basic plasmid vector pSSR was constructed by substituting the pyrEF gene of the expression vector pSeSD for P(sac7d)-hmg with which the Sulfolobus expression plasmids pSSRlacS, pSSRAherA, and pSSRNherA were constructed. Characterization of Sulfolobus transformants carrying pSSRlacS indicated that the plasmid was properly maintained under selection. High-level expression of the His(6)-tagged HerA helicase was obtained with the cells harboring pSSRAherA. The establishment of two efficient selectable markers (pyrEF and hmg) was subsequently exploited for genetic analysis. A herA merodiploid strain of S. islandicus was constructed using pyrEF marker and used as the host to obtain pSSRNherA transformant with simvastatin selection. While the gene knockout (ΔherA) cells generated from the herA merodiploid cells failed to form colonies in the presence of 5-fluoroorotic acid (5-FOA), the mutant cells could be rescued by expression of the gene from a plasmid (pSSRNherA), because their transformants formed colonies on a solid medium containing 5-FOA and simvastatin. This demonstrates that HerA is essential for cell viability of S. islandicus. To our knowledge, this is the first application of an antibiotic selectable marker in genetic study for a hyperthermophilic acidophile and in the crenarchaeal lineage.	0
Abstract2class: Geographic Impact on Genomic Divergence as Revealed by Comparison of Nine Citromicrobial Genomes Abstract: Aerobic anoxygenic phototrophic bacteria (AAPB) are thought to be important players in oceanic carbon and energy cycling in the euphotic zone of the ocean. The genus Citromicrobium, widely found in oligotrophic oceans, is a member of marine alphaproteobacterial AAPB. Nine Citromicrobium strains isolated from the South China Sea, the Mediterranean Sea, or the tropical South Atlantic Ocean were found to harbor identical 16S rRNA sequences. The sequencing of their genomes revealed high synteny in major regions. Nine genetic islands (GIs) involved mainly in type IV secretion systems, flagellar biosynthesis, prophage, and integrative conjugative elements, were identified by a fine-scale comparative genomics analysis. These GIs played significant roles in genomic evolution and divergence. Interestingly, the coexistence of two different photosynthetic gene clusters (PGCs) was not only found in the analyzed genomes but also confirmed, for the first time, to our knowledge, in environmental samples. The prevalence of the coexistence of two different PGCs may suggest an adaptation mechanism for Citromicrobium members to survive in the oceans. Comparison of genomic characteristics (e.g., GIs, average nucleotide identity [ANI], single-nucleotide polymorphisms [SNPs], and phylogeny) revealed that strains within a marine region shared a similar evolutionary history that was distinct from that of strains isolated from other regions (South China Sea versus Mediterranean Sea). Geographic differences are partly responsible for driving the observed genomic divergences and allow microbes to evolve through local adaptation. Three Citromicrobium strains isolated from the Mediterranean Sea diverged millions of years ago from other strains and evolved into a novel group.                  Importance:                       Aerobic anoxygenic phototrophic bacteria are a widespread functional group in the upper ocean, and their abundance could be up to 15% of the total heterotrophic bacteria. To date, a great number of studies display AAPB biogeographic distribution patterns in the ocean; however, little is understood about the geographic isolation impact on the genome divergence of marine AAPB. In this study, we compare nine Citromicrobium genomes of strains that have identical 16S rRNA sequences but different ocean origins. Our results reveal that strains isolated from the same marine region share a similar evolutionary history that is distinct from that of strains isolated from other regions. These Citromicrobium strains diverged millions of years ago. In addition, the coexistence of two different PGCs is prevalent in the analyzed genomes and in environmental samples.	0
Abstract2class: Systematic Mutational Analysis of Histidine Kinase Genes in the Nosocomial Pathogen Stenotrophomonas maltophilia Identifies BfmAK System Control of Biofilm Development Abstract: The Gram-negative bacterium Stenotrophomonas maltophilialives in diverse ecological niches. As a result of its formidable capabilities of forming biofilm and its resistance to multiple antibiotic agents, the bacterium is also a nosocomial pathogen of serious threat to the health of patients whose immune systems are suppressed or compromised. Besides the histidine kinase RpfC, the two-component signal transduction system (TCS), which is the canonical regulatory machinery used by most bacterial pathogens, has never been experimentally investigated inS. maltophilia Here, we annotated 62 putative histidine kinase genes in the S. maltophilia genome and successfully obtained 51 mutants by systematical insertional inactivation. Phenotypic characterization identified a series of mutants with deficiencies in bacterial growth, swimming motility, and biofilm development. A TCS, named here BfmA-BfmK (Smlt4209-Smlt4208), was genetically confirmed to regulate biofilm formation inS. maltophilia Together with interacting partner prediction and chromatin immunoprecipitation screens, six candidate promoter regions bound by BfmA in vivo were identified. We demonstrated that, among them, BfmA acts as a transcription factor that binds directly to the promoter regions of bfmA-bfmK and Smlt0800(acoT), a gene encoding an acyl coenzyme A thioesterase that is associated with biofilm development, and positively controls their transcription. Genome-scale mutational analyses of histidine kinase genes and functional dissection of BfmK-BfmA regulation in biofilm provide genetic information to support more in-depth studies on cellular signaling inS. maltophilia, in the context of developing novel approaches to fight this important bacterial pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: Environmental influences on competitive hydrogen peroxide production in Streptococcus gordonii Abstract: Streptococcus gordonii is an important member of the oral biofilm. One of its phenotypic traits is the production of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2). H2O2 is an antimicrobial component produced by S. gordonii that is able to antagonize the growth of cariogenic Streptococcus mutans. Strategies that modulate H2O2 production in the oral cavity may be useful as a simple therapeutic mechanism to improve oral health, but little is known about the regulation of H2O2 production. The enzyme responsible for H2O2 production is pyruvate oxidase, encoded by spxB. The functional studies of spxB expression and SpxB abundance presented in this report demonstrate a strong dependence on environmental oxygen tension and carbohydrate availability. Carbon catabolite repression (CCR) modulates spxB expression carbohydrate dependently. Catabolite control protein A (CcpA) represses spxB expression by direct binding to the spxB promoter, as shown by electrophoretic mobility shift assays (EMSA). Promoter mutation studies revealed the requirement of two catabolite-responsive elements (CRE) for CcpA-dependent spxB regulation, as evaluated by spxB expression and phenotypic H2O2 production assays. Thus, molecular mechanisms for the control of S. gordonii spxB expression are presented for the first time, demonstrating the possibility of manipulating H2O2 production for increased competitive fitness.	0
Abstract2class: Elimination of a Free Cysteine by Creation of a Disulfide Bond Increases the Activity and Stability of Candida boidinii Formate Dehydrogenase Abstract: NAD+-dependent formate dehydrogenase (FDH; EC 1.2.1.2) is an industrial enzyme widely used for NADH regeneration. However, enzyme inactivation caused by the oxidation of cysteine residues is a flaw of native FDH. In this study, we relieved the oxidation of the free cysteine of FDH from Candida boidinii (CboFDH) through the construction of disulfide bonds between A10 and C23 as well as I239 and C262. Variants A10C, I239C, and A10C/I239C were obtained by the site-directed mutagenesis and their properties were studied. Results showed that there were no significant changes in the optimum temperature and pH between variants and wild-type CboFDH. However, the stabilities of all variant enzymes were improved. Specifically, the CboFDH variant A10C (A10Cfdh) showed a significant increase in copper ion resistance and acid resistance, a 6.7-fold increase in half-life at 60°C, and a 1.4-fold increase in catalytic efficiency compared with the wild type. Asymmetric synthesis of l-tert-leucine indicated that the process time was reduced by 40% with variant A10Cfdh, which benefited from the increase in catalytic efficiency. Circular dichroism analysis and molecular dynamics simulation indicated that variants that contained disulfide bonds lowered the overall root mean square deviation (RMSD) and consequently increased the protein rigidity without affecting the secondary structure of enzyme. This work is expected to provide a viable strategy to avoid the microbial enzyme inactivation caused by the oxidation of the free cysteine residues and improving their performances.                  Importance:                       FDH is widely used for NADH regeneration in dehydrogenase-based synthesis of optically active compounds to decrease the cost of production. This study highlighted a viable strategy that was used to eliminate the oxidation of free cysteine residues of FDH from Candida boidinii by the introduction of disulfide bonds. Using this strategy, we obtained a variant FDH with improved activity and stability. The improvement of activity and stability of FDH is expected to reduce its price and then further to decrease the cost of its application.	0
Abstract2class: A Genomic View of Lactobacilli and Pediococci Demonstrates that Phylogeny Matches Ecology and Physiology Abstract: Lactobacilli are used widely in food, feed, and health applications. The taxonomy of the genus Lactobacillus, however, is confounded by the apparent lack of physiological markers for phylogenetic groups of lactobacilli and the unclear relationships between the diverse phylogenetic groups. This study used the core and pan-genomes of 174 type strains of Lactobacillus and Pediococcus to establish phylogenetic relationships and to identify metabolic properties differentiating phylogenetic groups. The core genome phylogenetic tree separated homofermentative lactobacilli and pediococci from heterofermentative lactobacilli. Aldolase and phosphofructokinase were generally present in homofermentative but not in heterofermentative lactobacilli; a two-domain alcohol dehydrogenase and mannitol dehydrogenase were present in most heterofermentative lactobacilli but absent in most homofermentative organisms. Other genes were predominantly present in homofermentative lactobacilli (pyruvate formate lyase) or heterofermentative lactobacilli (lactaldehyde dehydrogenase and glycerol dehydratase). Cluster analysis of the phylogenomic tree and the average nucleotide identity grouped the genus Lactobacillus sensu lato into 24 phylogenetic groups, including pediococci, with stable intra- and intergroup relationships. Individual groups may be differentiated by characteristic metabolic properties. The link between phylogeny and physiology that is proposed in this study facilitates future studies on the ecology, physiology, and industrial applications of lactobacilli.	0
Abstract2class: Differentiation of Bacillus anthracis, B. cereus, and B. thuringiensis on the basis of the csaB gene reflects host source Abstract: csaB gene analysis clustered 198 strains of Bacillus anthracis, Bacillus cereus, and Bacillus thuringiensis into two groups related to mammalian and insect hosts, respectively. Mammal-related group I strains also have more S-layer homology (SLH) protein genes than group II strains. This indicates that csaB-based differentiation reflects selective pressure from animal hosts.	0
Abstract2class: Colonization and internalization of Salmonella enterica in tomato plants Abstract: The consumption of fresh tomatoes has been linked to numerous food-borne outbreaks involving various serovars of Salmonella enterica. Recent advances in our understanding of plant-microbe interactions have shown that human enteric pathogenic bacteria, including S. enterica, are adapted to survive in the plant environment. In this study, tomato plants (Solanum lycopersicum cv. Micro-Tom) grown in sandy loam soil from Virginia's eastern shore (VES) were inoculated with S. enterica serovars to evaluate plausible internalization routes and to determine if there is any niche fitness for certain serovars. Both infested soil and contaminated blossoms can lead to low internal levels of fruit contamination with Salmonella. Salmonella serovars demonstrated a great ability to survive in environments under tomato cultivation, not only in soil but also on different parts of the tomato plant. Of the five serovars investigated, Salmonella enterica serovars Newport and Javiana were dominant in sandy loam soil, while Salmonella enterica serovars Montevideo and Newport were more prevalent on leaves and blossoms. It was also observed that Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium had a poor rate of survival in all the plant parts examined here, suggesting that postharvest contamination routes are more likely in S. Typhimurium contamination of tomato fruit. Conversely, S. Newport was the most prevalent serovar recovered in both the tomato rhizosphere and phyllosphere. Plants that were recently transplanted (within 3 days) had an increase in observable internalized bacteria, suggesting that plants were more susceptible to internalization right after transplant. These findings suggest that the particular Salmonella serovar and the growth stage of the plant were important factors for internalization through the root system.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and characterization of Shiga toxin type 2 variants in Escherichia coli isolates from animals, food, and humans Abstract: There is considerable heterogeneity among the Shiga toxin type 2 (Stx2) toxins elaborated by Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC). One such Stx2 variant, the Stx2d mucus-activatable toxin (Stx2dact), is rendered more toxic by the action of elastase present in intestinal mucus, which cleaves the last two amino acids of the A2 portion of the toxin A subunit. We screened 153 STEC isolates from food, animals, and humans for the gene encoding Stx2dact by using a novel one-step PCR procedure. This method targeted the region of stx(2dact) that encodes the elastase recognition site. The presence of stx(2dact) was confirmed by DNA sequencing of the complete toxin genes. Seven STEC isolates from cows (four isolates), meat (two isolates), and a human (one isolate) that carried the putative stx(2dact) gene were identified; all were eae negative, and none was the O157:H7 serotype. Three of the isolates (CVM9322, CVM9557, and CVM9584) also carried stx(1), two (P1332 and P1334) carried stx(1) and stx(2c), and one (CL-15) carried stx(2c). One isolate, P1130, harbored only stx(2dact). The Vero cell cytotoxicities of supernatants from P1130 and stx(1) deletion mutants of CVM9322, CVM9557, and CVM9584 were increased 13- to 30-fold after treatment with porcine elastase. Thus, Stx2dact-producing strains, as detected by our one-step PCR method, can be isolated not only from humans, as previously documented, but also from food and animals. The latter finding has important public health implications based on a recent report from Europe of a link between disease severity and infection with STEC isolates that produce Stx2dact.	0
Abstract2class: Investigating Nucleosome Accessibility for MNase, FeII Peplomycin, and Duocarmycin B2 by Using Capillary Electrophoresis Abstract: Capillary electrophoresis, coupled with DNA 5' Texas Red labeling, was used to investigate the ability of MNase, FeII peplomycin, and duocarmycin B2 to access the nucleosome. Distinct accessibility patterns of these species to the nucleosome were observed. MNase was completely prevented from approaching the nucleosome core and exhibited a higher site specificity for targeting DNA sites located close to the core region. Intercalation of peplomycin in the nucleosomal core region was highly suppressed, but reaction sites located at the ends of the nucleosomal core remained accessible, which implied flexibility of the core DNA end. Duocarmycin B2 was able to enter and react in the core region, although its alkylating efficiency decreased significantly.	0
Abstract2class: Small-molecule-mediated axonal branching in Caenorhabditis elegans Abstract: An in vivo system for monitoring small-molecule-mediated neuronal branching has been developed by using C. elegans. Growth-promoting compounds can be detected by visual inspection of GFPlabeled cholinergic neurons, as axonal branching occurs following treatment with neurotrophic agents. Investigation of the structure-activity relationship of the neurotrophic natural product clovanemagnolol (1) led us to a comparable chemically edited derivative.	0
Abstract2class: Hit-Validation Methodologies for Ligands Isolated from DNA-Encoded Chemical Libraries Abstract: DNA-encoded chemical libraries (DECLs) are large collections of compounds linked to DNA fragments, serving as amplifiable barcodes, which can be screened on target proteins of interest. In typical DECL selections, preferential binders are identified by high-throughput DNA sequencing, by comparing their frequency before and after the affinity capture step. Hits identified in this procedure need to be confirmed, by resynthesis and by performing affinity measurements. In this article we present new methods based on hybridization of oligonucleotide conjugates with fluorescently labeled complementary oligonucleotides; these facilitate the determination of affinity constants and kinetic dissociation constants. The experimental procedures were demonstrated with acetazolamide, a binder to carbonic anhydrase IX with a dissociation constant in the nanomolar range. The detection of binding events was compatible not only with fluorescence polarization methodologies, but also with Alphascreen technology and with microscale thermophoresis.	0
Abstract2class: Luminescent Amphiphilic Aminoglycoside Probes to Study Transfection Abstract: We report the characterization of amphiphilic aminoglycoside conjugates containing luminophores with aggregation-induced emission properties as transfection reagents. These inherently luminescent transfection vectors are capable of binding plasmid DNA through electrostatic interactions; this binding results in an emission "on" signal due to restriction of intramolecular motion of the luminophore core. The luminescent cationic amphiphiles effectively transferred plasmid DNA into mammalian cells (HeLa, HEK 293T), as proven by expression of a red fluorescent protein marker. The morphologies of the aggregates were investigated by microscopy as well as ζ-potential and dynamic light-scattering measurements. The transfection efficiencies using luminescent cationic amphiphiles were similar to that of the gold-standard transfection reagent Lipofectamine® 2000.	0
Abstract2class: Programming in situ immunofluorescence intensities through interchangeable reactions of dynamic DNA complexes Abstract: The regulation of antibody reporting intensities is critical to various in situ fluorescence-imaging analyses. Although such control is often necessary to visualize sparse molecular targets, the ability to tune marker intensities is also essential for highly multiplexed imaging strategies in which marker reporting levels must be tuned both to optimize dynamic detection ranges and to minimize crosstalk between different signals. Existing chemical amplification approaches generally lack such control. Here, we demonstrate that linear and branched DNA complexes can be designed to function as interchangeable building blocks that can be assembled into organized, fluorescence-reporting complexes. We show that the ability to program DNA-strand-displacement reactions between these complexes offers new opportunities to deterministically tune the number of dyes that are coupled to individual antibodies in order both to increase and controllably balance marker reporting levels within fixed cells.	0
Abstract2class: Generation of new landomycins with altered saccharide patterns through over-expression of the glycosyltransferase gene lanGT3 in the biosynthetic gene cluster of landomycin A in Streptomyces cyanogenus S-136 Abstract: Two novel landomycin compounds, landomycins I and J, were generated with a new mutant strain of Streptomyces cyanogenus in which the glycosyltransferase that is encoded by lanGT3 was over-expressed. This mutant also produced the known landomycins A, B, and D. All these compounds consist of the same polyketide-derived aglycon but differ in their sugar moieties, which are chains of different lengths. The major new metabolite, landomycin J, was found to consist of landomycinone with a tetrasaccharide chain attached. Combined with previous results of the production of landomycin E (which contains three sugars) by the LanGT3- mutant strain (obtained by targeted gene deletion of lanGT3), it was verified that LanGT3 is a D-olivosyltransferase responsible for the transfer of the fourth sugar required for landomycin A biosynthesis. The experiments also showed that gene over-expression is a powerful method for unbalancing biosynthetic pathways in order to generate new metabolites. The cytotoxicity of the new landomycins--compared to known ones--was assessed by using three different tumor cell lines, and their structure-activity relationship (SAR) with respect to the length of the deoxysugar side chain was deduced from the results.	0
Abstract2class: A Phosphinate-Containing Fluorophore Capable of Selectively Inducing Apoptosis in Cancer Cells Abstract: Chemotherapeutic agents generally suffer from off-target cytotoxicity in noncancerous cell types, leading to undesired side effects. As a result, significant effort has been put into identifying compounds that are selective for cancerous over noncancerous cell types. Our laboratory has recently developed a series of near-infrared (NIR) fluorophores containing a phosphinate functionality at the bridging position of a xanthene scaffold, termed Nebraska Red (NR) fluorophores. Herein, we report the selective cytotoxicity of one NR derivative, NR744 , against HeLa (cervical cancer) cells versus NIH-3T3 (noncancerous fibroblast) cells. Mechanistic studies based on the NIR fluorescence signal of NR744 showed distinct subcellular localization in HeLa (mitochondrial) versus NIH-3T3 (lysosomal) that resulted from the elevated mitochondrial potential in HeLa cells. This study provides a new, NIR scaffold for the further development of reagents for targeted cancer therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical Probes to Directly Profile Palmitoleoylation of Proteins Abstract: Palmitoleoylation is a unique fatty acylation of proteins in which a monounsaturated fatty acid, palmitoleic acid (C16:1), is covalently attached to a protein. Wnt proteins are known to be palmitoleoylated by cis-Δ9 palmitoleate at conserved serine residues. O-palmitoleoylation plays a critical role in regulating Wnt secretion, binding to the receptors, and in the dynamics of Wnt signaling. Therefore, protein palmitoleoylation is important in tissue homeostasis and tumorigenesis. Chemical probes based on saturated fatty acids, such as ω-alkynyl palmitic acid (Alk-14 or Alk-C16 ), have been used to study Wnt palmitoleoylation. However, such probes require prior conversion to the unsaturated fatty acid by stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD) in cells, significantly decreasing their selectivity and efficiency for studying protein palmitoleoylation. We synthesized and characterized ω-alkynyl cis- and trans-palmitoleic acids (cis- and trans-Alk-14:1) as chemical probes to directly study protein palmitoleoylation. We found that cis-Alk-14:1 could more efficiently label Wnt proteins in cells. Interestingly, the DHHC family of palmitoyl acyltransferases can charge both saturated and unsaturated fatty acids, potentially using both as acyl donors in protein palmitoylation and palmitoleoylation. Furthermore, proteomic analysis of targets labeled by these probes revealed new cis- and trans-palmitoleoylated proteins. Our studies provided new chemical tools and revealed new insights into palmitoleoylation in cell signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Substrate Protection in Controlled Enzymatic Transformation of Peptides and Proteins Abstract: Proteins are involved in practically every single biological process. The many enzymes involved in their synthesis, cleavage, and posttranslational modification (PTM) carry out highly specific tasks with no usage of protecting groups. Yet, the chemists' strategy of protection/deprotection potentially can be highly useful, for example, when a specific biochemical reaction catalyzed by a broad-specificity enzyme needs to be inhibited, during infection of cells by enveloped viruses, in the invasion and spread of cancer cells, and upon mechanistic investigation of signal-transduction pathways. Doing so requires highly specific binding of peptide substrates in aqueous solution with biologically competitive affinities. Recent development of peptide-imprinted cross-linked micelles allows such protection and affords previously impossible ways of manipulating peptides and proteins in enzymatic transformations.	0
Abstract2class: Deletion of the C26 Methyl Substituent from the Bryostatin Analogue Merle 23 Has Negligible Impact on Its Biological Profile and Potency Abstract: Important strides are being made in understanding the effects of structural features of bryostatin 1, a candidate therapeutic agent for cancer and dementia, in conferring its potency toward protein kinase C and the unique spectrum of biological responses that it induces. A critical pharmacophoric element in bryostatin 1 is the secondary hydroxy group at the C26 position, with a corresponding primary hydroxy group playing an analogous role in binding of phorbol esters to protein kinase C. Herein, we describe the synthesis of a bryostatin homologue in which the C26 hydroxy group is primary, as it is in the phorbol esters, and show that its biological activity is almost indistinguishable from that of the corresponding compound with a secondary hydroxy group.	0
Abstract2class: Artificially Linked Ubiquitin Dimers Characterised Structurally and Dynamically by NMR Spectroscopy Abstract: As one of the most prevalent post-translational modifications in eukaryotic cells, ubiquitylation plays vital roles in many cellular processes, such as protein degradation, DNA metabolism, and cell differentiation. Substrate proteins can be tagged by distinct types of polymeric ubiquitin (Ub) chains, which determine the eventual fate of the modified protein. A facile, click chemistry based approach for the efficient generation of linkage-defined Ub chains, including Ub dimers, was recently established. Within these chains, individual Ub moieties are connected through a triazole linkage, rather than the natural isopeptide bond. Herein, it is reported that the conformation of an artificially K48-linked Ub dimer resembles that of the natively linked dimer, with respect to structural and dynamic characteristics, as demonstrated by means of high-resolution NMR spectroscopy. Thus, it is proposed that artificially linked Ub dimers, as generated by this approach, represent potent tools for studying the inherently different properties and functions of distinct Ub chains.	0
Abstract2class: Activation, Structure, Biosynthesis and Bioactivity of Glidobactin-like Proteasome Inhibitors from Photorhabdus laumondii Abstract: The glidobactin-like natural products (GLNPs) glidobactin A and cepafungin I have been reported to be potent proteasome inhibitors and are regarded as promising candidates for anticancer drug development. Their biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) plu1881-1877 is present in entomopathogenic Photorhabdus laumondii but silent under standard laboratory conditions. Here we show the largest subset of GLNPs, which are produced and identified after activation of the silent BGC in the native host and following heterologous expression of the BGC in Escherichia coli. Their chemical diversity results from a relaxed substrate specificity and flexible product release in the assembly line of GLNPs. Crystal structure analysis of the yeast proteasome in complex with new GLNPs suggests that the degree of unsaturation and the length of the aliphatic tail are critical for their bioactivity. The results in this study provide the basis to engineer the BGC for the generation of new GLNPs and to optimize these natural products resulting in potential drugs for cancer therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Phototemtide A, a Cyclic Lipopeptide Heterologously Expressed from Photorhabdus temperata Meg1, Shows Selective Antiprotozoal Activity Abstract: A new cyclic lipopeptide, phototemtide A (1), was isolated from Escherichia coli expressing the biosynthetic gene cluster pttABC from Photorhabdus temperata Meg1. The structure of 1 was elucidated by HR-ESI-MS and NMR experiments. The absolute configurations of amino acids and 3-hydroxyoctanoic acid in 1 were determined by using the advanced Marfey's method and comparison after total synthesis of 1, respectively. Additionally, three new minor derivatives, phototemtides B-D (2-4), were identified by detailed HPLC-MS analysis. Phototemtide A (1) showed weak antiprotozoal activity against Plasmodium falciparum, with an IC50 value of 9.8 μm. The biosynthesis of phototemtides A-D (1-4) was also proposed.	0
Abstract2class: SUMO-mimicking peptides inhibiting protein SUMOylation Abstract: The ubiquitin-like protein SUMO is transferred through a core E1-E2 cascade composed of the SUMO-activating enzyme (SAE) and Ubc9 to modify cellular proteins and transmit important biological signals. SAE primarily recognizes the C-terminal tail of SUMO and catalyzes ATP condensation with the SUMO C-terminal carboxylate to activate its transfer through the cascade. Here, we used phage display to show that a broad profile of SUMO C-terminal sequences could be activated by SAE. Based on this, we developed heptamer peptides that could 1) form thioester conjugates with SAE, 2) be transferred from SAE to Ubc9, and 3) be further transferred to the SUMOylation target protein RanGAP1. As these peptides recapitulate the action of SUMO in protein modification, we refer to them as "SUMO-mimicking peptides". We found that, once the peptides were conjugated to SAE and Ubc9, they blocked full-length SUMO from entering the cascade. These peptides can thus function as mechanism-based inhibitors of the protein SUMOylation reaction.	0
Abstract2class: Phage display to identify Nedd8-mimicking peptides as inhibitors of the Nedd8 transfer cascade Abstract: The Nedd8 activating enzyme (NAE) launches the transfer of the ubiquitin-like protein Nedd8 through an enzymatic cascade to covalently modify a diverse array of proteins, thus regulating their biological functions in the cell. The C-terminal peptide of Nedd8 extends deeply into the active site of NAE and plays an important role in the specific recognition of Nedd8 by NAE. We used phage display to profile C-terminal mutant sequences of Nedd8 that could be recognized by NAE for the activation reaction. We found that NAE can accommodate diverse changes in the Nedd8 C-terminal sequence (⁷¹ LALRGG⁷⁶), including Arg and Ile replacing Leu71, Leu, Ser, and Gln replacing Ala72, and substitutions by bulky aromatic residues at positions 73 and 74. We also observed that short peptides corresponding to the C-terminal sequences of the Nedd8 variants can be activated by NAE to form peptide~NAE thioester conjugates. Once NAE is covalently loaded with these Nedd8-mimicking peptides, it can no longer activate full-length Nedd8 for transfer to the neddylation targets, such as the cullin subunits of cullin-RING E3 ubiquitin ligases (CRLs). We have thus developed a new method to inhibit protein neddylation by Nedd8-mimicking peptides.	0
Abstract2class: DNA-scaffolded multivalent ligands to modulate cell function Abstract: We report a simple, versatile, multivalent ligand system that is capable of specifically and efficiently modulating cell-surface receptor clustering and function. The multivalent ligand is made of a polymeric DNA scaffold decorated with biorecognition ligands (i.e., antibodies) to interrogate and modulate cell receptor signaling and function. Using CD20 clustering-mediated apoptosis in B-cell cancer cells as a model system, we demonstrated that our multivalent ligand is significantly more effective at inducing apoptosis of target cancer cells than its monovalent counterpart. This multivalent DNA material approach represents a new chemical biology tool to interrogate cell receptor signaling and functions and to potentially manipulate such functions for the development of therapeutics.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical Reporters for Exploring Microbiology and Microbiota Mechanisms Abstract: The advances made in bioorthogonal chemistry and the development of chemical reporters have afforded new strategies to explore the targets and functions of specific metabolites in biology. These metabolite chemical reporters have been applied to diverse classes of bacteria including Gram-negative, Gram-positive, mycobacteria, and more complex microbiota communities. Herein we summarize the development and application of metabolite chemical reporters to study fundamental pathways in bacteria as well as microbiota mechanisms in health and disease.	0
Abstract2class: Structural Studies Provide New Insights into the Role of Lysine Acetylation on Substrate Recognition by CARM1 and Inform the Design of Potent Peptidomimetic Inhibitors Abstract: The dynamic interplay of post-translational modifications (PTMs) in chromatin provides a communication system for the regulation of gene expression. An increasing number of studies have highlighted the role that such crosstalk between PTMs plays in chromatin recognition. In this study, (bio)chemical and structural approaches were applied to specifically probe the impact of acetylation of Lys18 in the histone H3 tail peptide on peptide recognition by the protein methyltransferase coactivator-associated arginine methyltransferase 1 (CARM1). Peptidomimetics that recapitulate the transition state of protein arginine N-methyltransferases, were designed based on the H3 peptide wherein the target Arg17 was flanked by either a free or an acetylated lysine. Structural studies with these peptidomimetics and the catalytic domain of CARM1 provide new insights into the binding of the H3 peptide within the enzyme active site. While the co-crystal structures reveal that lysine acetylation results in minor conformational differences for both CARM1 and the H3 peptide, acetylation of Lys18 does lead to additional interactions (Van der Waals and hydrogen bonding) and likely reduces the cost of desolvation upon binding, resulting in increased affinity. Informed by these findings a series of smaller peptidomimetics were also prepared and found to maintain potent and selective CARM1 inhibition. These findings provide new insights both into the mechanism of crosstalk between arginine methylation and lysine acetylation as well as towards the development of peptidomimetic CARM1 inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Iron Acquisition by Bacterial Pathogens: Beyond Tris-Catecholate Complexes Abstract: Sequestration of the essential nutrient iron from bacterial invaders that colonize the vertebrate host is a central feature of nutritional immunity and the "fight over transition metals" at the host-pathogen interface. The iron quota for many bacterial pathogens is large, as iron enzymes often make up a significant share of the metalloproteome. Iron enzymes play critical roles in respiration, energy metabolism, and other cellular processes by catalyzing a wide range of oxidation-reduction, electron transfer, and oxygen activation reactions. In this Concept article, we discuss recent insights into the diverse ways that bacterial pathogens acquire this essential nutrient, beyond the well-characterized tris-catecholate FeIII complexes, in competition and cooperation with significant host efforts to cripple these processes. We also discuss pathogen strategies to adapt their metabolism to less-than-optimal iron concentrations, and briefly speculate on what might be an integrated adaptive response to the concurrent limitation of both iron and zinc in the infected host.	0
Abstract2class: Ratiometric Detection of Glutathione Based on Disulfide Linkage Rupture between a FRET Coumarin Donor and a Rhodamine Acceptor Abstract: Abnormal levels of glutathione, a cellular antioxidant, can lead to a variety of diseases. We have constructed a near-infrared ratiometric fluorescent probe to detect glutathione concentrations in biological samples. The probe consists of a coumarin donor, which is connected through a disulfide-tethered linker to a rhodamine acceptor. Under the excitation of the coumarin donor at 405 nm, the probe shows weak visible fluorescence of the coumarin donor at 470 nm and strong near-infrared fluorescence of the rhodamine acceptor at 652 nm due to efficient Forster resonance energy transfer (FRET) from the donor to the acceptor. Glutathione breaks the disulfide bond through reduction, which results in a dramatic increase in coumarin fluorescence and a corresponding decrease in rhodamine fluorescence. The probe possesses excellent cell permeability, biocompatibility, and good ratiometric fluorescence responses to glutathione and cysteine with a self-calibration capability. The probe was utilized to ratiometrically visualize glutathione concentration alterations in HeLa cells and Drosophila melanogaster larvae.	0
Abstract2class: Enzymatic Beacons for Specific Sensing of Dilute Nucleic Acid Abstract: Enzymatic beacons, or E-beacons, are 1 : 1 bioconjugates of the nanoluciferase enzyme linked covalently at its C-terminus to hairpin forming ssDNA equipped with a dark quencher. We prepared E-beacons biocatalytically using HhC, the promiscuous Hedgehog C-terminal protein-cholesterol ligase. HhC attached nanoluciferase site-specifically to mono-sterylated hairpin oligonucleotides, called steramers. Three E-beacon dark quenchers were evaluated: Iowa Black, Onyx-A, and dabcyl. Each quencher enabled sensitive, sequence-specific nucleic acid detection through enhanced E-beacon bioluminescence upon target hybridization. We assembled prototype dabcyl-quenched E-beacons specific for SARS-CoV-2. Targeting the E484 codon of the virus Spike protein, E-beacons (80×10-12 M) reported wild-type SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid at ≥1×10-9 M by increased bioluminescence of 8-fold. E-beacon prepared for the SARS-CoV-2 E484K variant functioned with similar sensitivity. Both E-beacons could discriminate their target from the E484Q mutation of the SARS-CoV-2 Kappa variant. Along with mismatch specificity, E-beacons are two to three orders of magnitude more sensitive than synthetic molecular beacons.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical Proteomics for Expanding the Druggability of Human Disease Abstract: Over the past decade, chemical proteomics has emerged as a powerful technique to understand small molecule and protein function in the physiological system and plays a key role in unravelling the cellular targets of pharmacological modulators. Chemical proteomics that integrates activity-based protein profiling (ABPP) with mass spectrometry has been introduced to evaluate small-molecule and protein interaction and expand the druggable proteome. A much larger fraction of the human proteome can now be targeted by small molecules than estimated by past predictions of protein druggability.	0
Abstract2class: Protection and Isolation of Bioorthogonal Metal Catalysts by Using Monolayer-Coated Nanozymes Abstract: We demonstrate here the protection of biorthogonal transition metal catalysts (TMCs) in biological environments by using self-assembled monolayers on gold nanoparticles (AuNPs). Encapsulation of TMCs in this hydrophobic environment preserves catalytic activity in presence of pH conditions and complex biological media that would deactivate free catalyst. Significantly, the protection affords by these nanozymes extends to isolation of the catalyst active site, as demonstrated by the independence of rate over a wide pH range, in strong contrast to the behavior of the free catalyst.	0
Abstract2class: Alpha-lactosylceramide as a novel "sugar-capped" CD1d ligand for natural killer T cells: biased cytokine profile and therapeutic activities Abstract: The invariant natural killer T cells (iNKT) cells have emerged as an important regulator of immunity to infection, cancer, and autoimmune diseases. They can be activated by glycolipids that bind to CD1d. The most effective iNKT ligand reported to date is alpha-galactosylceramide (alpha-GalCer), which stimulates iNKT cells to secrete both Th-1 and Th-2 cytokines. Indiscriminate induction of both types of cytokines could limit the therapeutic potential of iNKT ligands, as Th-1 and Th-2 cytokines play different roles under physiological and pathological conditions. Therefore, a ligand with a biased cytokine-release profile would be highly desirable. Here, we report the synthesis and biological activity of alpha-lactosylceramide (alpha-LacCer). Our data demonstrate that alpha-LacCer can stimulate iNKT cells to proliferate and release cytokines, both in vitro and in vivo. Interestingly, while alpha-LacCer is approximately 1000-times less efficient than alpha-GalCer in inducing Th-1 cytokines, it is as potent as alpha-GalCer in the induction of Th-2 cytokines; therefore, alpha-LacCer is a novel compound that induces a biased cytokine release. Processing by beta-glycosidase was critical for alpha-LacCer activity. Moreover, in vivo experiments suggest that alpha-LacCer is at least as potent as alpha-GalCer in the treatment of tumors and experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibitors of polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) synthases: synthesis, molecular docking, and implications Abstract: Polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) synthases (PhaCs) catalyze the formation of biodegradable PHAs that are considered to be ideal alternatives to non-biodegradable synthetic plastics. However, study of PhaCs has been challenging because the rate of PHA chain elongation is much faster than that of initiation. This difficulty, along with lack of a crystal structure, has become the main hurdle to understanding and engineering PhaCs for economical PHA production. Here we report the synthesis of two carbadethia CoA analogues--sT-CH2-CoA (26 a) and sTet-CH2-CoA (26 b)--as well as sT-aldehyde (saturated trimer aldehyde, 29), as new PhaC inhibitors. Study of these analogues with PhaECAv revealed that 26 a/b and 29 are competitive and mixed inhibitors, respectively. Both the CoA moiety and extension of PHA chain will increase binding affinity; this is consistent with our docking study. Estimation of the Kic values of 26 a and 26 b predicts that a CoA analogue incorporating an octameric hydroxybutanoate (HB) chain might facilitate the formation of a kinetically well-behaved synthase.	0
Abstract2class: Control of Protein Activity and Gene Expression by Cyclofen-OH Uncaging Abstract: The use of light to control the expression of genes and the activity of proteins is a rapidly expanding field. Whereas many of these approaches use fusion between a light-activable protein and the protein of interest to control the activity of the latter, it is also possible to control the activity of a protein by uncaging a specific ligand. In that context, controlling the activation of a protein fused to the modified estrogen receptor (ERT) by uncaging its ligand cyclofen-OH has emerged as a generic and versatile method to control the activation of proteins quantitatively, quickly, and locally in a live organism. We present that approach and its uses in a variety of physiological contexts.	0
Abstract2class: New WS9326A Derivatives and One New Annimycin Derivative with Antimalarial Activity are Produced by Streptomyces asterosporus DSM 41452 and Its Mutant Abstract: In this study, we report that Streptomyces asterosporus DSM 41452 is a producer of new molecules related to the nonribosomal cyclodepsipeptide WS9326A and the polyketide annimycin. S. asterosporus DSM 41452 is shown to produce six cyclodepsipeptides and peptides, WS9326A to G. Notably, the compounds WS9326F and WS9326G have not been described before. The genome of S. asterosporus DSM 41452 was sequenced, and a putative WS9326A gene cluster was identified. Gene-deletion experiments confirmed that this cluster was responsible for the biosynthesis of WS9326A to G. Additionally, a gene-deletion experiment demonstrated that sas16 encoding a cytochrome P450 monooxygenase was involved in the synthesis of the novel (E)-2,3-dehydrotyrosine residue found in WS9326A and its derivatives. An insertion mutation within the putative annimycin gene cluster led to the production of a new annimycin derivative, annimycin B, which exhibited modest inhibitory activity against Plasmodium falciparum.	0
Abstract2class: A high-throughput screen for chemical inhibitors of exocytic transport in yeast Abstract: Most of the components of the membrane and protein traffic machinery were discovered by perturbing their functions, either with bioactive compounds or by mutations. However, the mechanisms responsible for exocytic transport vesicle formation at the Golgi and endosomes are still largely unknown. Both the exocytic traffic routes and the signaling pathways that regulate these routes are highly complex and robust, so that defects can be overcome by alternate pathways or mechanisms. A classical yeast genetic screen designed to account for the robustness of the exocytic pathway identified a novel conserved gene, AVL9, which functions in late exocytic transport. We now describe a chemical-genetic version of the mutant screen, in which we performed a high-throughput phenotypic screen of a large compound library and identified novel small-molecule secretory inhibitors. To maximize the number and diversity of our hits, the screen was performed in a pdr5Delta snq2Delta mutant background, which lacks two transporters responsible for pleiotropic drug resistance. However, we found that deletion of both transporters reduced the fitness of our screen strain, whereas the pdr5Delta mutation had a relatively small effect on growth and was also the more important transporter mutation for conferring sensitivity to our hits. In this and similar chemical-genetic yeast screens, using just a single pump mutation might be sufficient for increasing hit diversity while minimizing the physiological effects of transporter mutations.	0
Abstract2class: 1,8-Naphthalimide Derivative Dyes with Large Stokes Shifts for Targeting Live-Cell Mitochondria Abstract: An ideal fluorescent dye for staining cell organelles should have multiple properties including specificity, stability, biocompatibility, and a large Stokes shift. Tunable photophysical properties enable 1,8-naphthalimide to serve as an excellent fluorophore in biomedical applications. Many naphthalimide derivatives have been developed into drugs, sensors, and other dyes. In this study, a series of 1,8-naphthalimide derivatives targeting live cell mitochondria were synthesized. Among these probes, Mt-4 was characterized as the best one, with highly specific mitochondrial localization, low cytotoxicity, and a large Stokes shift. More importantly, Mt-4 stood out as a potential mitochondrial dye for living-cell experiments involving induced mitochondrial stress arising from the treatments because Mt-4 shows enhanced fluorescence in mitochondrial stress situations.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering new protein-protein interactions on the β-propeller fold by yeast cell surface display Abstract: REINVENTING THE WHEEL: The β-propeller domain folds like a wheel to provide key protein-protein interactions in the cell. Here we used high-throughput yeast sorting to "invent" β-propellers of new binding specificities with cellular targets.	0
Abstract2class: Recent Applications of Carbon-Nitrogen Lyases in Asymmetric Synthesis of Noncanonical Amino Acids and Heterocyclic Compounds Abstract: Carbon-nitrogen (C-N) lyases are enzymes that normally catalyze the cleavage of C-N bonds. Reversing this reaction towards carbon-nitrogen bond formation can be a powerful approach to prepare valuable compounds that could find applications in everyday life. This review focuses on recent (last five years) applications of native and engineered C-N lyases, either as stand-alone biocatalysts or as part of multienzymatic and chemoenzymatic cascades, in enantioselective synthesis of noncanonical amino acids and dinitrogen-fused heterocycles, which are useful tools for neurobiological research and important synthetic precursors to pharmaceuticals and food additives.	0
Abstract2class: A simple strategy for glycosyltransferase-catalyzed aminosugar nucleotide synthesis Abstract: A set of 2-chloro-4-nitrophenyl glucosamino-/xylosaminosides were synthesized and assessed as potential substrates in the context of glycosyltransferase-catalyzed formation of the corresponding UDP/TDP-α-D-glucosamino-/xylosaminosugars and in single-vessel model transglycosylation reactions. This study highlights a robust platform for aminosugar nucleotide synthesis and reveals OleD Loki to be a proficient catalyst for U/TDP-aminosugar synthesis and utilization	0
Abstract2class: 5-Stabilized phosphatidylinositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate analogues bind Grp1 PH, inhibit phosphoinositide phosphatases, and block neutrophil migration Abstract: Metabolically stabilized analogues of PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 have shown long-lived agonist activity for cellular events and selective inhibition of lipid phosphatase activity. We describe an efficient asymmetric synthesis of two 5-phosphatase-resistant analogues of PtdIns(3,4,5)P3, the 5-methylene phosphonate (MP) and 5-phosphorothioate (PT). Furthermore, we illustrate the biochemical and biological activities of five stabilized PtdIns(3,4,5)P3 analogues in four contexts. First, the relative binding affinities of the 3-MP, 3-PT, 5-MP, 5-PT, and 3,4,5-PT3 analogues to the Grp1 PH domain are shown, as determined by NMR spectroscopy. Second, the enzymology of the five analogues is explored, showing the relative efficiency of inhibition of SHIP1, SHIP2, and phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN), as well as the greatly reduced ability of these phosphatases to process these analogues as substrates as compared to PtdIns(3,4,5)P3. Third, exogenously delivered analogues severely impair complement factor C5a-mediated polarization and migration of murine neutrophils. Finally, the new analogues show long-lived agonist activity in mimicking insulin action in sodium transport in A6 cells.	0
Abstract2class: The in vitro characterization of polyene glycosyltransferases AmphDI and NysDI Abstract: The overproduction, purification, and in vitro characterization of the polyene glycosyltransferases (GTs) AmphDI and NysDI are reported. A novel nucleotidyltransferase mutant (RmlA Q83D) for the chemoenzymatic synthesis of unnatural GDP-sugar donors in conjunction with polyene GT-catalyzed sugar exchange/reverse reactions allowed the donor and acceptor specificities of these novel enzymes to be probed. The evaluation of polyene GT aglycon and GDP-sugar donor specificity revealed some tolerance to aglycon structural diversity, but stringent sugar specificity, and culminated in new polyene analogues in which L-gulose or D-mannose replace the native sugar D-mycosamine.	0
Abstract2class: Pyridone Luciferins and Mutant Luciferases for Bioluminescence Imaging Abstract: New applications for bioluminescence imaging require an expanded set of luciferase enzymes and luciferin substrates. Here, we report two novel luciferins for use in vitro and in cells. These molecules comprise regioisomeric pyridone cores that can be accessed from a common synthetic route. The analogues exhibited unique emission spectra with firefly luciferase, although photon intensities remained weak. Enhanced light outputs were achieved by using mutant luciferase enzymes. One of the luciferin-luciferase pairs produced light on par with native probes in live cells. The pyridone analogues and complementary luciferases add to a growing set of designer probes for bioluminescence imaging.	0
Abstract2class: Towards reassigning the rare AGG codon in Escherichia coli Abstract: The rare AGG codon in Escherichia coli has been reassigned to code non-canonical amino acids (ncAAs) by using the PylRS-tRNA(Pyl)(CCU) pair. When N(ε) -alloc-lysine was used as a PylRS substrate, almost quantitative occupancy of N(ε) -alloc-lysine at an AGG codon site was achieved in minimal medium. ncAAs can be potentially incorporated at the AGG codon with varying efficiencies, depending on their activities towards corresponding enzymes. As AGG is a sense codon, the approach reported here resolves the typical low ncAA incorporation issue that has been associated with ncAA mutagenesis and therefore allows bulk preparation of proteins with site-selectively incorporated ncAAs for applications such as therapeutic protein production.	0
Abstract2class: A TR-FRET-based functional assay for screening activators of CARM1 Abstract: Epigenetics is an emerging field that demands selective cell-permeable chemical probes to perturb, especially in vivo, the activity of specific enzymes involved in modulating the epigenetic codes. Coactivator-associated arginine methyltransferase 1 (CARM1) is a coactivator of estrogen receptor α (ERα), the main target in human breast cancer. We previously showed that twofold overexpression of CARM1 in MCF7 breast cancer cells increased the expression of ERα-target genes involved in differentiation and reduced cell proliferation, thus leading to the hypothesis that activating CARM1 by chemical activators might be therapeutically effective in breast cancer. Selective, potent, cell-permeable CARM1 activators will be essential to test this hypothesis. Here we report the development of a cell-based, time-resolved (TR) FRET assay that uses poly(A) binding protein 1 (PABP1) methylation to monitor cellular activity of CARM1. The LanthaScreen TR-FRET assay uses MCF7 cells expressing GFP-PABP1 fusion protein through BacMam gene delivery system, methyl-PABP1 specific antibody, and terbium-labeled secondary antibody. This assay has been validated as reflecting the expression and/or activity of CARM1 and optimized for high throughput screening to identify CARM1 allosteric activators. This TR-FRET platform serves as a generic tool for functional screening of cell-permeable, chemical modulators of CARM1 for elucidation of its in vivo functions.	0
Abstract2class: Cell-Free Protein Synthesis: Pros and Cons of Prokaryotic and Eukaryotic Systems Abstract: From its start as a small-scale in vitro system to study fundamental translation processes, cell-free protein synthesis quickly rose to become a potent platform for the high-yield production of proteins. In contrast to classical in vivo protein expression, cell-free systems do not need time-consuming cloning steps, and the open nature provides easy manipulation of reaction conditions as well as high-throughput potential. Especially for the synthesis of difficult to express proteins, such as toxic and transmembrane proteins, cell-free systems are of enormous interest. The modification of the genetic code to incorporate non-canonical amino acids into the target protein in particular provides enormous potential in biotechnology and pharmaceutical research and is in the focus of many cell-free projects. Many sophisticated cell-free systems for manifold applications have been established. This review describes the recent advances in cell-free protein synthesis and details the expanding applications in this field.	0
Abstract2class: A Luminescence-Based Coupled Enzyme Assay Enables High-Throughput Quantification of the Bacterial Second Messenger 3'3'-Cyclic-Di-AMP Abstract: Cyclic dinucleotide signaling systems, which are found ubiquitously throughout nature, allow organisms to rapidly and dynamically sense and respond to alterations in their environments. In recent years, the second messenger, cyclic di-(3',5')-adenosine monophosphate (c-di-AMP), has been identified as an essential signaling molecule in a diverse array of bacterial genera. We and others have shown that defects in c-di-AMP homeostasis result in severe physiological defects and virulence attenuation in many bacterial species. Despite significant advancements in the field, there is still a major gap in the understanding of the environmental and cellular factors that influence c-di-AMP dynamics due to a lack of tools to sensitively and rapidly monitor changes in c-di-AMP levels. To address this limitation, we describe here the development of a luciferase-based coupled enzyme assay that leverages the cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase, CnpB, for the sensitive and high-throughput quantification of 3'3'-c-di-AMP. We also demonstrate the utility of this approach for the quantification of the cyclic oligonucleotide-based anti-phage signaling system (CBASS) effector, 3'3'-cGAMP. These findings establish CDA-Luc as a more affordable and sensitive alternative to conventional c-di-AMP detection tools with broad utility for the study of bacterial cyclic dinucleotide physiology.	0
Abstract2class: Versatile Interacting Peptide (VIP) Tags for Labeling Proteins with Bright Chemical Reporters Abstract: Fluorescence microscopy is an essential tool for the biosciences, enabling the direct observation of proteins in their cellular environment. New methods that facilitate attachment of photostable synthetic fluorophores with genetic specificity are needed to advance the frontiers of biological imaging. Here, we describe a new set of small, selective, genetically encoded tags for proteins based on a heterodimeric coiled-coil interaction between two peptides: CoilY and CoilZ. Proteins expressed as a fusion to CoilZ were selectively labeled with the complementary CoilY fluorescent probe peptide. Fluorophore-labeled target proteins were readily detected in cell lysates with high specificity and sensitivity. We found that these versatile interacting peptide (VIP) tags allowed rapid and specific delivery of bright organic dyes or quantum dots to proteins displayed on living cells. Additionally, we validated that either CoilY or CoilZ could serve as the VIP tag, which enabled us to observe two distinct cell-surface protein targets with this one heterodimeric pair.	0
Abstract2class: 5-thiomannosides block the biosynthesis of dolichol-linked oligosaccharides and mimic class I congenital disorders of glycosylation Abstract: In a cell-based assay for novel inhibitors, we have discovered that two glycosides of 5-thiomannose, each containing an interglycosidic nitrogen atom, prevented the correct zymogen processing of the prohormone proopiomelanocortinin (POMC) and the transcription factor sterol-regulatory element-binding protein-2 (SREBP-2) in mouse pituitary cells and Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells, respectively. In the case of SREBP-2, these effects were correlated with the altered N-linked glycosylation of subtilisin/kexin-like isozyme-1 (SKI-1), the protease responsible for SREBP-2 processing under sterol-limiting conditions. Further examination of the effects of these compounds in CHO cells showed that they cause extensive protein hypoglycosylation in a manner similar to type I congenital disorders of glycosylation (CDGs) since the remaining N-glycans in treated cells were complete (normal) structures. The under-glycosylation of glycoproteins in 5-thiomannoside-treated cells is now shown to be caused by the compromised biosynthesis of the dolichol-linked oligosaccharide (DLO) N-glycosylation donor, although the nucleotide sugars required for the synthesis of DLOs were neither reduced under these conditions, nor were their effects reversed upon the addition of exogenous mannose. Analysis of DLO intermediates by fluorophore-assisted carbohydrate electrophoresis demonstrated that 5-thiomannose-containing glycosides block DLO biosynthesis most likely at a stage prior to the GlcNAc(2) Man(3) intermediate, on the cytosolic face of the endoplasmic reticulum.	0
Abstract2class: Turncoat Polypeptides: We Adapt to Our Environment Abstract: A common interpretation of Anfinsen's hypothesis states that one amino acid sequence should fold into a single, native, ordered state, or a highly similar set thereof, coinciding with the global minimum in the folding-energy landscape, which, in turn, is responsible for the function of the protein. However, this classical view is challenged by many proteins and peptide sequences, which can adopt exchangeable, significantly dissimilar conformations that even fulfill different biological roles. The similarities and differences of concepts related to these proteins, mainly chameleon sequences, metamorphic proteins, and switch peptides, which are all denoted herein "turncoat" polypeptides, are reviewed. As well as adding a twist to the conventional view of protein folding, the lack of structural definition adds clear versatility to the activity of proteins and can be used as a tool for protein design and further application in biotechnology and biomedicine.	0
Abstract2class: Aptamers can discriminate alkaline proteins with high specificity Abstract: Aptamers are single-stranded nucleic acids that fold into stable three-dimensional structures with ligand binding sites that are complementary in shape and charge to a desired target. Aptamers are generated by an iterative process known as in vitro selection, which permits their isolation from pools of random sequences. While aptamers have been selected to bind a wide range of targets, it is generally thought that these molecules are incapable of discriminating strongly alkaline proteins due to the attractive forces that govern oppositely charged polymers (e.g., polyelectrolyte effect). Histones, eukaryotic proteins that make up the core structure of nucleosomes are attractive targets for exploring the binding properties of aptamers because these proteins have positively charged surfaces that bind DNA through noncovalent sequence-independent interactions. Previous selections by our lab and others have yielded DNA aptamers with high affinity but low specificity to individual histone proteins. Whether this is a general limitation of aptamers is an interesting question with important practical implications in the future development of protein affinity reagents. Here we report the in vitro selection of a DNA aptamer that binds to histone H4 with a K(d) of 13 nM and distinguishes other core histone proteins with 100 to 480-fold selectivity, which corresponds to a ΔΔG of up to 3.4 kcal mol(-1) . This result extends our fundamental understanding of aptamers and their ability to fold into shapes that selectively bind alkaline proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Genetically targetable and color-switching fluorescent probe Abstract: Color bind: We have developed a probe TMR-para-MG that switches its fluorescence emission upon binding to a fluorogen-activating protein (FAP). In cells that express FAP, this dye labels target sites in one color and mitochondria in another color, thus it might be a suitable tool for monitoring changes in mitochondrial membrane potential.	0
Abstract2class: Light-Dependent Cytoplasmic Recruitment Enhances the Dynamic Range of a Nuclear Import Photoswitch Abstract: Cellular signal transduction is often regulated at multiple steps to achieve more complex logic or precise control of a pathway. For instance, some signaling mechanisms couple allosteric activation with localization to achieve high signal to noise. Here, we create a system for light-activated nuclear import that incorporates two levels of control. It consists of a nuclear import photoswitch, light-activated nuclear shuttle (LANS), and a protein engineered to preferentially interact with LANS in the dark, Zdk2. First, Zdk2 is tethered to a location in the cytoplasm that sequesters LANS in the dark. Second, LANS incorporates a nuclear localization signal (NLS) that is sterically blocked from binding to the nuclear import machinery in the dark. If activated with light, LANS both dissociates from its tethered location and exposes its NLS, which leads to nuclear accumulation. We demonstrate that this coupled system improves the dynamic range of LANS in mammalian cells, yeast, and Caenorhabditis elegans and provides tighter control of transcription factors that have been fused to LANS.	0
Abstract2class: Protein Domain Specific Covalent Inhibition of Human DNA Polymerase β Abstract: DNA polymerase β (Pol β) is a frequently overexpressed and/or mutated bifunctional repair enzyme. Pol β possesses polymerase and lyase active sites, that are employed in two steps of base excision repair. Pol β is an attractive therapeutic target for which there is a need for inhibitors. Two mechanistically inspired covalent inhibitors (1, IC50 =21.0 μM; 9, IC50 =18.7 μM) that modify lysine residues in different Pol β active sites are characterized. Despite modifying lysine residues in different active sites, 1 and 9 inactivate the polymerase and lyase activities of Pol β. Fluorescence anisotropy experiments indicate that they do so by preventing DNA binding. Inhibitors 1 and 9 provide the basis for a general approach to preparing domain selective inhibitors of bifunctional polymerases. Such molecules could prove to be useful tools for studying the role of wild type and mutant forms of Pol β and other polymerases in DNA repair.	0
Abstract2class: Shear-stress-mediated refolding of proteins from aggregates and inclusion bodies Abstract: Recombinant protein overexpression of large proteins in bacteria often results in insoluble and misfolded proteins directed to inclusion bodies. We report the application of shear stress in micrometer-wide, thin fluid films to refold boiled hen egg white lysozyme, recombinant hen egg white lysozyme, and recombinant caveolin-1. Furthermore, the approach allowed refolding of a much larger protein, cAMP-dependent protein kinase A (PKA). The reported methods require only minutes, which is more than 100 times faster than conventional overnight dialysis. This rapid refolding technique could significantly shorten times, lower costs, and reduce waste streams associated with protein expression for a wide range of industrial and research applications.	0
Abstract2class: Photochemical regulation of restriction endonuclease activity Abstract: Removal by the light: The photochemical regulation of restriction endonucleases, which are important enzymes in molecular biology, has been investigated. Photolabile protecting groups have been installed on DNA substrates and have been demonstrated to inhibit restriction endonuclease activity until removed by UV light irradiation. Interestingly, these groups do not appear to dramatically affect initial binding of the enzyme to the DNA substrate, but rather prevent recognition of the specific cleavage site.	0
Abstract2class: The puzzle of RNAs that target gene promoters Abstract: Setting the right target: Most researchers who use small RNAs in mammalian cells assume that mRNA will be the target. Recent studies suggest that small RNAs can also target chromosomal DNA. Few discoveries have had the impact of RNAi. Most researchers who use small RNAs to control gene expression in mammalian cells assume that mRNA will be the target. Recent studies, however, have suggested that small RNAs can also target chromosomal DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Capture of uropathogenic E. coli by using synthetic glycan ligands specific for the pap-pilus Abstract: Biotinylated mono- and biantennary di-/trisaccharides were synthesized to evaluate their ability to capture E. coli strains that express pilus types with different receptor specificities. The synthesized biotinylated di-/trisaccharides contain Galα(1→4)Gal, Galα(1→4)GalNHAc, GalNHAcα(1→4)Gal, Galα(1→4)Galβ(1→4)Glc and GalNHAcα(1→4)Galβ(1→4)Glc as carbohydrate epitopes. These biotinylated oligosaccharides were immobilized on streptavidin-coated magnetic beads, and incubated with different strains of live E. coli. Capturing ability was assessed by using a luciferase assay that detects bacterial ATP. The trisaccharides containing Galα(1→4)Galβ(1→4)Glc and the disaccharides containing Galα(1→4)Gal as the epitopes exhibited strong capturing ability for uropathogenic E. coli strains with the pap pilus genotype, including CFT073, J96 and J96 pilE. The same ligands failed to capture E. coli strains with fim, prs, or foc genotypes. Uropathogenic CFT073 was also captured moderately by biantennary disaccharides containing a GalNHAc moiety at the reducing end; however, other saccharides containing GalNHAc at the nonreducing end did not capture the CFT073 strain. These synthetic glycoconjugates could potentially be adapted as rapid diagnostic agents to differentiate between different E. coli pathovars.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical Synthesis of GM2 Glycans, Bioconjugation with Bacteriophage Qβ, and the Induction of Anticancer Antibodies Abstract: The development of carbohydrate-based antitumor vaccines is an attractive approach towards tumor prevention and treatment. Herein, we focused on the ganglioside GM2 tumor-associated carbohydrate antigen (TACA), which is overexpressed in a wide range of tumor cells. GM2 was synthesized chemically and conjugated with a virus-like particle derived from bacteriophage Qβ. Although the copper-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition reaction efficiently introduced 237 copies of GM2 per Qβ, this construct failed to induce significant amounts of anti-GM2 antibodies compared to the Qβ control. In contrast, GM2 immobilized on Qβ through a thiourea linker elicited high titers of IgG antibodies that recognized GM2-positive tumor cells and effectively induced cell lysis through complement-mediated cytotoxicity. Thus, bacteriophage Qβ is a suitable platform to boost antibody responses towards GM2, a representative member of an important class of TACA: the ganglioside.	0
Abstract2class: Modulation and Visualization of EF-G Power Stroke During Ribosomal Translocation Abstract: During ribosome translocation, the elongation factor EF-G undergoes large conformational change while maintaining its contact with the moving tRNA. We previously measured a power stroke accompanying EF-G catalysis, which was consistent with structural studies. However, the role of power stroke in translocation fidelity remains unclear. Here, we report quantitative measurements of the power strokes of structurally modified EF-Gs by using two different techniques and reveal the correlation between power stroke and translocation efficiency and fidelity. We discovered that the reduced power stroke only lowered the percentage of translocation but did not introduce translocation error. The established force -structure-function correlation for EF-G indicates that power stroke drives ribosomal translocation, but the mRNA reading frame is probably maintained by ribosome itself. Furthermore, the microscope detection method reported here can be simply implemented for other biochemical applications.	0
Abstract2class: Physicochemical Characterization of Polymer-Stabilized Coacervate Protocells Abstract: The bottom-up construction of cell mimics has produced a range of membrane-bound protocells that have been endowed with functionality and biochemical processes reminiscent of living systems. The contents of these compartments, however, experience semidilute conditions, whereas macromolecules in the cytosol exist in protein-rich, crowded environments that affect their physicochemical properties, such as diffusion and catalytic activity. Recently, complex coacervates have emerged as attractive protocellular models because their condensed interiors would be expected to mimic this crowding better. Here we explore some relevant physicochemical properties of a recently developed polymer-stabilized coacervate system, such as the diffusion of macromolecules in the condensed coacervate phase, relative to in dilute solutions, the buffering capacity of the core, the molecular organization of the polymer membrane, the permeability characteristics of this membrane towards a wide range of compounds, and the behavior of a simple enzymatic reaction. In addition, either the coacervate charge or the cargo charge is engineered to allow the selective loading of protein cargo into the coacervate protocells. Our in-depth characterization has revealed that these polymer-stabilized coacervate protocells have many desirable properties, thus making them attractive candidates for the investigation of biochemical processes in stable, controlled, tunable, and increasingly cell-like environments.	0
Abstract2class: 3-substituted indazoles as configurationally locked 4EGI-1 mimetics and inhibitors of the eIF4E/eIF4G interaction Abstract: 4EGI-1, the prototypic inhibitor of eIF4E/eIF4G interaction, was identified in a high-throughput screening of small-molecule libraries with the aid of a fluorescence polarization assay that measures inhibition of binding of an eIF4G-derived peptide to recombinant eIF4E. As such, the molecular probe 4EGI-1 has potential for the study of molecular mechanisms involved in human disorders characterized by loss of physiological restraints on translation initiation. A hit-to-lead optimization campaign was carried out to overcome the configurational instability in 4EGI-1, which stems from the E-to-Z isomerization of the hydrazone function. We identified compound 1 a, in which the labile hydrazone was incorporated into a rigid indazole scaffold, as a promising rigidified 4EGI-1 mimetic lead. In a structure-activity relationship study directed towards probing the structural latitude of this new chemotype as an inhibitor of eIF4E/eIF4G interaction and translation initiation we identified 1 d, an indazole-based 4EGI-1 mimetic, as a new and improved lead inhibitor of eIF4E/eIF4G interaction and a promising molecular probe candidate for elucidation of the role of cap-dependent translation initiation in a host of pathophysiological states.	0
Abstract2class: An adaptable luminescence resonance energy transfer assay for measuring and screening protein-protein interactions and their inhibition Abstract: Protein-protein interactions (PPIs) are central to biological processes and represent an important class of therapeutic targets. Here we show that the interaction between FK506-binding protein 12 fused to green fluorescent protein (GFP-FKBP) and the rapamycin-binding domain of mTor fused to Escherichia coli dihydrofolate reductase (FRB-eDHFR) can be sensitively detected (signal-to-background ratio (S/B)>100) and accurately quantified within an impure cell lysate matrix using a luminescence resonance energy transfer (LRET) assay. Ascomycin-mediated inhibition of GFP-FKBP-rapamycin-FRB-eDHFR complex formation was also detected at high S/B ratio (>80) and Z'-factor (0.89). The method leverages the selective, stable binding of trimethoprim (TMP)-terbium complex conjugates to eDHFR, and time-resolved, background-free detection of the long-lifetime (∼ms) terbium-to-GFP LRET signal that indicates target binding. TMP-eDHFR labeling can be adapted to develop high-throughput screening assays and complementary, quantitative counter-screens for a wide variety of PPI targets with a broad range of affinities that may not be amenable to purification.	0
Abstract2class: SP3-FAIMS Chemoproteomics for High-Coverage Profiling of the Human Cysteinome* Abstract: Chemoproteomics has enabled the rapid and proteome-wide discovery of functional, redox-sensitive, and ligandable cysteine residues. Despite widespread adoption and considerable advances in both sample-preparation workflows and MS instrumentation, chemoproteomics experiments still typically only identify a small fraction of all cysteines encoded by the human genome. Here, we develop an optimized sample-preparation workflow that combines enhanced peptide labeling with single-pot, solid-phase-enhanced sample-preparation (SP3) to improve the recovery of biotinylated peptides, even from small sample sizes. By combining this improved workflow with on-line high-field asymmetric waveform ion mobility spectrometry (FAIMS) separation of labeled peptides, we achieve unprecedented coverage of >14000 unique cysteines in a single-shot 70 min experiment. Showcasing the wide utility of the SP3-FAIMS chemoproteomic method, we find that it is also compatible with competitive small-molecule screening by isotopic tandem orthogonal proteolysis-activity-based protein profiling (isoTOP-ABPP). In aggregate, our analysis of 18 samples from seven cell lines identified 34225 unique cysteines using only ∼28 h of instrument time. The comprehensive spectral library and improved coverage provided by the SP3-FAIMS chemoproteomics method will provide the technical foundation for future studies aimed at deciphering the functions and druggability of the human cysteineome.	0
Abstract2class: Functional dissection of a multimodular polypeptide of the pikromycin polyketide synthase into monomodules by using a matched pair of heterologous docking domains Abstract: The pikromyin polyketide synthase (PKS) in Streptomyces venezulae is comprised of a loading module and six extension modules, which generate the corresponding 14-membered macrolactone product. PikAI is a multimodular component of this PKS and houses both the loading domain and the first two extension modules, joined by short intraprotein linkers. We have shown that PikAI can be separated into two proteins at either of these linkers, only when matched pairs of docking domains (DDs) from a heterologous modular phoslactomycin PKS are used in place of the intraprotein linker. In both cases the yields of pikromycin produced by the S. venezuelae mutant were 50% of that of a S. venezuelae strain expressing the native trimodular PikAI. This observation provides the first demonstration that such separations do not dramatically impact the efficiency of the entire in vivo biosynthetic process. Expression of module 2 as a monomodular protein fused to a heterologous N-terminal docking domain was also observed to give almost a tenfold improvement in the in vivo generation of pikromycin from a synthetic diketide intermediate. These results demonstrate the utility of DDs to manipulate biosynthetic processes catalyzed by modular PKSs and the quest to generate novel polyketide products.	0
Abstract2class: Helicase-Dependent Isothermal Amplification of DNA and RNA by Using Self-Avoiding Molecular Recognition Systems Abstract: Assays that detect DNA or RNA (xNA) are highly sensitive, as small amounts of xNA can be amplified by PCR. Unfortunately, PCR is inconvenient in low-resource environments, and requires equipment and power that might not be available in these environments. Isothermal procedures, which avoid thermal cycling, are often confounded by primer dimers, off-target priming, and other artifacts. Here, we show how a "self avoiding molecular recognition system" (SAMRS) eliminates these artifacts and gives clean amplicons in a helicase-dependent isothermal amplification (SAMRS-HDA). We also show that incorporating SAMRS into the 3'-ends of primers facilitates the design and screening of primers for HDA assays. Finally, we show that SAMRS-HDA can be twofold multiplexed, difficult to achieve with HDA using standard primers. Thus, SAMRS-HDA is a more versatile approach than standard HDA, with a broader applicability for xNA-targeted diagnostics and research.	0
Abstract2class: Simplified synthetic TMC-95A/B analogues retain the potency of proteasome inhibitory activity Abstract: The proteasome regulates diverse intracellular processes, including cell-cycle progression, antigen presentation, and inflammatory response. Selective inhibitors of the proteasome have great therapeutic potential for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory disorders. Natural cyclic peptides TMC-95A and B represent a new class of noncovalent, selective proteasome inhibitors. To explore the structure-activity relationship of this class of proteasome inhibitors, a series of TMC-95A/B analogues were prepared and analyzed. We found that the unique enamide functionality at the C8 position of TMC-95s can be replaced with a simple allylamide. The asymmetric center at C36 that distinguishes TMC-95A from TMC-95B but which necessitates a complicated separation of the two compounds can be eliminated. Therefore, these findings could lead to the development of more accessible simple analogues as potential therapeutic agents.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of an inhibitory mechanism of luteolin on the insulin-like growth factor-1 ligand-receptor interaction Abstract: Using single-molecule force measurement and fluorescence imaging, we have demonstrated that luteolin has an inhibitory effect on IGF-1 ligand-receptor binding, the initial step in IGF-1 signaling. This inhibition mechanism, which was confirmed by flow cytometry and molecular docking, could play a role in cancer therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient Synthesis of Light-Triggered Circular Antisense Oligonucleotides Targeting Cellular Protein Expression Abstract: Light-activated ("caged") antisense oligonucleotides are powerful molecules for regulating gene expression at submicron spatial resolution through the focal modulation of endogenous cellular processes. Cyclized caged oligos are particularly promising structures because of their inherent stability and similarity to naturally occurring circular DNA and RNA molecules. Here, we introduce an efficient route for cyclizing an antisense oligodeoxynucleotide incorporating a photocleavable linker. Oligo cyclization was achieved for several sequences in nearly quantitative yields through intramolecular copper(I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition (CuAAC). Caging stability and light activation were characterized by FRET efficiency, denaturing gel assay, and melting temperature measurements. Finally, a cyclized caged oligo was designed to target gfap, and it gave a tenfold reduction in glial fibrillary acidic protein upon photoactivation in astrocytes.	0
Abstract2class: Histone Tail Sequences Balance Their Role in Genetic Regulation and the Need To Protect DNA against Destruction in Nucleosome Core Particles Containing Abasic Sites Abstract: Abasic sites (AP) are produced 10 000 times per day in a single cell. Strand cleavage at AP is accelerated ≈100-fold within a nucleosome core particle (NCP) compared to free DNA. The lysine-rich N-terminal tails of histone proteins catalyze single-strand breaks through a mechanism used by base-excision-repair enzymes, despite the general dearth of glutamic acid, aspartic acid, and histidine-the amino acids that are typically responsible for deprotonation of Schiff base intermediates. Incorporating glutamic acid, aspartic acid, or histidine proximal to lysine residues in histone N-terminal tails increases AP reactivity as much as sixfold. The rate acceleration is due to more facile DNA cleavage of Schiff-base intermediates. These observations raise the possibility that histone proteins could have evolved to minimize the presence of histidine, glutamic acid, and aspartic acid in their lysine-rich N-terminal tails to guard against enhancing the toxic effects of DNA damage.	0
Abstract2class: Enhanced Cleavage at Abasic Sites within Clustered Lesions in Nucleosome Core Particles Abstract: Clustered lesions are a hallmark of γ-radiolysis, but are produced by other damaging agents as well. Bistranded clustered lesions are precursors to double-strand breaks and are challenging to repair, thus making them an especially deleterious form of DNA damage. An abasic site (AP) is an alkaline-labile lesion frequently present in clustered lesions. Strand scission at an AP site is accelerated ≈100-fold in nucleosome core particles (NCPs). We examined how AP reactivity was affected within clustered lesions in NCPs. The rate constant of strand scission is increased as much as 2.5-fold in the presence of a proximal abasic site or thymidine glycol in the complementary strand. A proximal mispair has a similar effect on AP reactivity. Increased AP reactivity within a clustered lesion correlates with decreased UV melting temperatures of the corresponding duplexes compared to one containing an isolated abasic site. However, the thermodynamics of duplex melting do not correlate with AP reactivity within different clustered lesions. Overall, increased AP reactivity within clustered lesions is attributed to greater access of histone proteins to the lesion due to decreased duplex stability.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical Protein Ubiquitylation with Preservation of the Native Cysteine Residues Abstract: We report a cysteine-based ligation strategy for generating a monoubiquitylated protein while preserving the native cysteine residues on the acceptor protein. In monoubiquitylation of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) this method circumvents the need to mutate the native cysteine residues on PCNA. The chemically ubiquitylated PCNA contains a noncleavable linkage of the same length as the native isopeptide linkage. It also retains the normal function of the native Ub-PCNA in stimulating the ATPase activity of replication factor C (RFC) and lesion bypass synthesis by Polη. This method may be adapted for chemical ubiquitylation of other proteins and for site-specific modification of a target protein at a specific site through sulfhydryl chemistry.	0
Abstract2class: A general method for artificial metalloenzyme formation through strain-promoted azide-alkyne cycloaddition Abstract: Strain-promoted azide-alkyne cycloaddition (SPAAC) can be used to generate artificial metalloenzymes (ArMs) from scaffold proteins containing a p-azido-L-phenylalanine (Az) residue and catalytically active bicyclononyne-substituted metal complexes. The high efficiency of this reaction allows rapid ArM formation when using Az residues within the scaffold protein in the presence of cysteine residues or various reactive components of cellular lysate. In general, cofactor-based ArM formation allows the use of any desired metal complex to build unique inorganic protein materials. SPAAC covalent linkage further decouples the native function of the scaffold from the installation process because it is not affected by native amino acid residues; as long as an Az residue can be incorporated, an ArM can be generated. We have demonstrated the scope of this method with respect to both the scaffold and cofactor components and established that the dirhodium ArMs generated can catalyze the decomposition of diazo compounds and both Si-H and olefin insertion reactions involving these carbene precursors.	0
Abstract2class: Damage detection and base flipping in direct DNA alkylation repair Abstract: THE FOREIGN LESION: The mechanistic questions for DNA base damage detection by repair proteins are discussed in this Minireview. Repair proteins could either probe and locate a weakened base pair that results from base damage, or passively capture an extrahelical base lesion in the first step of damage searching on double-stranded DNA. How some repair proteins, such as AGT (see figure), locate base lesions in DNA is still not fully understood.To remove a few damaged bases efficiently from the context of the entire genome, the DNA base repair proteins rely on remarkably specific detection mechanisms to locate base lesions. This efficient molecular recognition event inside cells has been extensively studied with various structural and biochemical tools. These studies suggest that DNA base damage can be located by repair proteins by using two mechanisms: a repair protein can probe and detect a weakened base pair that results from mutagenic or cytotoxic base damage; alternatively, a protein can passively capture and stabilize an extrahelical base lesion. Our chemical and structural studies on the direct DNA repair proteins hAGT, C-Ada and ABH2 suggest that these proteins search for weakened base pairs in their first step of damage searching. We have also discovered a very unique base-flipping mechanism used by the DNA repair protein AlkB. This protein distorts DNA and favors single stranded DNA (ssDNA) substrates over double-stranded (dsDNA) ones. Potentially, it locates base lesions in dsDNA by imposing a constraint that targets less rigid regions of the duplex DNA. The exact mechanism of how AlkB and related proteins search for damage in ssDNA and dsDNA still awaits further studies.	0
Abstract2class: Distinct Mechanisms for Processing Autophagy Protein LC3-PE by RavZ and ATG4B Abstract: Autophagy is a conserved catabolic process involved in the elimination of proteins, organelles and pathogens in eukaryotic cells. Lipidated LC3 proteins that are conjugated to phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) play a key role in autophagosome biogenesis. Endogenous ATG4-mediated deconjugation of LC3-PE is required for LC3 recycling. However, the Legionella effector RavZ irreversibly deconjugates LC3-PE to inhibit autophagy. It is not clear how ATG4 and RavZ process LC3-PE with distinct modes. Herein, a series of semisynthetic LC3-PE proteins containing C-terminal mutations or insertions were used to investigate the relationship of the C-terminal structure of LC3-PE with ATG4/RavZ-mediated deconjugation. Using a combination of molecular docking and biochemical assays, we found that Gln116, Phe119 and Gly120 of LC3-PE are required for cleavage by both RavZ and ATG4B, whereas Glu117(LC3) is specific to cleavage by RavZ. The molecular ruler mechanism exists in the active site of ATG4B, but not in RavZ. Met63 and Gln64 at the active site of RavZ are involved in accommodating LC3 C-terminal motif. Our findings show that the distinct binding modes of the LC3 C-terminal motif (116-120) with ATG4 and RavZ might determine the specificity of cleavage site.	0
Abstract2class: Conjugate Vaccines from Bacterial Antigens by Squaric Acid Chemistry: A Closer Look Abstract: By using O-SP-core (O-SPcNH2 ) polysaccharide, isolated from Vibrio cholera O1 lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and related synthetic substances, a detailed study of factors that affect conjugation of bacterial polysaccharides to protein carriers through squaric acid chemistry to form conjugate vaccines has been carried out. Several previously unrecognized processes that take place during the squarate labeling of the O-SPcNH2 and subsequent conjugation of the formed squarate (O-SPcNH-SqOMe) have been identified. The efficiency of conjugation at pH 8.5, 9.0, and 9.5 to bovine serum albumin (BSA) and to the recombinant tetanus toxin fragment C (rTT-Hc) has been determined. The study led to a protocol for more efficient labeling of O-SPcNH2 antigen with the methyl squarate group, to yield a higher-quality, more potent squarate conjugation reagent. Its use resulted in about twofold increases in conjugation efficiency (from 23-26 % on BSA to 51 % on BSA and 55 % on rTT-Hc). The spent conjugation reagent could be recovered and regenerated by treatment with MeI in the absence of additional base. The immunological properties of the experimental vaccine made from the regenerated conjugation reagent were comparable with those of the immunogen made from the parent O-SPcNH-SqOMe.	0
Abstract2class: Revision of the Cyclisation Mechanism for the Diterpene Spiroviolene and Investigations of Its Mass Spectrometric Fragmentation Abstract: The diterpene spiroviolene, its diterpene synthase from Streptomyces violens and the experimentally determined terpene cyclisation mechanism were reported in 2017. Recently, the structure of spiroviolene was revised based on a total synthesis, with consequences for the cyclisation mechanism. Herein, a reinvestigation of the terpene cyclisation to spiroviolene and the mass spectrometric fragmentation mechanism investigated by 13 C-labelling experiments are presented.	0
Abstract2class: A Step toward Molecular Evolution of RNA: Ribose Binds to Prebiotic Fatty Acid Membranes, and Nucleosides Bind Better than Individual Bases Do Abstract: A major challenge in understanding how biological cells arose on the early Earth is explaining how RNA and membranes originally colocalized. We propose that the building blocks of RNA (nucleobases and ribose) bound to self-assembled prebiotic membranes. We have previously demonstrated that the bases bind to membranes composed of a prebiotic fatty acid, but evidence for the binding of sugars has remained a technical challenge. Here, we used pulsed-field gradient NMR spectroscopy to demonstrate that ribose and other sugars bind to membranes of decanoic acid. Moreover, the binding of some bases is strongly enhanced when they are linked to ribose to form a nucleoside or - with the addition of phosphate - a nucleotide. This enhanced binding could have played a role in the molecular evolution leading to the production of RNA.	0
Abstract2class: A novel reporter system for molecular imaging and high-throughput screening of anticancer drugs Abstract: Apoptosis is irreversible programmed cell death, characterized by a cellular cascade activation of caspase 3, which subsequently degrades proteins and other components of cells with a motif sequence. Here we report a novel reporter system to detect apoptosis, growth arrest, and cell death based on controlled and self-amplified protein degradation. The key element of the reporter system is an apoptotic sensor chimerical protein which consists of three components: procaspase 3, ubiquitin (Ub), and a strong consensus sequence of N-degron. Between each of these units is a DEVD (Asp-Glu-Val-Asp) sequence, which acts as the cleavage target of caspase 3. This non-conventional signal loss approach is much more sensitive than other native methods that are based on signal gain. The superior sensitivity is demonstrated by its effective application in 386-well high-throughput screening (HTS) with low drug concentrations and a short incubation time. The HTS selection process using this reporter system is very simple and economic. The simplicity eliminates potential errors introduced by multiple steps; there is no need for any substrate. Furthermore, the cells in the assay need not be disrupted, and the morphology of the cells can provide additional information on mechanisms. After HTS, the intact cells can also be used for other analytic analysis. This system thus has a potentially important role in the discovery and development of new anticancer drugs. It also appears to be very versatile, can be used both in vitro and in vivo with different linked reporter genes, and can be used for a variety of imaging applications.	0
Abstract2class: Bifacial PNA complexation inhibits enzymatic access to DNA and RNA Abstract: FULL STOP: Herein we report the effective in vitro inhibition of transcription, reverse-transcription and exonuclease function by formation of synthetic bPNA-nucleic acid triplex structures. Selective bPNA targeting of both DNA and RNA substrates suggests possible application of bPNAs as synthetic regulators of nucleic acid function.	0
Abstract2class: A FRET-Based Near-Infrared Fluorescent Probe for Ratiometric Detection of Cysteine in Mitochondria Abstract: We report a near-infrared fluorescent probe A for the ratiometric detection of cysteine based on FRET from a coumarin donor to a near-infrared rhodamine acceptor. Upon addition of cysteine, the coumarin fluorescence increased dramatically up to 18-fold and the fluorescence of the rhodamine acceptor decreased moderately by 45 % under excitation of the coumarin unit. Probe A has been used to detect cysteine concentration changes in live cells ratiometrically and to visualize fluctuations in cysteine concentrations induced by oxidation stress through treatment with hydrogen peroxide or lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Finally, probe A was successfully applied for the in vivo imaging of Drosophila melanogaster larvae to measure cysteine concentration changes.	0
Abstract2class: IspG-catalyzed positional isotopic exchange in methylerythritol cyclodiphosphate of the deoxyxylulose phosphate pathway: mechanistic implications Abstract: H(2)(18)O under the bridge: Recently, the deoxyxylulose phosphate (DXP) pathway was discovered to be a second pathway supplying isoprenoid biosynthetic precursors. One of steps is an IspG-catalyzed reductive deoxygenation of methylerythritol cyclodiphosphate (MEcPP) to 4-hydroxyl-3-methyl-2-(E)-1-diphosphate (HMBPP). Using [2-(13) C,(18) O]-MEcPP, we detected the positional isotopic exchange for the bridging oxygen in MEcPP.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a Multifunctional Benzophenone Linker for Peptide Stapling and Photoaffinity Labelling Abstract: Photoaffinity labelling is a useful method for studying how proteins interact with ligands and biomolecules, and can help identify and characterise new targets for the development of new therapeutics. We present the design and synthesis of a novel multifunctional benzophenone linker that serves as both a photo-crosslinking motif and a peptide stapling reagent. Using double-click stapling, we attached the benzophenone to the peptide via the staple linker, rather than by modifying the peptide sequence with a photo-crosslinking amino acid. When applied to a p53-derived peptide, the resulting photoreactive stapled peptide was able to preferentially crosslink with MDM2 in the presence of competing protein. This multifunctional linker also features an extra alkyne handle for downstream applications such as pull-down assays, and can be used to investigate the target selectivity of stapled peptides.	0
Abstract2class: Stabilisation of the Fatty Acid Decarboxylase from Chlorella variabilis by Caprylic Acid Abstract: The fatty acid photodecarboxylase from Chlorella variabilis NC64 A (CvFAP) catalyses the light-dependent decarboxylation of fatty acids. Photoinactivation of CvFAP still represents one of the major limitations of this interesting enzyme en route to practical application. In this study we demonstrate that the photostability of CvFAP can easily be improved by the administration of medium-chain length carboxylic acids such as caprylic acid indicating that the best way of maintaining CvFAP stability is 'to keep the enzyme busy'.	0
Abstract2class: N-methylation of the amide bond by methyltransferase asm10 in ansamitocin biosynthesis Abstract: Ansamitocins are potent antitumor agents produced by Actinosynnema pretiosum. As deduced from their structures, an N-methylation on the amide bond is required among the various modifications. The protein encoded by asm10 belongs to the SAM-dependent methyltransferase family. Through gene inactivation and complementation, asm10 was proved to be responsible for the N-methylation of ansamitocins. Asm10 is a 33.0 kDa monomer, as determined by gel filtration. By using N-desmethyl-ansamitocin P-3 as substrate, the optimal temperature and pH for Asm10 catalysis were determined to be 32 °C and 10.0, respectively. Asm10 also showed broad substrate flexibility toward other N-desmethyl-ansamycins and synthetic indolin-2-ones. Through site-directed mutagenesis, Asp154 and Leu155 of Asm10 were confirmed to be essential for its catalysis, possibly through the binding of SAM. The characterization of this unique N-methyltransferase has enriched the toolbox for engineering N-methylated derivatives from both natural and synthetic compounds; this will allow known potential drugs to be modified.	0
Abstract2class: Multiple site-selective insertions of noncanonical amino acids into sequence-repetitive polypeptides Abstract: A simple and efficient method is described for the introduction of noncanonical amino acids at multiple, defined sites within recombinant polypeptide sequences. Escherichia coli MRA30, a bacterial host strain with attenuated activity of release factor 1 (RF1), was assessed for its ability to support incorporation of a diverse range of noncanonical amino acids in response to multiple encoded amber (TAG) codons within genes derived from superfolder GFP and an elastin-mimetic protein polymer. Suppression efficiency and protein yield depended on the identity of the orthogonal aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase/tRNA(CUA) pair and the noncanonical amino acid. Elastin-mimetic protein polymers were prepared in which noncanonical amino acid derivatives were incorporated at up to 22 specific sites within the polypeptide sequence with high substitution efficiency. The identities and positions of the variant residues were confirmed by mass spectrometric analysis of the full-length polypeptides and proteolytic cleavage fragments from thermolysin digestion. The data suggest that this multisite suppression approach permits the preparation of protein-based materials in which novel chemical functionalities can be introduced at precisely defined positions within the polypeptide sequence.	0
Abstract2class: Design of a Short Thermally Stable α-Helix Embedded in a Macrocycle Abstract: Although helices play key roles in peptide-protein and protein-protein interactions, the helical conformation is generally unstable for short peptides (10-15 residues) in aqueous solution in the absence of their binding partners. Thus, stabilizing the helical conformation of peptides can lead to increases in binding potency, specificity, and stability towards proteolytic degradation. Helices have been successfully stabilized by introducing side chain-to-side chain crosslinks within the central portion of the helix. However, this approach leaves the ends of the helix free, thus leading to fraying and exposure of the non-hydrogen-bonded amide groups to solvent. Here, we develop a "capped-strapped" peptide strategy to stabilize helices by embedding the entire length of the helix within a macrocycle, which also includes a semirigid organic template as well as end-capping interactions. We have designed a ten-residue capped-strapped helical peptide that behaves like a miniprotein, with a cooperative thermal unfolding transition and Tm ≈70 °C, unprecedented for helical peptides of this length. The NMR structure determination confirmed the design, and X-ray crystallography revealed a novel quaternary structure with implications for foldamer design.	0
Abstract2class: Catalyst-free and site-specific one-pot dual-labeling of a protein directed by two genetically incorporated noncanonical amino acids Abstract: The genetic incorporation of one azide-containing and one keto-containing noncanonical amino acids into a protein at one amber and one ochre mutation sites respectively followed by their orthogonal reactions with one hydroxylamine-containing and one cyclooctyne-containing dyes allows highly efficient one-pot site-specific dual labeling of the protein in a catalyst-free fashion.	0
Abstract2class: Stabilizing AqdC, a Pseudomonas Quinolone Signal-Cleaving Dioxygenase from Mycobacteria, by FRESCO-Based Protein Engineering Abstract: The mycobacterial PQS dioxygenase AqdC, a cofactor-less protein with an α/β-hydrolase fold, inactivates the virulence-associated quorum-sensing signal molecule 2-heptyl-3-hydroxy-4(1H)-quinolone (PQS) produced by the opportunistic pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa and is therefore a potential anti-virulence tool. We have used computational library design to predict stabilizing amino acid replacements in AqdC. While 57 out of 91 tested single substitutions throughout the protein led to stabilization, as judged by increases in Tappm of >2 °C, they all impaired catalytic activity. Combining substitutions, the proteins AqdC-G40K-A134L-G220D-Y238W and AqdC-G40K-G220D-Y238W showed extended half-lives and the best trade-off between stability and activity, with increases in Tappm of 11.8 and 6.1 °C and relative activities of 22 and 72 %, respectively, compared to AqdC. Molecular dynamics simulations and principal component analysis suggested that stabilized proteins are less flexible than AqdC, and the loss of catalytic activity likely correlates with an inability to effectively open the entrance to the active site.	0
Abstract2class: Light control of cellular processes by using photocaged abscisic acid Abstract: Abscisic acid (ABA) was chemically modified with a photocaging group to promote photo-induced protein dimerization. This photocontrolled chemically induced dimerization (CID) method based on caged ABA enables dose-dependent light regulation of cellular processes, including transcription, protein translocation, signal transduction, and cytoskeletal remodeling, without the need to perform extensive protein engineering. Caged ABA can be easily modified to respond to different wavelengths of light. Consequently, this strategy should be applicable to the design of light-regulated protein dimerization systems and potentially be used orthogonally with other light-controlled CID systems.	0
Abstract2class: Optical Control of Antibody Activity by Using Photocleavable Bivalent Peptide-DNA Locks Abstract: Antibody-based molecular recognition plays a central role in today's life sciences, ranging from immunoassays to molecular imaging and antibody-based therapeutics. Control over antibody activity by using external triggers such as light could further increase the specificity of antibody-based targeting. Here we present bivalent peptide-DNA ligands containing photocleavable linkers as a noncovalent approach by which to allow photoactivation of antibody activity. Light-triggered cleavage of the 3-amino-3-(2-nitrophenyl)propionic acid peptide linker converted the high-affinity bivalent peptide-DNA lock into weakly binding monovalent ligands, effectively restoring antibody targeting of cell-surface receptors. In this work, a proof of principle was provided with an anti-hemagglutinin antibody, but the molecular design of the lock is generic and applicable to any monoclonal antibody for which an epitope or mimotope of sufficient affinity is available.	0
Abstract2class: Probing the compatibility of type II ketosynthase-carrier protein partners Abstract: Drug discovery often begins with the screening of large compound libraries to identify lead compounds. Recently, the enzymes that are involved in the biosynthesis of natural products have been investigated for their potential to generate new, diverse compound libraries. There have been several approaches toward this end, including altering the substrate specificities of the enzymes involved in natural product biosynthesis and engineering functional communication between enzymes from different biosynthetic pathways. While there exist assays to assess the substrate specificity of enzymes involved in these pathways, there is no simple method for determining whether enzymes from different synthases will function cooperatively to generate the desired product(s). Herein we report a method that provides insight into both substrate specificity and compatibility of protein-protein interactions between the acyl carrier protein (ACP) and ketosynthase (KS) domains involved in fatty acid and polyketide biosynthesis. Our technique uses a one-pot chemoenzymatic method to generate post-translationally modified ACPs that are capable of covalently interacting with KS domains from different biosynthetic systems. The extent of interaction between ACPs and KSs from different systems is easily detected and quantified by a gel-based method. Our results are consistent with previous studies of substrate specificity and ACP-KS binding interactions and provide new insight into unnatural substrate and protein interactions.	0
Abstract2class: 4-Aminophthalimide Amino Acids as Small and Environment-Sensitive Fluorescent Probes for Transmembrane Peptides Abstract: Fluorescence probing of transmembrane (TM) peptides is needed to complement state-of-the art methods-mainly oriented circular dichroism and solid-state NMR spectroscopy-and to allow imaging in living cells. Three new amino acids incorporating the solvatofluorescent 4-aminophthalimide in their side chains were synthesized in order to examine the local polarity in the α-helical TM fragment of the human epidermal growth factor receptor. It was possible to distinguish their locations, either in the hydrophobic core of the lipid bilayer or at the membrane surface, by fluorescence readout, including blue shift and increased quantum yield. An important feature is the small size of the 4-aminophthalimide chromophore. It makes one of the new amino acids approximately isosteric to tryptophan, typically used as a very small fluorescent amino acid in peptides and proteins. In contrast to the only weakly fluorescent indole system in tryptophan, the 4-aminophthalimide moiety produces a significantly more informative fluorescence readout and is selectively excited outside the biopolymer absorption range.	0
Abstract2class: Iodothyronamines are oxidatively deaminated to iodothyroacetic acids in vivo Abstract: 3-Iodothyronamine (T(1)AM) and 3,3',5-triiodothyroacetic acid (Triac) are bioactive metabolites of the hormone thyroxine (T(4)). In the present study, the ability of T(1)AM and 3,3',5-triiodothyronamine (T(3)AM) to be metabolized to 3-iodothyroacetic acid (TA(1)) and Triac, respectively, was investigated. Both T(1)AM and T(3)AM were converted to their respective iodinated thyroacetic acid analogues in both cell and tissue extracts. This conversion could be significantly inhibited with the monamine oxidase (MAO) and semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) inhibitor iproniazid. TA(1) was found to be present in trace quantities in human serum and in substantial levels in serum from T(1)AM-treated rats. These results demonstrate that iodothyronamines are substrates for amine oxidases and that this metabolism may be the source of the corresponding endogenous arylacetic acid products Triac and TA(1).	0
Abstract2class: Repurposing the Pummerer Rearrangement: Determination of Methionine Sulfoxides in Peptides Abstract: The reversible oxidation of methionine residues in proteins has emerged as a biologically important post-translational modification. However, detection and quantitation of methionine sulfoxide in proteins is difficult. Our aim is to develop a method for specifically derivatizing methionine sulfoxide residues. We report a Pummerer rearrangement of methionine sulfoxide treated sequentially with trimethylsilyl chloride and then 2-mercaptoimidazole or pyridine-2-thiol to produce a dithioacetal product. This derivative is stable to standard mass spectrometry conditions, and its formation identified oxidized methionine residues. The scope and requirements of dithioacetal formation are reported for methionine sulfoxide and model substrates. The reaction intermediates have been investigated by computational techniques and by 13 C NMR spectroscopy. These provide evidence for an α-chlorinated intermediate. The derivatization allows for detection and quantitation of methionine sulfoxide in proteins by mass spectrometry and potentially by immunochemical methods.	0
Abstract2class: A Thioacetal Photocage Designed for Dual Release: Application in the Quantitation of Therapeutic Release by Synchronous Reporter Decaging Abstract: Despite the immense potential of existing photocaging technology, its application is limited by the paucity of advanced caging tools. Here, we report on the design of a novel thioacetal ortho-nitrobenzaldehyde (TNB) dual arm photocage that enabled control of the simultaneous release of two payloads linked to a single TNB unit. By using this cage, which was prepared in a single step from commercial 6-nitroverataldehyde, three drug-fluorophore conjugates were synthesized: Taxol-TNB-fluorescein, Taxol-TNB-coumarin, and doxorubicin-TNB-coumarin, and long-wavelength UVA light-triggered release experiments demonstrated that dual payload release occurred with rapid decay kinetics for each conjugate. In cell-based assays performed in vitro, dual release could also be controlled by UV exposure, resulting in increased cellular fluorescence and cytotoxicity with potency equal to that of unmodified drug towards the KB carcinoma cell line. The extent of such dual release was quantifiable by reporter fluorescence measured in situ and was found to correlate with the extent of cytotoxicity. Thus, this novel dual arm cage strategy provides a valuable tool that enables both active control and real-time monitoring of drug activation at the delivery site.	0
Abstract2class: A minimalist substrate for enzymatic peptide and protein conjugation Abstract: Recently a number of nonnatural prenyl groups containing alkynes and azides have been developed as handles to perform click chemistry on proteins and peptides ending in the sequence "CAAX", where C is a cysteine that becomes alkylated, A is an aliphatic amino acid and X is any amino acid. When such molecules are modified, a tag containing a prenyl analogue and the "CAAX box" sequence remains. Here we report the synthesis of an alkyne-containing substrate comprised of only nine nonhydrogen atoms. This substrate was synthesized in six steps from 3-methylbut-2-en-1-ol and has been enzymatically incorporated into both proteins and peptides by using protein farnesyltransferase. After prenylation the final three amino acids required for enzymatic recognition can be removed by using carboxypeptidase Y, leaving a single residue (the cysteine from the "CAAX box") and the prenyl analogue as the only modifications. We also demonstrate that this small tag minimizes the impact of the modification on the solubility of the targeted protein. Hence, this new approach should be useful for applications in which the presence of a large tag hinders the modified protein's solubility, reactivity, or utility.	0
Abstract2class: Orthogonal Peptide-Templated Labeling Elucidates Lateral ETA R/ETB R Proximity and Reveals Altered Downstream Signaling Abstract: Fine-tuning of G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) signaling is important to maintain cellular homeostasis. Recent studies demonstrated that lateral GPCR interactions in the cell membrane can impact signaling profiles. Here, we report on a one-step labeling method of multiple membrane-embedded GPCRs. Based on short peptide tags, complementary probes transfer the cargo (e. g. a fluorescent dye) by an acyl transfer reaction with high spatial and temporal resolution within 5 min. We applied this approach to four receptors of the cardiovascular system: the endothelin receptor A and B (ETA R and ETB R), angiotensin II receptor type 1, and apelin. Wild type-like G protein activation after N-terminal modification was demonstrated for all receptor species. Using FRET-competent dyes, a constitutive proximity between hetero-receptors was limited to ETA R/ETB R. Further, we demonstrate, that ETA R expression regulates the signaling of co-expressed ETB R. Our orthogonal peptide-templated labeling of different GPCRs provides novel insight into the regulation of GPCR signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Strategies for Site-Specific Labeling of Receptor Proteins on the Surfaces of Living Cells by Using Genetically Encoded Peptide Tags Abstract: Fluorescence microscopy imaging enables receptor proteins to be investigated within their biological context. A key challenge is to site-specifically incorporate reporter moieties into proteins without interfering with biological functions or cellular networks. Small peptide tags offer the opportunity to combine inducible labeling with small tag sizes that avoid receptor perturbation. Herein, we review the current state of live-cell labeling of peptide-tagged cell-surface proteins. Considering their importance as targets in medicinal chemistry, we focus on membrane receptors such as G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). We discuss peptide tags that i) are subject to enzyme-mediated modification reactions, ii) guide the complementation of reporter proteins, iii) form coiled-coil complexes, and iv) interact with metal complexes. Given our own contributions in the field, we place emphasis on peptide-templated labeling chemistry.	0
Abstract2class: Towards Zwitterionic Oligonucleotides with Improved Properties: the NAA/LNA-Gapmer Approach Abstract: Oligonucleotides (ON) are promising therapeutic candidates, for instance by blocking endogenous mRNA (antisense mechanism). However, ON usually require structural modifications of the native nucleic acid backbone to ensure satisfying pharmacokinetic properties. One such strategy to design novel antisense oligonucleotides is to replace native phosphate diester units by positively charged artificial linkages, thus leading to (partially) zwitterionic backbone structures. Herein, we report a "gapmer" architecture comprised of one zwitterionic central segment ("gap") containing nucleosyl amino acid (NAA) modifications and two outer segments of locked nucleic acid (LNA). This NAA/LNA-gapmer approach furnished a partially zwitterionic ON with optimised properties: i) the formation of stable ON-RNA duplexes with base-pairing fidelity and superior target selectivity at 37 °C; and ii) excellent stability in complex biological media. Overall, the NAA/LNA-gapmer approach is thus established as a strategy to design partially zwitterionic ON for the future development of novel antisense agents.	0
Abstract2class: Activity-based profiling of retaining β-glucosidases: a comparative study Abstract: Activity-based protein profiling (ABPP) is a versatile strategy to report on enzyme activity in vitro, in situ, and in vivo. The development and use of ABPP tools and techniques has met with considerable success in monitoring physiological processes involving esterases and proteases. Activity-based profiling of glycosidases, on the other hand, has proven more difficult, and to date no broad-spectrum glycosidase activity-based probes (ABPs) have been reported. In a comparative study, we investigated both 2-deoxy-2-fluoroglycosides and cyclitol epoxides for their utility as a starting point towards retaining β-glucosidase ABP. We also investigated the merits of direct labeling and two-step bio-orthogonal labeling in reporting on glucosidase activity under various conditions. Our results demonstrate that 1) in general cyclitol epoxides are the superior glucosidase ABPs, 2) that direct labeling is the more efficient approach but it hinges on the ability of the glucosidase to be accommodated in the active site of the reporter (BODIPY) entity, and 3) that two-step bio-orthogonal labeling can be achieved on isolated enzymes but translating this protocol to cell extracts requires more investigation.	0
Abstract2class: The natural products beauveriolide I and III: a new class of beta-amyloid-lowering compounds Abstract: Attacking Alzheimer's by ACAT: The aggregation of beta-amyloid peptides, especially Abeta(42), into senile plaques is a hallmark of Alzheimer's disease (AD). We show that the fungal natural products beauveriolides I and III can potently decrease Abeta secretion from cells expressing human amyloid precursor protein; this offers a potential new scaffold for the development of compounds with proven bioavailability for the treatment of AD.	0
Abstract2class: Core Steps to the Azaphilone Family of Fungal Natural Products Abstract: Azaphilones are a family of polyketide-based fungal natural products that exhibit interesting and useful bioactivities. This minireview explores the literature on various characterised azaphilone biosynthetic pathways, which allows for a proposed consensus scheme for the production of the core azaphilone structure, as well as identifying early diversification steps during azaphilone biosynthesis. A consensus understanding of the core enzymatic steps towards a particular family of fungal natural products can aid in genome-mining experiments. Genome mining for novel fungal natural products is a powerful technique for both exploring chemical space and providing new insights into fungal natural product pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Phenoxy Radical Reactivity of Nucleic Acids: Practical Implications for Biotinylation Abstract: Recent advances in peroxidase-mediated biotin tyramide (BT) signal amplification technology have resulted in high-resolution and subcellular compartment-specific mapping of protein and RNA localization. Horseradish peroxidase (HRP) in the presence of H2 O2 is known to activate phenolic compounds for phenoxy radical reaction with nucleic acids, where biotinylation by BT is a practical example. BT reactivity with RNA and DNA is not understood in detail. We report that BT phenoxy radicals react in a sequence-independent manner with guanosine bases in RNA. In contrast, DNA reactivity with BT cannot be detected by our methods under the same conditions. Remarkably, we show that fluorescein conjugates DNA rapidly and selectively reacts with BT phenoxy radicals, allowing convenient and practical biotinylation of DNA on fluorescein with retention of fluorescence.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of a 7-Methoxycoumarin-3-carboxylic Acid Ester Derivative as a Fluorescent, Cell-Cleavable, Phosphonate Protecting Group Abstract: Cell-cleavable protecting groups often enhance cellular delivery of species that are charged at physiological pH. Although several phosphonate protecting groups have achieved clinical success, it remains difficult to use these prodrugs in live cells to clarify biological mechanisms. Here, we present a strategy that uses a 7-methoxycoumarin-3-carboxylic acid ester as a fluorescent protecting group. This strategy was applied to synthesis of an (E)-4-hydroxy-3-methyl-but-2-enyl diphosphate (HMBPP) analogue to assess cellular uptake and human Vγ9Vδ2 T cell activation. The fluorescent ester displayed low cellular toxicity (IC50 >100 μm) and strong T cell activation (EC50 =0.018 μm) relative to the unprotected anion (EC50 =23 μm). The coumarin-derived analogue allowed no-wash analysis of biological deprotection, which revealed rapid internalization of the prodrug. These results demonstrate that fluorescent groups can be applied both as functional drug delivery tools and useful biological probes of drug uptake.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide Binding Modes in a Motor Protein Revealed by 31 P- and 1 H-Detected MAS Solid-State NMR Spectroscopy Abstract: Protein-nucleic acid interactions play important roles not only in energy-providing reactions, such as ATP hydrolysis, but also in reading, extending, packaging, or repairing genomes. Although they can often be analyzed in detail with X-ray crystallography, complementary methods are needed to visualize them in complexes, which are not crystalline. Here, we show how solid-state NMR spectroscopy can detect and classify protein-nucleic interactions through site-specific 1 H- and 31 P-detected spectroscopic methods. The sensitivity of 1 H chemical-shift values on noncovalent interactions involved in these molecular recognition processes is exploited allowing us to probe directly the chemical bonding state, an information, which is not directly accessible from an X-ray structure. We show that these methods can characterize interactions in easy-to-prepare sediments of the 708 kDa dodecameric DnaB helicase in complex with ADP:AlF4- :DNA, and this despite the very challenging size of the complex.	0
Abstract2class: Structure elucidation of DNA-protein crosslinks by using reductive desulfurization and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry Abstract: Easier with ethyl: Guengerich and co-workers have developed a powerful new approach to the structure elucidation of hydrolytically stable AGT-DNA crosslinks by reductive desulfurization of the thioether linkage between AGT and DNA to convert cysteine DPCs to the corresponding ethyl-DNA adducts, which can be readily characterized by LC-MSn.	0
Abstract2class: Probing phospholipase a(2) with fluorescent phospholipid substrates Abstract: The Foerster resonance energy transfer-based sensor, PENN, measures intracellular phospholipase A(2) (PLA(2)) activity in living cells and small organisms. In an attempt to modify the probe for the detection of particular isoforms, we altered the sn-2 fatty acid in such a way that either one or three of the Z double bonds in arachidonic acid were present in the sensor molecule. Arachidonic-acid-mimicking fatty acids were prepared by copper-mediated coupling reactions. Probes with a single double bond in the 5-position exhibited favorable substrate properties for secretory PLA(2)s. In vitro experiments with the novel unsaturated doubly labeled phosphatidylethanolamine derivatives showed preferred cleavage of the sensor PENN2 (one double bond) by the physiologically important group V sPLA(2), while the O-methyl-derivative PMNN2 was accepted best by the isoform from hog pancreas. For experiments in living cells, we demonstrated that bioactivation via S-acetylthioethyl (SATE) groups is essential for probe performance. Surprisingly, membrane-permeant versions of the new sensors that contained double bonds, PENN2 and PENN3, were only cleaved to a minor extent in HeLa cells while the saturated form, PENN, was well accepted.	0
Abstract2class: Lipid and fatty acid composition of diatoms revisited: rapid wound-activated change of food quality parameters influences herbivorous copepod reproductive success Abstract: Lipid and fatty acid composition are considered to be key parameters that determine the nutritive quality of phytoplankton diets for zooplanktonic herbivores. The fitness, reproduction and physiology of the grazers are influenced by these factors. The trophic transfer of lipids and fatty acids from algal cells has been typically studied by using simple extraction and quantification approaches, which, as we argue here, do not reflect the actual situation in the plankton. We show that cell disruption, as it occurs during a predator's grazing on diatoms can drastically change the lipid and fatty acid content of the food. In some algae, a rapid depletion of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) is observed within the first minutes after cell disruption. This fatty acid depletion is directly linked to the production of PUFA-derived polyunsaturated aldehydes (PUA); these are molecules that are thought to be involved in the chemical defence of the algae. PUA-releasing diatoms are even capable of transforming lipids from other sources if these are available in the vicinity of the wounded cells. Fluorescent staining reveals that the enzymes involved in lipid transformation are active in the foregut of copepods, and therefore link the depletion processes directly to food uptake. Incubation experiments with the calanoid copepod Temora longicornis showed that PUFA depletion in PUA-producing diatoms is correlated to reduced hatching success, and can be compensated for by externally added single fatty acids.	0
Abstract2class: Nanoscopic Characterisation of Individual Endogenous Protein Aggregates in Human Neuronal Cells Abstract: The aberrant misfolding and subsequent conversion of monomeric protein into amyloid aggregates characterises many neurodegenerative disorders, including Parkinson's and Alzheimer's diseases. These aggregates are highly heterogeneous in structure, generally of low abundance and typically smaller than the diffraction limit of light (≈250 nm). To overcome the challenges these characteristics pose to the study of endogenous aggregates formed in cells, we have developed a method to characterise them at the nanometre scale without the need for a conjugated fluorophore. Using a combination of DNA PAINT and an amyloid-specific aptamer, we demonstrate that this technique is able to detect and super-resolve a range of aggregated species, including those formed by α-synuclein and amyloid-β. Additionally, this method enables endogenous protein aggregates within cells to be characterised. We found that neuronal cells derived from patients with Parkinson's disease contain a larger number of protein aggregates than those from healthy controls.	0
Abstract2class: First Ring-Expanded Maytansin Lactone Accessed by a New Mutasynthetic Variant Abstract: A multiblocked mutant strain (ΔAHBA and Δasm12, asm21) of Actinosynnema pretiosum, the producer of the highly toxic maytansinoid ansamitocin, has been used for the mutasynthetic production of new proansamitocin derivatives. The use of mutant strains that are blocked in the biosynthesis of an early building block as well as in the expression of two tailoring enzymes broadens the scope of chemo-biosynthetic access to new maytansinoids. Remarkably, a ring-expanded macrolactone derived from ansamitocin was created for the first time.	0
Abstract2class: Phosphine-Activated Lysine Analogues for Fast Chemical Control of Protein Subcellular Localization and Protein SUMOylation Abstract: The Staudinger reduction and its variants have exceptional compatibility with live cells but can be limited by slow kinetics. Herein we report new small-molecule triggers that turn on proteins through a Staudinger reduction/self-immolation cascade with substantially improved kinetics and yields. We achieved this through site-specific incorporation of a new set of azidobenzyloxycarbonyl lysine derivatives in mammalian cells. This approach allowed us to activate proteins by adding a nontoxic, bioorthogonal phosphine trigger. We applied this methodology to control a post-translational modification (SUMOylation) in live cells, using native modification machinery. This work significantly improves the rate, yield, and tunability of the Staudinger reduction-based activation, paving the way for its application in other proteins and organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Exploring the Functional Consequences of Protein Backbone Alteration in Ubiquitin through Native Chemical Ligation Abstract: Ubiquitin (Ub) plays critical roles in myriad protein degradation and signaling networks in the cell. We report herein Ub mimetics based on backbones that blend natural and artificial amino acid units. The variants were prepared by a modular route based on native chemical ligation. Biological assays show that some are enzymatically polymerized onto protein substrates, and that the resulting Ub tags are recognized for downstream pathways. These results advance the size and complexity of folded proteins mimicked by artificial backbones and expand the functional scope of such agents.	0
Abstract2class: Peptide Backbone Composition and Protease Susceptibility: Impact of Modification Type, Position, and Tandem Substitution Abstract: The clinical utility of peptides is limited by their rapid degradation by endogenous proteases. Modification of the peptide backbone can generate functional analogues with enhanced proteolytic stability. Existing principles for the design of such oligomers have focused primarily on effective structural mimicry. A more robust strategy would incorporate a rational approach for engineering maximal proteolytic stability with minimal unnatural residue content. We report here the systematic comparison of the proteolytic resistance imparted by four backbone modifications commonly employed in the design of protease-stable analogues of peptides with complex folding patterns. The degree of protection was quantified as a function of modification type, position, and tandem substitution in the context of a long, unstructured host sequence and a canonical serine protease. These results promise to inform ongoing work to develop biostable mimics of increasingly complex peptides and proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibition of lipopolysaccharide transport to the outer membrane in Pseudomonas aeruginosa by peptidomimetic antibiotics Abstract: The asymmetric outer membrane (OM) of Gram-negative bacteria contains lipopolysaccharide (LPS) in the outer leaflet and phospholipid in the inner leaflet. During OM biogenesis, LPS is transported from the periplasm into the outer leaflet by a complex comprising the OM proteins LptD and LptE. Recently, a new family of macrocyclic peptidomimetic antibiotics that interact with LptD of the opportunistic human pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa was discovered. Here we provide evidence that the peptidomimetics inhibit the LPS transport function of LptD. One approach to monitor LPS transport involved studies of lipid A modifications. Some modifications occur only in the inner membrane while others occur only in the OM, and thus provide markers for LPS transport within the bacterial envelope. We prepared a conditional lptD mutant of P. aeruginosa PAO1 that allowed control of lptD expression from the rhamnose promoter. With this mutant, the effects caused by the antibiotic on the wild-type strain were compared with those caused by depleting LptD in the mutant strain. When LptD was depleted in the mutant, electron microscopy revealed accumulation of membrane-like material within cells and OM blebbing; this mirrored similar effects in the wild-type strain caused by the antibiotic. Moreover, the bacterium responded to the antibiotic, and to depletion of LptD, by introducing the same lipid A modifications, consistent with inhibition by the antibiotic of LptD-mediated LPS transport. This conclusion was further supported by monitoring the radiolabelling of LPS from [¹⁴C]acetate, and by fractionation of IM and OM components. Overall, the results provide support for a mechanism of action for the peptidomimetic antibiotics that involves inhibition of LPS transport to the cell surface.	0
Abstract2class: Using ¹⁵N-ammonium to characterise and map potassium binding sites in proteins by NMR spectroscopy Abstract: A variety of enzymes are activated by the binding of potassium ions. The potassium binding sites of these enzymes are very specific, but ammonium ions can often replace potassium ions in vitro because of their similar ionic radii. In these cases, ammonium can be used as a proxy for potassium to characterise potassium binding sites in enzymes: the (1) H,(15) N spin-pair of enzyme-bound (15) NH4 (+) can be probed by (15) N-edited heteronuclear NMR experiments. Here, we demonstrate the use of NMR spectroscopy to characterise binding of ammonium ions to two different enzymes: human histone deacetylase 8 (HDAC8), which is activated allosterically by potassium, and the bacterial Hsp70 homologue DnaK, for which potassium is an integral part of the active site. Ammonium activates both enzymes in a similar way to potassium, thus supporting this non-invasive approach. Furthermore, we present an approach to map the observed binding site onto the structure of HDAC8. Our method for mapping the binding site is general and does not require chemical shift assignment of the enzyme resonances.	0
Abstract2class: Electronic and Steric Control of n→π* Interactions: Stabilization of the α-Helix Conformation without a Hydrogen Bond Abstract: The preferred conformations of peptides and proteins are dependent on local interactions that bias the conformational ensemble. The n→π* interaction between consecutive carbonyls promotes compact conformations, including the α-helix and polyproline II helix. In order to further understand the n→π* interaction and to develop methods to promote defined conformational preferences through acyl N-capping motifs, a series of peptides was synthesized in which the electronic and steric properties of the acyl group were modified. Using NMR spectroscopy, van't Hoff analysis of enthalpies, X-ray crystallography, and computational investigations, we observed that more electron-rich donor carbonyls (pivaloyl, iso-butyryl, propionyl) promote stronger n→π* interactions and more compact conformations than acetyl or less electron-rich donor carbonyls (methoxyacetyl, fluoroacetyl, formyl). X-ray crystallography indicates a strong, electronically tunable preference for the α-helix conformation, as observed directly on the φ and ψ torsion angles. Electron-donating acyl groups promote the α-helical conformation, even in the absence of the hydrogen bonding that stabilizes the α-helix. In contrast, electron-withdrawing acyl groups led to more extended conformations. More sterically demanding groups can promote trans amide bonds independent of the electronic effect on n→π* interactions. Chloroacetyl groups additionally promote n→π* interactions through the interaction of the chlorine lone pair with the proximal carbonyl π*. These data provide additional support for an important role of n→π* interactions in the conformational ensemble of disordered or unfolded proteins. Moreover, this work suggests that readily incorporated acyl N-capping motifs that modulate n→π* interactions may be employed rationally to promote conformational biases in peptides, with potential applications in molecular design and medicinal chemistry.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorine NMR Spectroscopy Enables to Quantify the Affinity Between DNA and Proteins in Cell Lysate Abstract: The determination of the binding affinity quantifying the interaction between proteins and nucleic acids is of crucial interest in biological and chemical research. Here, we have made use of site-specific fluorine labeling of the cold shock protein from Bacillus subtilis, BsCspB, enabling to directly monitor the interaction with single stranded DNA molecules in cell lysate. High-resolution 19 F NMR spectroscopy has been applied to exclusively report on resonance signals arising from the protein under study. We have found that this experimental approach advances the reliable determination of the binding affinity between single stranded DNA molecules and its target protein in this complex biological environment by intertwining analyses based on NMR chemical shifts, signal heights, line shapes and simulations. We propose that the developed experimental platform offers a potent approach for the identification of binding affinities characterizing intermolecular interactions in native surroundings covering the nano-to-micromolar range that can be even expanded to in cell applications in future studies.	0
Abstract2class: Insights into Protein Stability in Cell Lysate by 19 F NMR Spectroscopy Abstract: In living organisms, protein folding and function take place in an inhomogeneous, highly crowded environment possessing a concentration of diverse macromolecules of up to 400 g/L. It has been shown that the intracellular environment has a pronounced effect on the stability, dynamics and function of the protein under study, and has for this reason to be considered. However, most protein studies neglect the presence of these macromolecules. Consequently, we probe here the overall thermodynamic stability of cold shock protein B from Bacillus subtilis (BsCspB) in cell lysate. We found that an increase in cell lysate concentration causes a monotonic increase in the thermodynamic stability of BsCspB. This result strongly underlines the importance of considering the biological environment when inherent protein parameters are quantitatively determined. Moreover, we demonstrate that targeted application of 19 F NMR spectroscopy operates as an ideal tool for protein studies performed in complex cellular surroundings.	0
Abstract2class: All about that Amide Bond: The Sixth Chemical Protein Synthesis (CPS) Meeting Abstract: Endless potential: The sixth Chemical Protein Synthesis Meeting, held recently in St. Augustine, Florida, showed the potential of peptide and protein chemistry when applied toward understanding and controlling complex biological processes. This report highlights the diverse and cutting-edge protein chemistry presented at the meeting.	0
Abstract2class: Facile synthesis of native and protease-resistant ubiquitylated peptides Abstract: The reversible post-translational modification of eukaryotic proteins by ubiquitin regulates key cellular processes including protein degradation and gene transcription. Studies of the mechanistic roles for protein ubiquitylation require quantities of homogenously modified substrates that are typically inaccessible from natural sources or by enzymatic ubiquitylation in vitro. Therefore, we developed a facile and scalable methodology for site-specific chemical ubiquitylation. Our semisynthetic strategy utilized a temporary ligation auxiliary, 2-(aminooxy)ethanethiol, to direct ubiquitylation to specific lysine residues in peptide substrates. Mild reductive removal of the auxiliary after ligation yielded ubiquitylated peptides with the native isopeptide linkage. Alternatively, retention of the ligation auxiliary yielded protease-resistant analogues of ubiquitylated peptides. Importantly, our strategy was fully compatible with the presence of protein thiol groups, as demonstrated by the synthesis of peptides modified by the human small ubiquitin-related modifier 3 protein.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient Chemoenzymatic Synthesis of N-Glycans with a β1,4-Galactosylated Bisecting GlcNAc Motif Abstract: In human serum immunoglobulin G (IgG), a rare modification of biantennary complex N-glycans lead to a β1,4-galactosylated bisecting GlcNAc branch. We found that the bisecting GlcNAc on a biantennary core-fucosylated N-glycan was enzymatically galactosylated under stringent reaction conditions. Further optimizations led to an efficient enzymatic approach to this particular modification for biantennary substrates. Notably, tri- and tetra-antennary complex N-glycans were not converted by bovine galactosyltransferase. An N-glycan with a galactosylated bisecting GlcNAc was linked to a lanthanide binding tag. The pseudo-contact shifts (PCS) obtained from the corresponding Dy-complex were used to calculate the conformational preferences of the rare N-glycan. Besides two extended conformations only a single folded conformation was found.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of the Substrate Specificity of the SMYD2 Protein Lysine Methyltransferase and Discovery of Novel Non-Histone Substrates Abstract: The SMYD2 protein lysine methyltransferase methylates various histone and non-histone proteins and is overexpressed in several cancers. Using peptide arrays, we investigated the substrate specificity of the enzyme, revealing a recognition of leucine (or weaker phenylalanine) at the -1 peptide site and disfavor of acidic residues at the +1 to +3 sites. Using this motif, novel SMYD2 peptide substrates were identified, leading to the discovery of 32 novel peptide substrates with a validated target site. Among them, 19 were previously reported to be methylated at the target lysine in human cells, strongly suggesting that SMYD2 is the protein lysine methyltransferase responsible for this activity. Methylation of some of the novel peptide substrates was tested at the protein level, leading to the identification of 14 novel protein substrates of SMYD2, six of which were more strongly methylated than p53, the best SMYD2 substrate described so far. The novel SMYD2 substrate proteins are involved in diverse biological processes such as chromatin regulation, transcription, and intracellular signaling. The results of our study provide a fundament for future investigations into the role of this important enzyme in normal development and cancer.	0
Abstract2class: Production of the Carboxylate Reductase from Nocardia otitidiscaviarum in a Soluble, Active Form for in vitro Applications Abstract: Accessing aldehydes from carboxylate moieties is often a challenging task. In this regard, carboxylate reductases (CARs) are promising catalysts provided by nature that are able to accomplish this task in just one step, avoiding over-reduction to the alcohol product. However, the heterologous expression of CARs can be quite difficult due to the excessive formation of insoluble protein, thus hindering further characterization and application of the enzyme. Here, the heterologous production of the carboxylate reductase from Nocardia otitidiscaviarum (NoCAR) was optimized by a combination of i) optimized cultivation conditions, ii) post-translational modification with a phosphopantetheinyl transferase and iii) selection of an appropriate expression strain. Especially, the selection of Escherichia coli tuner cells as host had a strong effect on the final 110-fold increase in the specific activity of NoCAR. This highly active NoCAR was used to reduce sodium benzoate to benzaldehyde, and it was successfully assembled with an in vitro regeneration of ATP and NADPH, being capable of reducing about 30 mM sodium benzoate with high selectivity in only 2 h of reaction.	0
Abstract2class: Direct Enzymatic Synthesis of a Deep-Blue Fluorescent Noncanonical Amino Acid from Azulene and Serine Abstract: We report a simple, one-step enzymatic synthesis of the blue fluorescent noncanonical amino acid β-(1-azulenyl)-l-alanine (AzAla). By using an engineered tryptophan synthase β-subunit (TrpB), stereochemically pure AzAla can be synthesized at scale starting from commercially available azulene and l-serine. Mutation of a universally conserved catalytic glutamate in the active site to glycine has only a modest effect on native activity with indole but abolishes activity on azulene, suggesting that this glutamate activates azulene for nucleophilic attack by stabilization of the aromatic ion.	0
Abstract2class: Tryptophan Synthase: Biocatalyst Extraordinaire Abstract: Tryptophan synthase (TrpS) has emerged as a paragon of noncanonical amino acid (ncAA) synthesis and is an ideal biocatalyst for synthetic and biological applications. TrpS catalyzes an irreversible, C-C bond-forming reaction between indole and serine to make l-tryptophan; native TrpS complexes possess fairly broad specificity for indole analogues, but are difficult to engineer to extend substrate scope or to confer other useful properties due to allosteric constraints and their heterodimeric structure. Directed evolution freed the catalytically relevant TrpS β-subunit (TrpB) from allosteric regulation by its TrpA partner and has enabled dramatic expansion of the enzyme's substrate scope. This review examines the long and storied career of TrpS from the perspective of its application in ncAA synthesis and biocatalytic cascades.	0
Abstract2class: Unprecedented Utilization of Pelargonidin and Indole for the Biosynthesis of Plant Indole Alkaloids Abstract: Nudicaulins are a group of indole alkaloid glycosides responsible for the color of yellow petals of Papaver nudicaule (Iceland poppy). The unique aglycone scaffold of these alkaloids attracted our interest as one of the most unusual flavonoid-indole hybrid structures that occur in nature. Stable isotope labeling experiments with sliced petals identified free indole, but not tryptamine or l-tryptophan, as one of the two key biosynthetic precursors of the nudicaulin aglycone. Pelargonidin was identified as the second key precursor, contributing the polyphenolic unit to the nudicaulin molecule. This finding was inferred from the temporary accumulation of pelargonidin glycosides in the petals during flower bud development and a drop at the point in time when nudicaulin levels start to increase. The precursor-directed incorporation of cyanidin into a new 3'-hydroxynudicaulin strongly supports the hypothesis that anthocyanins are involved in the biosynthesis of nudicaulins.	0
Abstract2class: Specific modulation of protein activity by using a bioorthogonal reaction Abstract: Unnatural amino acids with bioorthogonal reactive groups have the potential to provide a rapid and specific mechanism for covalently inhibiting a protein of interest. Here, we use mutagenesis to insert an unnatural amino acid containing an azide group (Z) into the target protein at positions such that a "click" reaction with an alkyne modulator (X) will alter the function of the protein. This bioorthogonally reactive pair can engender specificity of X for the Z-containing protein, even if the target is otherwise identical to another protein, allowing for rapid target validation in living cells. We demonstrate our method using inhibition of the Escherichia coli enzyme aminoacyl transferase by both active-site occlusion and allosteric mechanisms. We have termed this a "clickable magic bullet" strategy, and it should be generally applicable to studying the effects of protein inhibition, within the limits of unnatural amino acid mutagenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Binding Methylarginines and Methyllysines as Free Amino Acids: A Comparative Study of Multiple Host Classes Abstract: Methylated free amino acids are an important class of targets for host-guest chemistry that have recognition properties distinct from those of methylated peptides and proteins. We present comparative binding studies for three different host classes that are each studied with multiple methylated arginines and lysines to determine fundamental structure-function relationships. The hosts studied are all anionic and include three calixarenes, two acyclic cucurbiturils, and two other cleft-like hosts, a clip and a tweezer. We determined the binding association constants for a panel of methylated amino acids using indicator displacement assays. The acyclic cucurbiturils display stronger binding to the methylated amino acids, and some unique patterns of selectivity. The two other cleft-like hosts follow two different trends, shallow host (clip) following similar trends to the calixarenes, and the other more closed host (tweezer) binding certain less-methylated amino acids stronger than their methylated counterparts. Molecular modelling sheds some light on the different preferences of the various hosts. The results identify hosts with new selectivities and with affinities in a range that could be useful for biomedical applications. The overall selectivity patterns are explained by a common framework that considers the geometry, depth of binding pockets, and functional group participation across all host classes.	0
Abstract2class: Electrochemical Quantification of Neurotransmitters in Single Live Cell Vesicles Shows Exocytosis is Predominantly Partial Abstract: Exocytosis plays an essential role in the communication between cells in the nervous system. Understanding the regulation of neurotransmitter release during exocytosis and the amount of neurotransmitter content that is stored in vesicles is of importance, as it provides fundamental insights to understand how the brain works and how neurons elicit a certain behavior. In this minireview, we summarize recent progress in amperometric measurements for monitoring exocytosis in single cells and electrochemical cytometry measurements of vesicular neurotransmitter content in individual vesicles. Important steps have increased our understanding of the different mechanisms of exocytosis. Increasing evidence is firmly establishing that partial release is the primary mechanism of release in multiple cell types.	0
Abstract2class: Interrogating PP1 Activity in the MAPK Pathway with Optimized PP1-Disrupting Peptides Abstract: Protein phosphatase-1 (PP1)-disrupting peptides (PDPs) are selective chemical modulators of PP1 that liberate the active PP1 catalytic subunit from regulatory proteins; thus allowing the dephosphorylation of nearby substrates. We have optimized the original cell-active PDP3 for enhanced stability, and obtained insights into the chemical requirements for stabilizing this 23-mer peptide for cellular applications. The optimized PDP-Nal was used to dissect the involvement of PP1 in the MAPK signaling cascade. Specifically, we have demonstrated that, in human osteosarcoma (U2OS) cells, phosphoMEK1/2 is a direct substrate of PP1, whereas dephosphorylation of phosphoERK1/2 is indirect and likely mediated through enhanced tyrosine phosphatase activity after PDP-mediated PP1 activation. Thus, as liberators of PP1 activity, PDPs represent a valuable tool for identifying the substrates of PP1 and understanding its role in diverse signaling cascades.	0
Abstract2class: Investigations of two bidirectional carbon monoxide dehydrogenases from Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans by protein film electrochemistry Abstract: Carbon monoxide dehydrogenases (CODHs) catalyse the reversible conversion between CO and CO2 . Several small molecules or ions are inhibitors and probes for different oxidation states of the unusual [Ni-4 Fe-4 S] cluster that forms the active site. The actions of these small probes on two enzymes-CODH ICh and CODH IICh -produced by Carboxydothermus hydrogenoformans have been studied by protein film voltammetry to compare their behaviour and to establish general characteristics. Whereas CODH ICh is, so far, the better studied of the two isozymes in terms of its electrocatalytic properties, it is CODH IICh that has been characterised by X-ray crystallography. The two isozymes, which share 58.3% sequence identity and 73.9% sequence similarity, show similar patterns of behaviour with regard to selective inhibition of CO2 reduction by CO (product) and cyanate, potent and selective inhibition of CO oxidation by cyanide, and the action of sulfide, which promotes oxidative inactivation of the enzyme. For both isozymes, rates of binding of substrate analogues CN(-) (for CO) and NCO(-) (for CO2 ) are orders of magnitude lower than turnover, a feature that is clearly revealed through hysteresis of cyclic voltammetry. Inhibition by CN(-) and CO is much stronger for CODH IICh than for CODH ICh, a property that has relevance for applying these enzymes as model catalysts in solar-driven CO2 reduction.	0
Abstract2class: A Potent, Selective CBX2 Chromodomain Ligand and Its Cellular Activity During Prostate Cancer Neuroendocrine Differentiation Abstract: Polycomb group (PcG) proteins are epigenetic regulators that facilitate both embryonic development and cancer progression. PcG proteins form Polycomb repressive complexes 1 and 2 (PRC1 and PRC2). PRC2 trimethylates histone H3 lysine 27 (H3K27me3), a histone mark recognized by the N-terminal chromodomain (ChD) of the CBX subunit of canonical PRC1. There are five PcG CBX paralogs in humans. CBX2 in particular is upregulated in a variety of cancers, particularly in advanced prostate cancers. Using CBX2 inhibitors to understand and target CBX2 in prostate cancer is highly desirable; however, high structural similarity among the CBX ChDs has been challenging for developing selective CBX ChD inhibitors. Here, we utilize selections of focused DNA encoded libraries (DELs) for the discovery of a selective CBX2 chromodomain probe, SW2_152F. SW2_152F binds to CBX2 ChD with a Kd of 80 nM and displays 24-1000-fold selectivity for CBX2 ChD over other CBX paralogs in vitro. SW2_152F is cell permeable, selectively inhibits CBX2 chromatin binding in cells, and blocks neuroendocrine differentiation of prostate cancer cell lines in response to androgen deprivation.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibition of heat shock transcription factor binding by a linear polyamide binding in an unusual 1:1 mode Abstract: Heat shock proteins (HSPs) are known to protect cells from heat, oxidative stress, and the cytotoxic effects of drugs, and thus can enhance cancer cell survival. As a result, HSPs are a newly emerging class of protein targets for chemotherapy. Among the various HSPs, the HSP70 family is the most highly conserved and prevalent. Herein we describe the development of a β-alanine rich linear polyamide that binds the GGA heat shock elements (HSEs) 3 and 4 in the HSP70 promoter in an unusual 1:1 mode and inhibits heat shock transcription factor 1 (HSF1) binding in vitro.	0
Abstract2class: Calcium Regulates S100A12 Zinc Sequestration by Limiting Structural Variations Abstract: Antimicrobial proteins such as S100A12 and S100A8/A9 are highly expressed and secreted by neutrophils during infection and participate in human immune response by sequestering transition metals. At neutral pH, S100A12 sequesters Zn2+ with nanomolar affinity, which is further enhanced upon calcium binding. We investigated the pH dependence of human S100A12 zinc sequestration by using Co2+ as a surrogate. Apo-S100A12 exhibits strong Co2+ binding between pH 7.0 and 10.0 that progressively diminishes as the pH is decreased to 5.3. Ca2+ -S100A12 can retain nanomolar Co2+ binding up to pH 5.7. NMR spectroscopic measurements revealed that calcium binding does not alter the side-chain protonation of the Co2+ /Zn2+ binding histidine residues. Instead, the calcium-mediated modulation is achieved by restraining pH-dependent conformational changes to EF loop 1, which contains Co2+ /Zn2+ binding Asp25. This calcium-induced enhancement of Co2+ /Zn2+ binding might assist in the promotion of antimicrobial activities in humans by S100 proteins during neutrophil activation under subneutral pH conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Response and adaptation of Escherichia coli to suppression of the amber stop codon Abstract: Some extant organisms reassign the amber stop codon to a sense codon through evolution, and suppression of the amber codon with engineered tRNAs has been exploited to expand the genetic code for incorporating non-canonical amino acids (ncAAs) in live systems. However, it is unclear how the host cells respond and adapt to such amber suppression. Herein we suppressed the amber codon in Escherichia coli with an orthogonal tRNA/synthetase pair and cultured the cells under such a pressure for about 500 generations. We discovered that E. coli quickly counteracted the suppression with transposon insertion to inactivate the orthogonal synthetase. Persistent amber suppression evading transposon inactivation led to global proteomic changes with a notable up-regulation of a previously uncharacterized protein (YdiI) for which we identified an unexpected function of expelling plasmids. These results should be valuable for understanding codon reassignment in genetic code evolution and for improving the efficiency of ncAA incorporation.	0
Abstract2class: A Comprehensive Study of the Interaction between Peptidoglycan Fragments and the Extracellular Domain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis Ser/Thr Kinase PknB Abstract: The Mycobacterium tuberculosis Ser/Thr kinase PknB is implicated in the regulation of bacterial cell growth and cell division. The intracellular kinase function of PknB is thought to be triggered by peptidoglycan (PGN) fragments that are recognized by the extracytoplasmic domain of PknB. The PGN in the cell wall of M. tuberculosis has several unusual modifications, including the presence of N-glycolyl groups (in addition to N-acetyl groups) in the muramic acid residues and amidation of d-Glu in the peptide chains. Using synthetic PGN fragments incorporating these diverse PGN structures, we analyzed their binding characters through biolayer interferometry (BLI), NMR spectroscopy, and native mass spectrometry (nMS) techniques. The results of BLI showed that muropeptides containing 1,6-anhydro-MurNAc and longer glycan chains exhibited higher binding potency and that the fourth amino acid of the peptide stem, d-Ala, was crucial for protein recognition. Saturation transfer difference (STD) NMR spectroscopy indicated the major involvement of the stem peptide region in the PASTA-PGN fragment binding. nMS suggested that the binding stoichiometry was 1:1. The data provide the first molecular basis for the specific interaction of PGN with PknB and firmly establish PGNs as the effective ligands of PknB.	0
Abstract2class: Glycan sequence-dependent Nod2 activation investigated by using a chemically synthesized bacterial peptidoglycan fragment library Abstract: Nucleotide oligomerization domain-containing protein 2 (Nod2), an innate immune receptor, recognizes bacterial cell-wall peptidoglycan (PGN), the minimum ligand of which is muramyl dipeptide (MDP). Enzymatic digestion of PGN appears to be important for Nod2 recognition. PGN is degraded by muramidase or glucosamidase through a process that produces two types of glycan sequence; glycans containing GlcNAcβ(1→4)MurNAc or MurNAcβ(1→4)GlcNAc. In this report, a range of disaccharide or tetrasaccharide fragments of each sequence were chemically synthesized, and their activities in stimulating human Nod2 (hNod2) were investigated. The results reveal that hNod2 recognitions is dependent on the glycan sequence, as demonstrated by comparing the activities of glycans with the same peptide moieties. (MurNAcβ(1→4)GlcNAc)(2) -containing structures exhibited stronger activity than those containing (GlcNAcβ(1→4)MurNAc)(2) . The results suggest that differences in the enzymatic degradation process affect the host's immunomodulation process.	0
Abstract2class: α-Methylene-β-Lactone Scaffold for Developing Chemical Probes at the Two Ends of the Selectivity Spectrum Abstract: The utilities of an α-methylene-β-lactone (MeLac) moiety as a warhead composed of multiple electrophilic sites are reported. We demonstrate that a MeLac-alkyne not only reacts with diverse proteins as a broadly reactive measurement probe, but also recruits reduced endogenous glutathione (GSH) to assemble a selective chemical probe of GSH-β-lactone (GSH-Lac)-alkyne in live cells. Tandem mass spectrometry reveals that MeLac reacts with nucleophilic cysteine, serine, lysine, threonine, and tyrosine residues, through either Michael or acyl addition. A peptide-centric proteomics platform demonstrates that the proteomic selectivity profiles of orlistat and parthenolide, which have distinct reactivities, are measurable by MeLac-alkyne as a high-coverage probe. The GSH-Lac-alkyne selectively probes the glutathione S-transferase P responsible for multidrug resistance. The assembly of the GSH-Lac probe exemplifies a modular and scalable route to develop selective probes with different recognizing moieties.	0
Abstract2class: Cell-Compatible Nanoprobes for Imaging Intracellular Phosphatase Activities Abstract: Phosphatases play an important role in cell biology, but only a few probes are suitable for selectively imaging phosphatase activity in live cells, because the current probes require cell fixation or exhibit considerable cytotoxicity. Herein, we show that conjugating a d-peptide to a quinazolinone derivative generates cell-compatible, biostable probes for imaging the phosphatase activity inside live cells. Moreover, our results show that inhibiting ectophosphatases is a critical factor for imaging intracellular phosphatases. As the first example of using selective inhibitors to ensure intracellular function of molecular probes, this work illustrates a facile approach to design molecular probes for profiling the activities of enzymes in a spatial, selective manner in a complicated environment.	0
Abstract2class: Dynamic Continuum of Molecular Assemblies for Controlling Cell Fates Abstract: Biological systems have evolved to create a structural and dynamic continuum of bio-macromolecular assemblies for the purpose of optimizing the system's functions. The formation of these dynamic higher-order assemblies is precisely controlled by biological cues. However, controlling the self-assembly of synthetic molecules spatiotemporally in or on live cells is still a big challenge, especially for performing functions. This concept article introduces the use of in situ reactions as a spatiotemporal control to form assemblies of small molecules that induce cell morphogenesis or apoptosis. After briefly introducing a representative example of a natural dynamic continuum of the higher-order assemblies, we describe enzyme-instructed self-assembly (EISA) for constructing dynamic assemblies of small molecules, then discuss the use of EISA for controlling cell morphogenesis and apoptosis. Finally, we provide a brief outlook to discuss the future perspective of this exciting new research direction.	0
Abstract2class: Investigating Mithramycin deoxysugar biosynthesis: enzymatic total synthesis of TDP-D-olivose Abstract: Mix'n'match: Enzymatic total synthesis of TDP-D-olivose was achieved, starting from TDP-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose, by combining three pathway enzymes with one cofactor-regenerating enzyme. The results also revealed that MtmC is a bifunctional enzyme that can perform a 4-ketoreduction necessary for D-olivose biosynthesis besides the previously found C-methyltransfer for D-mycarose biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Probing the Interaction of Huntingtin Exon-1 Polypeptides with the Chaperonin Nanomachine GroEL Abstract: Huntington's disease arises from polyQ expansion within the exon-1 region of huntingtin (httex1 ), resulting in an aggregation-prone protein that accumulates in neuronal inclusion bodies. We investigate the interaction of various httex1 constructs with the bacterial analog (GroEL) of the human chaperonin Hsp60. Using fluorescence spectroscopy and electron and atomic force microscopy, we show that GroEL inhibits fibril formation. The binding kinetics of httex1 constructs with intact GroEL and a mini-chaperone comprising the apical domain is characterized by relaxation-based NMR measurements. The lifetimes of the complexes range from 100 to 400 μs with equilibrium dissociation constants (KD ) of ∼1-2 mM. The binding interface is formed by the N-terminal amphiphilic region of httex1 (which adopts a partially helical conformation) and the H and I helices of the GroEL apical domain. Sequestration of monomeric httex1 by GroEL likely increases the critical concentration required for fibrillization.	0
Abstract2class: Azide- and Alkyne-Bearing Metabolic Chemical Reporters of Glycosylation Show Structure-Dependent Feedback Inhibition of the Hexosamine Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: Metabolic chemical reporters (MCRs) of protein glycosylation are analogues of natural monosaccharides that bear reactive groups, like azides and alkynes. When they are added to living cells and organisms, these small molecules are biosynthetically transformed into nucleotide donor sugars and then used by glycosyltransferases to modify proteins. Subsequent installation of tags by bioorthogonal chemistries can then enable the visualization and enrichment of these glycoproteins. Although this two-step procedure is powerful, the use of MCRs has the potential to change the endogenous production of the natural repertoire of donor sugars. A major route for the generation of these glycosyltransferase substrates is the hexosamine biosynthetic pathway (HBP), which results in uridine diphosphate N-acetylglucosamine (UDP-GlcNAc). Interestingly, the rate-determining enzyme of the HBP, glutamine fructose-6-phosphate amidotransferase (GFAT), is feedback inhibited by UDP-GlcNAc. This raises the possibility that a build-up of UDP-MCRs would block the biosynthesis of UDP-GlcNAc, resulting in off target effects. Here, we directly test this possibility with recombinant human GFAT and a small panel of synthetic UDP-MCRs. We find that MCRs with larger substitutions at the N-acetyl position do not inhibit GFAT, whereas those with modifications of the 2- or 6-hydroxy group do. These results further illuminate the considerations that should be applied to the use of MCRs.	0
Abstract2class: Intracellular light-activation of riboswitch activity Abstract: By combining a riboswitch with a cell-permeable photocaged small-molecule ligand, an optochemical gene control element was constructed that enabled spatial and temporal control of gene expression in bacterial cells. The simplicity of this strategy, coupled with the ability to create synthetic riboswitches with tailored ligand specificities and output in a variety of microorganisms, plants, and fungi might afford a general strategy to photocontrol gene expression in vivo. The ability to activate riboswitches by using light enables the interrogation and manipulation of a wide range of biological processes with high precision, and will have broad utility in the regulation of artificial genetic circuits.	0
Abstract2class: GLUE that sticks to HIV: a helix-grafted GLUE protein that selectively binds the HIV gp41 N-terminal helical region Abstract: Methods for the stabilization of well-defined helical peptide drugs and basic research tools have received considerable attention in the last decade. Here, we report the stable and functional display of an HIV gp41 C-peptide helix mimic on a GRAM-Like Ubiquitin-binding in EAP45 (GLUE) protein. C-peptide helix-grafted GLUE selectively binds a mimic of the N-terminal helical region of gp41, a well-established HIV drug target, in a complex cellular environment. Additionally, the helix-grafted GLUE is folded in solution, stable in human serum, and soluble in aqueous solutions, and thus overcomes challenges faced by a multitude of peptide drugs, including those derived from HIV gp41 C-peptide.	0
Abstract2class: Allele-Specific Inhibition of Histone Demethylases Abstract: Histone demethylases play a critical role in mammalian gene expression by removing methyl groups from lysine residues in degree- and site-specific manner. To specifically interrogate members and isoforms of this class of enzymes, we have developed demethylase variants with an expanded active site. The mutant enzymes are capable of performing lysine demethylation with wild-type proficiency, but are sensitive to inhibition by cofactor-competitive molecules embellished with a complementary steric "bump". The selected inhibitors show more than 20-fold selectivity over the wild-type demethylase, thus overcoming issues typical to pharmacological and genetic approaches. The mutant-inhibitor pairs are shown to act on a physiologically relevant full-length substrate. By engineering a conserved amino acid to achieve member-specific perturbation, this study provides a general approach for studying histone demethylases in diverse cellular processes.	0
Abstract2class: Lessons in Organic Fluorescent Probe Discovery Abstract: Fluorescent probes have gained profound use in biotechnology, drug discovery, medical diagnostics, molecular and cell biology. The development of methods for the translation of fluorophores into fluorescent probes continues to be a robust field for medicinal chemists and chemical biologists, alike. Access to new experimental designs has enabled molecular diversification and led to the identification of new approaches to probe discovery. This review provides a synopsis of the recent lessons in modern fluorescent probe discovery.	0
Abstract2class: Remote Photodamaging of DNA by Photoinduced Energy Transport Abstract: Local DNA photodamaging by light is well-studied and leads to a number of structurally identified direct damage, in particular cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers, and indirect oxidatively generated damage, such as 8-oxo-7,8-hydroxyguanine. Similar damages have now been found at remote sites, at least more than 105 Å (30 base pairs) away from the site of photoexcitation. In contrast to the established mechanisms of local DNA photodamaging, the processes of remote photodamage are only partially understood. Known pathways include those to remote oxidatively generated DNA photodamages, which were elucidated by studying electron hole transport through the DNA about 20 years ago. Recent studies with DNA photosensitizers and mechanistic proposals on photoinduced DNA-mediated energy transport are summarized in this minireview. These new mechanisms to a new type of remote DNA photodamaging provide an important extension to our general understanding to light-induced DNA damage and their mutations.	0
Abstract2class: Olaparib-Based Photoaffinity Probes for PARP-1 Detection in Living Cells Abstract: The poly-ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP) is a protein from the family of ADP-ribosyltransferases that catalyzes polyadenosine diphosphate ribose (ADPR) formation in order to attract the DNA repair machinery to sites of DNA damage. The inhibition of PARP activity by olaparib can cause cell death, which is of clinical relevance in some tumor types. This demonstrates that quantification of PARP activity in the context of living cells is of great importance. In this work, we present the design, synthesis and biological evaluation of photo-activatable affinity probes inspired by the olaparib molecule that are equipped with a diazirine for covalent attachment upon activation by UV light and a ligation handle for the addition of a reporter group of choice. SDS-PAGE, western blotting and label-free LC-MS/MS quantification analysis show that the probes target the PARP-1 protein and are selectively outcompeted by olaparib; this suggests that they bind in the same enzymatic pocket. Proteomics data are available via ProteomeXchange with identifier PXD018661.	0
Abstract2class: 6-Substituted 2-Aminopurine-2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-Triphosphates that Trace Cytosine Methylation Abstract: Gene expression is extensively regulated by the occurrence and distribution of the epigenetic marker 2'-deoxy 5-methylcytosine (5mC) in genomic DNA. Because of its effects on tumorigenesis there is an important link to human health. In addition, detection of 5mC can serve as an outstanding biomarker for diagnostics as well as for disease therapy. Our previous studies have already shown that, by processing O(6) -alkylated 2'-deoxyguanosine triphosphate (dGTP) analogues, DNA polymerases are able to sense the presence of a single 5mC unit in a template. Here we present the synthesis and evaluation of an extended toolbox of 6-substituted 2-aminopurine-2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphates modified at position 6 with various functionalities. We found that sensing of 5-methylation by this class of nucleotides is more general, not being restricted to O(6) -alkyl modification of dGTP but also applying to other functionalities.	0
Abstract2class: Increasing the reaction rate of hydroxynitrile lyase from Hevea brasiliensis toward mandelonitrile by copying active site residues from an esterase that accepts aromatic esters Abstract: The natural substrate of hydroxynitrile lyase from rubber tree (HbHNL, Hevea brasiliensis) is acetone cyanohydrin, but synthetic applications usually involve aromatic cyanohydrins such as mandelonitrile. To increase the activity of HbHNL toward this unnatural substrate, we replaced active site residues in HbHNL with the corresponding ones from esterase SABP2 (salicylic acid binding protein 2). Although this enzyme catalyzes a different reaction (hydrolysis of esters), its natural substrate (methyl salicylate) contains an aromatic ring. Three of the eleven single-amino-acid-substitution variants of HbHNL reacted more rapidly with mandelonitrile. The best was HbHNL-L121Y, with a kcat 4.2 times higher and high enantioselectivity. Site-saturation mutagenesis at position 121 identified three other improved variants. We hypothesize that the smaller active site orients the aromatic substrate more productively.	0
Abstract2class: Histone tails: ideal motifs for probing epigenetics through chemical biology approaches Abstract: Post-translational modifications (PTMs) on histone proteins have emerged as a central theme in the regulation of gene expression and other chromatin-associated processes. The discovery that certain protein domains can recognize acetylated and methylated lysine residues of histones has spurred efforts to uncover and characterize histone PTM-binding proteins. In this task, chromatin biology has strongly benefited from synthetic approaches stemming from chemical biology. Peptide-based techniques have been instrumental in identifying histone mark-binding proteins and analyzing their binding specificities. To explore how histone PTMs carry out their function in the context of chromatin, reconstituted systems based on recombinant histones carrying defined modifications are increasingly being used. They constitute promising tools to analyze mechanistic aspects of histone PTMs, including their role in transcription and their transmission in replication. In this review, we present strategies that have been used successfully to investigate the role of histone modifications, concepts that have emerged from their application, and their potential to contribute to current developments in the field.	0
Abstract2class: Autoproteolytic fragments are intermediates in the oligomerization/aggregation of the Parkinson's disease protein alpha-synuclein as revealed by ion mobility mass spectrometry Abstract: Gas-phase protein separation by ion mobility: With its ability to separate the Parkinson's disease protein α-synuclein and its autoproteolytic products-despite the small concentrations of the latter-ion-mobility MS has enabled the characterization of intermediate fragments in in vitro oligomerization-aggregation. In particular, a possible key fragment, the highly aggregating C-terminal fragment, αSyn(72-140), has been revealed.	0
Abstract2class: Targeted Inhibition of Snail Activity in Breast Cancer Cells by Using a Co(III) -Ebox Conjugate Abstract: The transition from a non-invasive to an invasive phenotype is an essential step in tumor metastasis. The Snail family of transcription factors (TFs) is known to play a significant role in this transition. These TFs are zinc fingers that bind to the CAGGTG Ebox consensus sequence. Co(III) -Ebox is a cobalt(III) complex attached to an Ebox oligonucleotide that confers specificity towards Snail TFs. Co(III) -Ebox has been shown to inhibit Snail-mediated embryonic neural crest development in Xenopus laevis, but its efficacy in inhibiting Snail-induced cancer cell invasiveness has not been explored. Here, we describe the efficacy of Co(III) -Ebox in inhibiting the invasive aspects of heregulin-β1(HRG)-treated breast cancer cells. Co(III) -Ebox was found to inhibit the capacity of Snail to repress target genes after HRG induction. Snail inhibition by Co(III) -Ebox reduced the invasive propensity of cells in 2D and 3D, thereby demonstrating promise in inhibiting metastasis.	0
Abstract2class: Expanding the binding envelope of CYP51 inhibitors targeting Trypanosoma cruzi with 4-aminopyridyl-based sulfonamide derivatives Abstract: Chagas disease is a chronic infection caused by the protozoan parasite Trypanosoma cruzi, manifested in progressive cardiomyopathy and/or gastrointestinal dysfunction. Therapeutic options to prevent or treat Chagas disease are limited. CYP51, the enzyme key to the biosynthesis of eukaryotic membrane sterols, is a validated drug target in both fungi and T. cruzi. Sulfonamide derivatives of 4-aminopyridyl-based inhibitors of T. cruzi CYP51 (TcCYP51), including the sub-nanomolar compound 3, have molecular structures distinct from other validated CYP51 inhibitors. They augment the biologically relevant chemical space of molecules targeting TcCYP51. In a 2.08 Å X-ray structure, TcCYP51 is in a conformation that has been influenced by compound 3 and is distinct from the previously characterized ground-state conformation of CYP51 drug-target complexes. That the binding site was modulated in response to an incoming inhibitor for the first time characterizes TcCYP51 as a flexible target rather than a rigid template.	0
Abstract2class: An Expedient Synthesis of Flexible Nucleosides through Enzymatic Glycosylation of Proximal and Distal Fleximer Bases Abstract: The structurally unique "fleximer" nucleosides were originally designed to investigate how flexibility in a nucleobase could potentially affect receptor-ligand recognition and function. Recently they have been shown to have low-to-sub-micromolar levels of activity against a number of viruses, including coronaviruses, filoviruses, and flaviviruses. However, the synthesis of distal fleximers in particular has thus far been quite tedious and low yielding. As a potential solution to this issue, a series of proximal fleximer bases (flex-bases) has been successfully coupled to both ribose and 2'-deoxyribose sugars by using the N-deoxyribosyltransferase II of Lactobacillus leichmannii (LlNDT) and Escherichia coli purine nucleoside phosphorylase (PNP). To explore the range of this facile approach, transglycosylation experiments on a thieno-expanded tricyclic heterocyclic base, as well as several distal and proximal flex-bases were performed to determine whether the corresponding fleximer nucleosides could be obtained in this fashion, thus potentially significantly shortening the route to these biologically significant compounds. The results of those studies are reported herein.	0
Abstract2class: G-Quadruplex Formation in a Putative Coding Region of White Spot Syndrome Virus: Structural and Thermodynamic Aspects Abstract: White spot disease (WSD) is one of the most devastating viral infections of crustaceans caused by the white spot syndrome virus (WSSV). A conserved sequence WSSV131 in the DNA genome of WSSV was found to fold into a polymorphic G-quadruplex structure. Supported by two mutant sequences with single G→T substitutions in the third G4 tract of WSSV131, circular dichroism and NMR spectroscopic analyses demonstrate folding of the wild-type sequence into a three-tetrad parallel topology comprising three propeller loops with a major 1 : 3 : 1 and a minor 1 : 2 : 2 loop length arrangement. A thermodynamic analysis of quadruplex formation by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC) indicates a thermodynamically more stable 1 : 3 : 1 loop isomer. DSC also revealed the formation of additional highly stable multimeric species with populations depending on potassium ion concentration.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorescent visualization of Src by using dasatinib-BODIPY Abstract: Many biological experiments are not compatible with the use of immunofluorescence, genetically encoded fluorescent tags, or FRET-based reporters. Conjugation of existing kinase inhibitors to cell-permeable fluorophores can provide a generalized approach to develop fluorescent probes of intracellular kinases. Here, we report the development of a small molecule probe of Src through conjugation of BODIPY to two well-established dual Src-Abl kinase inhibitors, dasatinib and saracatinib. We show that this approach is not successful for saracatinib but that dasatinib-BODIPY largely retains the biological activity of its parent compound and can be used to monitor the presence of Src kinase in individual cells by flow cytometry. It can also be used to track the localization of Src by fixed and live-cell fluorescence microscopy. This strategy could enable generation of additional kinase-specific probes useful in systems not amenable to genetic manipulation or could be used together with fluorescent proteins to enable a multiplexed assay readout.	0
Abstract2class: A caged, destabilized, free radical intermediate in the q-cycle Abstract: The Rieske/cytochrome b complexes, also known as cytochrome bc complexes, catalyze a unique oxidant-induced reduction reaction at their quinol oxidase (Qo ) sites, in which substrate hydroquinone reduces two distinct electron transfer chains, one through a series of high-potential electron carriers, the second through low-potential cytochrome b. This reaction is a critical step in energy storage by the Q-cycle. The semiquinone intermediate in this reaction can reduce O2 to produce deleterious superoxide. It is yet unknown how the enzyme controls this reaction, though numerous models have been proposed. In previous work, we trapped a Q-cycle semiquinone anion intermediate, termed SQo , in bacterial cytochrome bc1 by rapid freeze-quenching. In this work, we apply pulsed-EPR techniques to determine the location and properties of SQo in the mitochondrial complex. In contrast to semiquinone intermediates in other enzymes, SQo is not thermodynamically stabilized, and can even be destabilized with respect to solution. It is trapped in Qo at a site that is distinct from previously described inhibitor-binding sites, yet sufficiently close to cytochrome bL to allow rapid electron transfer. The binding site and EPR analyses show that SQo is not stabilized by hydrogen bonds to proteins. The formation of SQo involves "stripping" of both substrate -OH protons during the initial oxidation step, as well as conformational changes of the semiquinone and Qo proteins. The resulting charged radical is kinetically trapped, rather than thermodynamically stabilized (as in most enzymatic semiquinone species), conserving redox energy to drive electron transfer to cytochrome bL while minimizing certain Q-cycle bypass reactions, including oxidation of prereduced cytochrome b and reduction of O2 .	0
Abstract2class: Biochemical Characterization of the Lysine Acetylation of Tyrosyl-tRNA Synthetase in Escherichia coli Abstract: Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (aaRSs) play essential roles in protein synthesis. As a member of the aaRS family, the tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase (TyrRS) in Escherichia coli has been shown in proteomic studies to be acetylated at multiple lysine residues. However, these putative acetylation targets have not yet been biochemically characterized. In this study, we applied a genetic-code-expansion strategy to site-specifically incorporate Nϵ -acetyl-l-lysine into selected positions of TyrRS for in vitro characterization. Enzyme assays demonstrated that acetylation at K85, K235, and K238 could impair the enzyme activity. In vitro deacetylation experiments showed that most acetylated lysine residues in TyrRS were sensitive to the E. coli deacetylase CobB but not YcgC. In vitro acetylation assays indicated that 25 members of the Gcn5-related N-acetyltransferase family in E. coli, including YfiQ, could not acetylate TyrRS efficiently, whereas TyrRS could be acetylated chemically by acetyl-CoA or acetyl-phosphate (AcP) only. Our in vitro characterization experiments indicated that lysine acetylation could be a possible mechanism for modulating aaRS enzyme activities, thus affecting translation.	0
Abstract2class: Lipid-like Peptides can Stabilize Integral Membrane Proteins for Biophysical and Structural Studies Abstract: A crucial bottleneck in membrane protein structural biology is the difficulty in identifying a detergent that can maintain the stability and functionality of integral membrane proteins (IMPs). Detergents are poor membrane mimics, and their common use in membrane protein crystallography may be one reason for the challenges in obtaining high-resolution crystal structures of many IMP families. Lipid-like peptides (LLPs) have detergent-like properties and have been proposed as alternatives for the solubilization of G protein-coupled receptors and other membrane proteins. Here, we systematically analyzed the stabilizing effect of LLPs on integral membrane proteins of different families. We found that LLPs could significantly stabilize detergent-solubilized IMPs in vitro. This stabilizing effect depended on the chemical nature of the LLP and the intrinsic stability of a particular IMP in the detergent. Our results suggest that screening a subset of LLPs is sufficient to stabilize a particular IMP, which can have a substantial impact on the crystallization and quality of the crystal.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of design strategies for promotion of beta-peptide 14-helix stability in water Abstract: Many short beta-peptides adopt well-defined conformations in organic solvents, but specialized stabilizing elements are required for folding to occur in aqueous solution. Several different strategies to stabilize the 14-helical secondary structure in water have been developed, and here we provide a direct comparison of three such strategies. We have synthesized and characterized beta-peptide heptamers in which variously a salt bridge between side chains, a covalent link between side chains, or two cyclically constrained residues have been incorporated to promote 14-helicity. The incorporation of a salt bridge does not generate significant 14-helicity in water, according to CD and 2D NMR data. In contrast, incorporation either of a lactam bridge between side chains or of cyclic residues results in stable 14-helices in water. The beta-peptides featuring trans-2-aminocyclohexanecarboxylic acid (ACHC) residues show the highest 14-helical backbone stability, with hardly any sensitivity to pH or ionic strength. The beta-peptides featuring side-chain-to-side-chain cyclization show lower 14-helical backbone stability and higher sensitivity to pH and ionic strength, but increased order between the side chains because of the cyclization.	0
Abstract2class: Simplified AIP-II Peptidomimetics Are Potent Inhibitors of Staphylococcus aureus AgrC Quorum Sensing Receptors Abstract: The bacterial pathogen Staphylococcus aureus controls many aspects of virulence by using the accessory gene regulator (agr) quorum sensing (QS) system. The agr system is activated by a macrocyclic peptide signal known as an autoinducing peptide (AIP). We sought to develop structurally simplified mimetics of AIPs for use as chemical tools to study QS in S. aureus. Herein, we report new peptidomimetic AgrC receptor inhibitors based on a tail-truncated AIP-II peptide that have almost analogous inhibitory activities to the parent peptide. Structural comparison of one of these peptidomimetics to the parent peptide and a highly potent, all-peptide-derived, S. aureus agr inhibitor (AIP-III D4A) revealed a conserved hydrophobic motif and overall amphipathic nature. Our results suggest that the AIP scaffold is amenable to structural mimicry and minimization for the development of synthetic agr inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical synthesis and immunological properties of oligosaccharides derived from the vegetative cell wall of Bacillus anthracis Abstract: Bacillus anthracis vaccine candidate: Sera of rabbits exposed to live and irradiated-killed spores of B. anthracis Sterne 34F2 or immunized with B. anthracis polysaccharide conjugated to KLH elicited antibodies that recognize isolated polysaccharide and two synthetic trisaccharides providing a proof-of-concept step in the development of vegetative and spore-specific reagents for detection and targeting of non-protein structures of B. anthracis.	0
Abstract2class: Isotopically Labeled Clickable Glutathione to Quantify Protein S-Glutathionylation Abstract: Protein S-glutathionylation is one of the important cysteine oxidation events that regulate various redox-mediated biological processes. Despite several existing methods, there are few proteomic approaches to identify and quantify specific cysteine residues susceptible to S-glutathionylation. We previously developed a clickable glutathione approach that labels intracellular glutathione with azido-Ala by using a mutant form of glutathione synthetase. In this study, we developed a quantification strategy with clickable glutathione by using isotopically labeled heavy and light derivatives of azido-Ala, which provides the relative quantification of glutathionylated peptides in mass spectrometry-based proteomic analysis. We applied isotopically labeled clickable glutathione to HL-1 cardiomyocytes, quantifying relative levels of 1398 glutathionylated peptides upon addition of hydrogen peroxide. Importantly, we highlight elevated levels of glutathionylation on sarcomere-associated muscle proteins while validating glutathionylation of two structural proteins, α-actinin and desmin. Our report provides a chemical proteomic strategy to quantify specific glutathionylated cysteines.	0
Abstract2class: Site-Specific Immobilization of the Peptidoglycan Synthase PBP1B on a Surface Plasmon Resonance Chip Surface Abstract: Surface plasmon resonance (SPR) is one of the most powerful label-free methods to determine the kinetic parameters of molecular interactions in real time and in a highly sensitive way. Penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) are peptidoglycan synthesis enzymes present in most bacteria. Established protocols to analyze interactions of PBPs by SPR involve immobilization to an ampicillin-coated chip surface (a β-lactam antibiotic mimicking its substrate), thereby forming a covalent complex with the PBPs transpeptidase (TP) active site. However, PBP interactions measured with a substrate-bound TP domain potentially affect interactions near the TPase active site. Furthermore, in vivo PBPs are anchored in the inner membrane by an N-terminal transmembrane helix, and hence immobilization at the C-terminal TPase domain gives an orientation contrary to the in vivo situation. We designed a new procedure: immobilization of PBP by copper-free click chemistry at an azide incorporated in the N terminus. In a proof-of-principle study, we immobilized Escherichia coli PBP1B on an SPR chip surface and used this for the analysis of the well-characterized interaction of PBP1B with LpoB. The site-specific incorporation of the azide affords control over protein orientation, thereby resulting in a homogeneous immobilization on the chip surface. This method can be used to study topology-dependent interactions of any (membrane) protein.	0
Abstract2class: Conformational Behaviour of Azasugars Based on Mannuronic Acid Abstract: A set of mannuronic-acid-based iminosugars, consisting of the C-5-carboxylic acid, methyl ester and amide analogues of 1deoxymannorjirimicin (DMJ), was synthesised and their pH-dependent conformational behaviour was studied. Under acidic conditions the methyl ester and the carboxylic acid adopted an "inverted" 1 C4 chair conformation as opposed to the "normal" 4 C1 chair at basic pH. This conformational change is explained in terms of the stereoelectronic effects of the ring substituents and it parallels the behaviour of the mannuronic acid ester oxocarbenium ion. Because of this solution-phase behaviour, the mannuronic acid ester azasugar was examined as an inhibitor for a Caulobacter GH47 mannosidase that hydrolyses its substrates by way of a reaction itinerary that proceeds through a 3 H4 transition state. No binding was observed for the mannuronic acid ester azasugar, but sub-atomic resolution data were obtained for the DMJ⋅CkGH47 complex, showing two conformations-3 S1 and 1 C4 -for the DMJ inhibitor.	0
Abstract2class: Engineered Human Induced Pluripotent Cells Enable Genetic Code Expansion in Brain Organoids Abstract: Human induced pluripotent stem cell (hiPSC) technology has revolutionized studies on human biology. A wide range of cell types and tissue models can be derived from hiPSCs to study complex human diseases. Here, we use PiggyBac-mediated transgenesis to engineer hiPSCs with an expanded genetic code. We demonstrate that genomic integration of expression cassettes for a pyrrolysyl-tRNA synthetase (PylRS), pyrrolysyl-tRNA (PylT) and the target protein of interest enables site-specific incorporation of a non-canonical amino acid (ncAA) in response to an amber stop codon. Neural stem cells, neurons and brain organoids derived from the engineered hiPSCs continue to express the amber suppression machinery and produce ncAA-bearing reporter. The incorporated ncAA can serve as a minimal bioorthogonal handle for further modifications by labeling with fluorescent dyes. Site-directed ncAA mutagenesis will open a wide range of applications to probe and manipulate proteins in brain organoids and other hiPSC-derived cell types and complex tissue models.	0
Abstract2class: FACS-based selection of tandem tetracysteine peptides with improved ReAsH brightness in live cells Abstract: Non-perturbing and site-specific in vivo protein labeling methods are highly desired as they allow researchers to probe complex cellular functions. The biarsenical/tetracysteine labeling system allows in situ fluorescent labeling of intracellular proteins which have been appended with small (12 amino acids) genetically encoded peptide tags. In this work we present the in vivo selection of semi-randomized tandem tetracysteine peptides with improved biarsenical (ReAsH) fluorescent brightness (~2-fold) relative to a single tetracysteine motif or rationally designed 3-fold tetracysteine repeat. We found that Fluorescence Activated Cell Sorting by direct ReAsH excitation as opposed to FRET-mediated ReAsH excitation was optimal for selecting 3×Tetracysteine peptides with enhanced brightness. The selected multimer-tetracysteine peptides display enhanced properties due to higher order ReAsH/3×Tetracysteine dye stoichiometries as opposed to enhancement of the individual core tetracysteine photophysical properties. In summary, we have isolated new 3×Tetracysteine motifs with improved ReAsH brightness in live cells. These modular tags should provide enhanced contrast for live cell imaging applications where small tag size (~4.8 KDa) is a requisite for protein labeling.	0
Abstract2class: Ultrastructural Imaging of Salmonella-Host Interactions Using Super-resolution Correlative Light-Electron Microscopy of Bioorthogonal Pathogens Abstract: The imaging of intracellular pathogens inside host cells is complicated by the low resolution and sensitivity of fluorescence microscopy and by the lack of ultrastructural information to visualize the pathogens. Herein, we present a new method to visualize these pathogens during infection that circumvents these problems: by using a metabolic hijacking approach to bioorthogonally label the intracellular pathogen Salmonella Typhimurium and by using these bioorthogonal groups to introduce fluorophores compatible with stochastic optical reconstruction microscopy (STORM) and placing this in a correlative light electron microscopy (CLEM) workflow, the pathogen can be imaged within its host cell context Typhimurium with a resolution of 20 nm. This STORM-CLEM approach thus presents a new approach to understand these pathogens during infection.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic Phenolic Glycolipids for Application in Diagnostic Tests for Leprosy Abstract: Point-of-care (POC) diagnostic tests for the rapid detection of individuals infected with Mycobacterium leprae, the causative pathogen of leprosy, represent efficient tools to guide therapeutic and prophylactic treatment strategies in leprosy control programs, thus positively contributing to clinical outcome and reducing transmission of this infectious disease. Levels of antibodies directed against the M. leprae-specific phenolic glycolipid I (PGL-I) closely correlate with an individual's bacterial load and a higher risk of developing leprosy. We describe herein the assembly of a set of PGL glycans carrying the characteristic phenol aglycon and featuring different methylation patterns. The PGL trisaccharides were applied to construct neoglycoproteins that were used to detect anti-PGL IgM antibodies in leprosy patients. ELISAs and quantitative lateral-flow assays based on up-converting nanoparticles (UCP-LFAs) showed that the generated PGL-I and PGL-II trisaccharide neoglycoconjugates can be applied for the detection of anti M. leprae IgM antibodies in POC tests.	0
Abstract2class: Cell surface display yields evolvable, clickable antibody fragments Abstract: Non-canonical amino acids (ncAAs) provide powerful tools for engineering the chemical and physical properties of proteins. However, introducing ncAAs into proteins can affect protein properties in unpredictable ways, thus necessitating screening efforts to identify mutants with desirable properties. In this work, we describe an Escherichia coli cell surface display platform for the directed evolution of clickable antibody fragments. This platform enabled isolation of antibody fragments with improved digoxigenin binding and modest affinity maturation in several different ncAA contexts. Azide-functionalized fragments exhibited improved binding kinetics relative to their methionine counterparts, facile chemical modification through azide-alkyne cycloaddition, and retention of binding properties after modification. The results described here suggest new possibilities for protein engineering, including modulation of molecular recognition events by ncAAs and direct screening of libraries of chemically modified proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Bioorthogonally Applicable Fluorescence Deactivation Strategy for Receptor Kinetics Study and Theranostic Pretargeting Approaches Abstract: The availability of a receptor for theranostic pretargeting approaches was assessed by use of a new click-chemistry-based deactivatable fluorescence-quenching concept. The efficacy was evaluated in a cell-based model system featuring both membranous (available) and internalized (unavailable) receptor fractions of the clinically relevant receptor chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4). Proof of concept was achieved with a deactivatable tracer consisting of a CXCR4-specific peptide functionalized with a Cy5 dye bearing a chemoselective azide handle (N3 -Cy5-AcTZ14011). Treatment with a Cy7 quencher dye (Cy7-DBCO) resulted in optically silent Cy7-[click]-Cy5-AcTZ14011. In situ, a >90 % FRET-based reduction of the signal intensity of N3 -Cy5-AcTZ14011 [KD =(222.4±25.2) nm] was seen within minutes after quencher addition. In cells, discrimination between the membranous and the internalized receptor fraction could be achieved through quantitative assessment of quenching/internalization kinetics. Similar evaluation of an activatable tracer variant based on the same targeting moiety (Cy5-S-S-Cy3-AcTZ14011) was unsuccessful in vitro. As such, using the described deactivatable approach to screen membrane receptors and their applicability in receptor-(pre-)targeted theranostics can become straightforward.	0
Abstract2class: The Generation and Exploitation of Protein Mutability Landscapes for Enzyme Engineering Abstract: The increasing number of enzyme applications in chemical synthesis calls for new engineering methods to develop the biocatalysts of the future. An interesting concept in enzyme engineering is the generation of large-scale mutational data in order to chart protein mutability landscapes. These landscapes allow the important discrimination between beneficial mutations and those that are neutral or detrimental, thus providing detailed insight into sequence-function relationships. As such, mutability landscapes are a powerful tool with which to identify functional hotspots at any place in the amino acid sequence of an enzyme. These hotspots can be used as targets for combinatorial mutagenesis to yield superior enzymes with improved catalytic properties, stability, or even new enzymatic activities. The generation of mutability landscapes for multiple properties of one enzyme provides the exciting opportunity to select mutations that are beneficial either for one or for several of these properties. This review presents an overview of the recent advances in the construction of mutability landscapes and discusses their importance for enzyme engineering.	0
Abstract2class: Simplified Monopalmitoyl Toll-like Receptor 2 Ligand Mini-UPam for Self-Adjuvanting Neoantigen-Based Synthetic Cancer Vaccines Abstract: Synthetic vaccines, based on antigenic peptides that comprise MHC-I and MHC-II T-cell epitopes expressed by tumors, show great promise for the immunotherapy of cancer. For optimal immunogenicity, the synthetic peptides (SPs) should be adjuvanted with suitable immunostimulatory additives. Previously, we have shown that improved immunogenicity in vivo is obtained with vaccine modalities in which an SP is covalently connected to an adjuvanting moiety, typically a ligand to Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2). SPs were covalently attached to UPam, which is a derivative of the classic TLR2 ligand Pam3 CysSK4 . A disadvantage of the triply palmitoylated UPam is its high lipophilicity, which precludes universal adoption of this adjuvant for covalent modification of various antigenic peptides as it renders the synthetic vaccine insoluble in several cases. Here, we report a novel conjugatable TLR2 ligand, mini-UPam, which contains only one palmitoyl chain, rather than three, and therefore has less impact on the solubility and other physicochemical properties of a synthetic peptide. In this study, we used SPs that contain the clinically relevant neoepitopes identified in a melanoma patient who completely recovered after T-cell therapy. Homogeneous mini-UPam-SP conjugates have been prepared in good yields by stepwise solid-phase synthesis that employed a mini-UPam building block pre-prepared in solution and the standard set of Fmoc-amino acids. The immunogenicity of the novel mini-UPam-SP conjugates was demonstrated by using the cancer patient's T-cells.	0
Abstract2class: Going forward laterally: transmembrane passage of hydrophobic molecules through protein channel walls Abstract: Regular phospholipid bilayers do not pose efficient barriers for the transport of hydrophobic molecules. The outer membrane (OM) surrounding Gram-negative bacteria is a nontypical, asymmetric bilayer with an outer layer of lipopolysaccharide (LPS). The sugar molecules of the LPS layer prevent spontaneous diffusion of hydrophobic molecules across the OM. As regular OM channels such as porins do not allow passage of hydrophobic molecules, specialized OM transport proteins are required for their uptake. Such proteins, exemplified by channels of the FadL family, transport their substrates according to a lateral diffusion mechanism. Here, substrates diffuse from the lumen of the beta-barrel laterally into the OM, through a stable opening in the wall of the barrel. In this way, the lipopolysaccharide barrier is bypassed and, by depositing the substrates into the OM, a driving force for uptake is provided. Lateral diffusion through protein channel walls also occurs in alpha-helical inner membrane proteins, and could represent a widespread mechanism for proteins that transport and interact with hydrophobic substrates.	0
Abstract2class: The Profile and Dynamics of RNA Modifications in Animals Abstract: More than a hundred distinct modified nucleosides have been identified in RNA, but little is known about their distribution across different organisms, their dynamic nature and their response to cellular and environmental stress. Mass-spectrometry-based methods have been at the forefront of identifying and quantifying modified nucleosides. However, they often require synthetic reference standards, which do not exist in the case of many modified nucleosides, and this therefore impedes their analysis. Here we use a metabolic labelling approach to achieve rapid generation of bio-isotopologues of the complete Caenorhabditis elegans transcriptome and its modifications and use them as reference standards to characterise the RNA modification profile in this multicellular organism through an untargeted liquid-chromatography tandem high-resolution mass spectrometry (LC-HRMS) approach. We furthermore show that several of these RNA modifications have a dynamic response to environmental stress and that, in particular, changes in the tRNA wobble base modification 5-methoxycarbonylmethyl-2-thiouridine (mcm5 s2 U) lead to codon-biased gene-expression changes in starved animals.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular Recognition in C-Type Lectins: The Cases of DC-SIGN, Langerin, MGL, and L-Sectin Abstract: Carbohydrates play a pivotal role in intercellular communication processes. In particular, glycan antigens are key for sustaining homeostasis, helping leukocytes to distinguish damaged tissues and invading pathogens from healthy tissues. From a structural perspective, this cross-talk is fairly complex, and multiple membrane proteins guide these recognition processes, including lectins and Toll-like receptors. Since the beginning of this century, lectins have become potential targets for therapeutics for controlling and/or avoiding the progression of pathologies derived from an incorrect immune outcome, including infectious processes, cancer, or autoimmune diseases. Therefore, a detailed knowledge of these receptors is mandatory for the development of specific treatments. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge about four key C-type lectins whose importance has been steadily growing in recent years, focusing in particular on how glycan recognition takes place at the molecular level, but also looking at recent progresses in the quest for therapeutics.	0
Abstract2class: Phosphorylation as a tool to modulate aggregation propensity and to predict fibril architecture Abstract: Despite the importance of post-translational modifications in controlling the solubility and conformational properties of proteins and peptides, precisely how the aggregation propensity of different peptide sequences is modulated by chemical modification remains unclear. Here we have investigated the effect of phosphorylation on the aggregation propensity of a 13-residue synthetic peptide incorporating one or more phosphate groups at seven different sites at various pH values. Fibril formation was shown to be inhibited when a single phosphate group was introduced at all seven locations in the peptide sequence at pH 7.5, when the phosphate group is fully charged. By contrast, when the same peptides were analysed at pH 1.1, when the phosphate is fully protonated, fibrils from all seven peptide sequences form rapidly. At intermediate pH values (pH 3.6) when the phosphate group is mono-anionic, the aggregation propensity of the peptides was found to be highly dependent on the position of the phosphate group in the peptide sequence. Using this information, combined with molecular dynamics (MD) simulations of the peptide sequence, we provide evidence consistent with the peptide forming amyloid fibrils with a class 7 architecture. The results highlight the potential utility of phosphorylation as a method of reversibly controlling the aggregation kinetics of peptide sequences both during and after synthesis. Moreover, by exploiting the ability of the phosphate group to adopt different charge states as a function of pH, and combining experimental insights with atomistic information calculated from MD simulations as pH is varied, we show how the resulting information can be used to predict fibril structures consistent with both datasets, and use these to rationalise their sensitivity of fibrillation kinetics both to the location of the phosphate group and its charge state.	0
Abstract2class: Base modification strategies to modulate immune stimulation by an siRNA Abstract: Immune stimulation triggered by siRNAs is one of the major challenges in the development of safe RNAi-based therapeutics. Within an immunostimulatory siRNA sequence, this hurdle is commonly addressed by using ribose modifications (e.g., 2'-OMe or 2'-F), which results in decreased cytokine production. However, as immune stimulation by siRNAs is a sequence-dependent phenomenon, recognition of the nucleobases by the trigger receptor(s) is also likely. Here, we use the recently published crystal structures of Toll-like receptor 8 (TLR8) bound to small-molecule agonists to generate computational models for ribonucleotide binding by this immune receptor. Our modeling suggested that modification of either the Watson-Crick or Hoogsteen face of adenosine would disrupt nucleotide/TLR8 interactions. We employed chemical synthesis to alter either the Watson-Crick or Hoogsteen face of adenosine and evaluated the effect of these modifications in an siRNA guide strand by measuring the immunostimulatory and RNA interference properties. For the siRNA guide strand tested, we found that modifying the Watson-Crick face is generally more effective at blocking TNFα production in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) than modification at the Hoogsteen edge. We also observed that modifications near the 5'-end were more effective at blocking cytokine production than those placed at the 3'-end. This work advances our understanding of how chemical modifications can be used to optimize siRNA performance.	0
Abstract2class: Guide Strand 3'-End Modifications Regulate siRNA Specificity Abstract: Short interfering RNA (siRNA)-triggered gene knockdown through the RNA interference (RNAi) pathway is widely used to study gene function, and siRNA-based therapeutics are in development. However, as the guide strand of an siRNA can function like a natural microRNA (miRNA), siRNAs often repress hundreds of off-target transcripts with complementarity only to the seed region (nucleotides 2-8) of the guide strand. Here, we describe novel guide strand 3'-end modifications derived from 1-ethynylribose (1-ER) and copper-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition reactions and evaluate their impact on target versus miRNA-like off-target knockdown. Surprisingly, when positioned at the guide strand 3'-end, the parent 1-ER modification substantially reduced off-target knockdown while having no measurable effect on on-target knockdown potency. In addition, these modifications were shown to modulate siRNA affinity for the hAgo2 PAZ domain. However, the change in PAZ domain binding affinity was not sufficient to predict the modification's effect on miRNA-like off targeting.	0
Abstract2class: Multivalent Antibody-Recruiting Macromolecules: Linking Increased Binding Affinity with Enhanced Innate Immune Killing Abstract: Antibody-recruiting molecules (ARMs) are a novel class of immunotherapeutics. They are capable of introducing antibodies onto disease-relevant targets such as cancer cells, bacterial cells or viruses. This can induce antibody-mediated immune responses such as antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC), complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) and antibody-dependent phagocytosis (ADCP), which can kill the pathogen. In contrast to the classic ARMs, multivalent ARMs could offer the advantage of increasing the efficiency of antibody recruitment and subsequent innate immune killing. Such compounds consist of multiple target-binding termini (TBT) and/or antibody-binding termini (ABT). Those multivalent interactions are able to convert low binding affinities into increased binding avidities. This minireview summarizes the current status of multivalent ARMs and gives insight into possible benefits, hurdles still to be overcome and future perspectives.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of Enzymes Catalyzing Transformations of Cysteine S-Conjugated Intermediates in the Lincosamide Biosynthetic Pathway Abstract: Lincosamides such as lincomycin A, celesticetin, and Bu-2545, constitute an important group of antibiotics. These natural products are characterized by a thiooctose linked to a l-proline residue, but they differ with regards to modifications of the thioacetal moiety, the pyrrolidine ring, and the octose core. Here we report that the pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent enzyme CcbF (celesticetin biosynthetic pathway) is a decarboxylating deaminase that converts a cysteine S-conjugated intermediate into an aldehyde. In contrast, the homologous enzyme LmbF (lincomycin biosynthetic pathway) catalyzes C-S bond cleavage of the same intermediate to afford a thioglycoside. We show that Ccb4 and LmbG (downstream methyltransferases) convert the aldehyde and thiol intermediates into a variety of methylated lincosamide compounds including Bu-2545. The substrates used in these studies are the β-anomers of the natural substrates. The findings not only provide insight into how the biosynthetic pathway of lincosamide antibiotics can bifurcate to generate different lincosamides, but also reveal the promiscuity of the enzymes involved.	0
Abstract2class: Site-specific protein cross-linking with genetically incorporated 3,4-dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine Abstract: Come together right now with L-DOPA: Chemical cross-linking is widely used to study protein-protein interactions. However, many cross-linking agents suffer from low reactivity or selectivity. An efficient and selective reaction of site-specific protein cross-linking was achieved using genetically incorporated 3,4-dihydroxy-L-phenylalanine.	0
Abstract2class: Organomercury Nucleic Acids: Past, Present and Future Abstract: Synthetic efforts towards nucleosides, nucleotides, oligonucleotides and nucleic acids covalently mercurated at one or more of their base moieties are summarized, followed by a discussion of the proposed, realized and abandoned applications of this unique class of compounds. Special emphasis is given to fields in which active research is ongoing, notably the use of HgII -mediated base pairing to improve the hybridization properties of oligonucleotide probes. Finally, this minireview attempts to anticipate potential future applications of organomercury nucleic acids.	0
Abstract2class: A chemical library approach to organic-modified peptide ligands for PDZ domain proteins: a synthetic, thermodynamic and structural investigation Abstract: PDZ domains are members of the protein interaction domain family,[1] semi-autonomous modules embedded within larger signaling proteins that impart a degree of exclusivity to the binding properties of their hosts. As mediators of mammalian protein-protein interactions that number in the hundreds, PDZ domains are party to a correspondingly large array of cellular processes, most notably those that regulate or support neuronal activities.[2] Specific, bioavailable molecular probes are needed to foster biological inquiries into their functions; towards this end, we report our recent progress in the discovery and development of PDZ domain inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Heparin antagonism by polyvalent display of cationic motifs on virus-like particles Abstract: Particles to the rescue! The construction of cationic amino acid motifs on the surface of bacteriophage Qbeta by genetic engineering or chemical conjugation gives particles that are potent inhibitors of the anticoagulant action of heparin, which is a common anticlotting agent subject to clinical overdose.Polyvalent interactions allow biological structures to exploit low-affinity ligand-receptor binding events to affect physiological responses. We describe here the use of bacteriophage Qbeta as a multivalent platform for the display of polycationic motifs that act as heparin antagonists. Point mutations to the coat protein allowed us to generate capsids bearing the K16M, T18R, N10R, or D14R mutations; because 180 coat proteins form the capsid, the mutants provide a spectrum of particles differing in surface charge by as much as +540 units (K16M vs. D14R). Whereas larger poly-Arg insertions (for example, C-terminal Arg(8)) did not yield intact virions, it was possible to append chemically synthesized oligo-Arg peptides to stable wild-type (WT) and K16M platforms. Heparin antagonism by the particles was evaluated by using the activated partial thrombin time (aPTT) clotting assay; this revealed that T18R, D14R, and WT-(R(8)G(2))(95) were the most effective at disrupting heparin-mediated anticoagulation (>95 % inhibition). This activity agreed with measurements of zeta potential (ZP) and retention time on cation exchange chromatography for the genetic constructs, which distribute their added positive charge over the capsid surface (+180 and +360 for T18R and D14R relative to WT). The potent activity of WT-(R(8)G(2))(95), despite its relatively diminished overall surface charge is likely a consequence of the particle's presentation of locally concentrated regions with high positive charge density that interact with heparin's extensively sulfated domains. The engineered cationic capsids retained their ability to inhibit heparin at high concentrations and showed no anticlotting activity of the kind that limits the utility of antiheparin polycationic agents that are currently in clinical use.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of mNeonGreen as a pH-Dependent, Turn-On Fluorescent Protein Sensor for Chloride Abstract: Chloride-sensitive fluorescent proteins generated from laboratory evolution have a characteristic tyrosine residue that interacts with a chloride ion and π-stacks with the chromophore. However, the engineered yellow-green fluorescent protein mNeonGreen lacks this interaction but still binds chloride, as seen in a recently reported crystal structure. Based on its unique coordination sphere, we were curious if chloride could influence the optical properties of mNeonGreen. Here, we present the structure-guided identification and spectroscopic characterization of mNeonGreen as a turn-on fluorescent protein sensor for chloride. Our results show that chloride binding lowers the chromophore pKa and shifts the equilibrium away from the weakly fluorescent phenol form to the highly fluorescent phenolate form, resulting in a pH-dependent, turn-on fluorescence response. Moreover, through mutagenesis, we link this sensing mechanism to a non-coordinating residue in the chloride binding pocket. This discovery sets the stage to further engineer mNeonGreen as a new fluorescent protein-based tool for imaging cellular chloride.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic Insight into the Catalytic Promiscuity of Amine Dehydrogenases: Asymmetric Synthesis of Secondary and Primary Amines Abstract: Biocatalytic asymmetric amination of ketones, by using amine dehydrogenases (AmDHs) or transaminases, is an efficient method for the synthesis of α-chiral primary amines. A major challenge is to extend amination to the synthesis of secondary and tertiary amines. Herein, for the first time, it is shown that AmDHs are capable of accepting other amine donors, thus giving access to enantioenriched secondary amines with conversions up to 43 %. Surprisingly, in several cases, the promiscuous formation of enantiopure primary amines, along with the expected secondary amines, was observed. By conducting practical laboratory experiments and computational experiments, it is proposed that the promiscuous formation of primary amines along with secondary amines is due to an unprecedented nicotinamide (NAD)-dependent formal transamination catalysed by AmDHs. In nature, this type of mechanism is commonly performed by pyridoxal 5'-phosphate aminotransferase and not by dehydrogenases. Finally, a catalytic pathway that rationalises the promiscuous NAD-dependent formal transamination activity and explains the formation of the observed mixture of products is proposed. This work increases the understanding of the catalytic mechanism of NAD-dependent aminating enzymes, such as AmDHs, and will aid further research into the rational engineering of oxidoreductases for the synthesis of α-chiral secondary and tertiary amines.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of pharmacological chaperones for Gaucher disease and characterization of their effects on beta-glucocerebrosidase by hydrogen/deuterium exchange mass spectrometry Abstract: Point mutations in beta-glucocerebrosidase (GCase) can result in a deficiency of both GCase activity and protein in lysosomes thereby causing Gaucher Disease (GD). Enzyme inhibitors such as isofagomine, acting as pharmacological chaperones (PCs), increase these levels by binding and stabilizing the native form of the enzyme in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), and allow increased lysosomal transport of the enzyme. A high-throughput screen of the 50,000-compound Maybridge library identified two, non-carbohydrate-based inhibitory molecules, a 2,4-diamino-5-substituted quinazoline (IC(50) 5 microM) and a 5-substituted pyridinyl-2-furamide (IC(50) 8 microM). They raised the levels of functional GCase 1.5-2.5-fold in N370S or F213I GD fibroblasts. Immunofluorescence confirmed that treated GD fibroblasts had decreased levels of GCase in their ER and increased levels in lysosomes. Changes in protein dynamics, monitored by hydrogen/deuterium-exchange mass spectrometry, identified a domain III active-site loop (residues 243-249) as being significantly stabilized upon binding of isofagomine or either of these two new compounds; this suggests a common mechanism for PC enhancement of intracellular transport.	0
Abstract2class: A Defined and Flexible Pocket Explains Aryl Substrate Promiscuity of the Cahuitamycin Starter Unit-Activating Enzyme CahJ Abstract: Cahuitamycins are biofilm inhibitors assembled by a convergent nonribosomal peptide synthetase pathway. Previous genetic analysis indicated that a discrete enzyme, CahJ, serves as a gatekeeper for cahuitamycin structural diversification. Here, the CahJ protein was probed structurally and functionally to guide the formation of new analogues by mutasynthetic studies. This analysis enabled the in vivo production of a new cahuitamycin congener through targeted precursor incorporation.	0
Abstract2class: High-throughput bead-based identification of structure-switching aptamer beacons Abstract: We describe a new platform to identify structure-switching DNA beacon aptamers, which detect small molecules in a specific manner. By clonally amplifying a DNA library designed to fluoresce in response to binding events onto microbeads, aptamer beacons can be selected by stringent fluorescence-assisted sorting. We validated this method by isolating known and novel anti-steroid aptamers from two separate DNA libraries that were structurally enriched with three-way junctions. Importantly, aptamers were retrieved in only a few (three) rounds of selection by this approach and did not require further optimization, significantly streamlining the process of beacon development.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic Encoding of a Bioconjugation Handle for [2+2+2] Cycloaddition Reactions Abstract: Protein bioconjugates have many critical applications, especially in the development of therapeutics. Consequently, the design of novel methodologies to prepare protein bioconjugates is of great importance. Herein we present the development and optimization of a novel strategy to prepare bioconjugates through a genetically encoded [2+2+2] cycloaddition reaction. To do this, a novel unnatural amino acid (UAA) containing a dipropargyl amine functionality was synthesized and incorporated site specifically. This UAA-containing protein was reacted with an alkyne-containing fluorophore to afford a covalently linked, well-defined protein bioconjugate. This reaction is convenient with an optimized reaction time of just two hours at room temperature and yields a stable, polysubstituted benzene ring. Overall, this work contributes a new bioconjugation strategy to the growing toolbox of reactions to develop protein bioconjugates, which have a myriad of applications.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoenzymatic synthesis of bifunctional polyubiquitin substrates for monitoring ubiquitin chain remodeling Abstract: Covalent attachment of ubiquitin to target proteins is one of the most pervasive post-translational modifications in eukaryotes. Target proteins are often modified with polymeric ubiquitin chains of defined lengths and linkages that may further undergo dynamic changes in composition in response to cellular signals. Biochemical characterization of the enzymes responsible for building and destroying ubiquitin chains is often thwarted by the lack of methods for preparation of the appropriate substrates containing probes for biochemical or biophysical studies. We have discovered that a yeast ubiquitin C-terminal hydrolase (Yuh1) also catalyzes transamidation reactions that can be exploited to prepare site-specifically modified polyubiquitin chains produced by thiol-ene chemistry. We have used this chemoenzymatic approach to prepare dual-functionalized ubiquitin chains containing fluorophore and biotin modifications. These dual-functionalized ubiquitin chains enabled the first real-time assay of ubiquitin chain disassembly by a human deubiquitinase (DUB) enzyme by single molecule fluorescence microscopy. In summary, this work provides a powerful new tool for elucidating the mechanisms of DUBs and other ubiquitin processing enzymes.	0
Abstract2class: Acyl Histidines: New N-Acyl Amides from Legionella pneumophila Abstract: Legionella pneumophila, the causative agent of Legionnaires' disease, is a Gram-negative gammaproteobacterial pathogen that infects and intracellularly replicates in human macrophages and a variety of protozoa. L. pneumophila encodes an orphan biosynthetic gene cluster (BGC) that contains isocyanide-associated biosynthetic genes and is upregulated during infection. Because isocyanide-functionalized metabolites are known to harbor invertebrate innate immunosuppressive activities in bacterial pathogen-insect interactions, we used pathway-targeted molecular networking and tetrazine-based chemoseletive ligation chemistry to characterize the metabolites from the orphan pathway in L. pneumophila. We also assessed their intracellular growth contributions in an amoeba and in murine bone-marrow-derived macrophages. Unexpectedly, two distinct groups of aromatic amino acid-derived metabolites were identified from the pathway, including a known tyrosine-derived isocyanide and a family of new N-acyl-l-histidine metabolites.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of a Cell-Active SuTEx Ligand of Prostaglandin Reductase 2 Abstract: Sulfonyl-triazoles have emerged as a new reactive group for covalent modification of tyrosine sites on proteins through sulfur-triazole exchange (SuTEx) chemistry. The extent to which this sulfur electrophile can be tuned for developing ligands with cellular activity remains largely underexplored. Here, we performed fragment-based ligand discovery in live cells to identify SuTEx compounds capable of liganding tyrosine sites on diverse protein targets. We verified our quantitative chemical proteomic findings by demonstrating concentration-dependent activity of SuTEx ligands, but not inactive counterparts, against recombinant protein targets directly in live cells. Our structure-activity relationship studies identified the SuTEx ligand HHS-0701 as a cell-active inhibitor capable of blocking prostaglandin reductase 2 (PTGR2) biochemical activity.	0
Abstract2class: Real-Time BODIPY-Binding Assay To Screen Inhibitors of the Early Oligomerization Process of Aβ1-42 Peptide Abstract: Misfolding and aggregation of amyloid β1-42 peptide (Aβ1-42) play a central role in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Targeting the highly cytotoxic oligomeric species formed during the early stages of the aggregation process represents a promising therapeutic strategy to reduce the toxicity associated with Aβ1-42. Currently, the thioflavin T (ThT) assay is the only established spectrofluorometric method to screen aggregation inhibitors. The success of the ThT assay is that it can detect Aβ1-42 aggregates with high β-sheet content, such as protofibrils or fibrils, which appear in the late aggregation steps. Unfortunately, by using the ThT assay, the detection of inhibitors of early soluble oligomers that present a low β-sheet character is challenging. Herein, a new, facile, and robust boron-dipyrromethene (BODIPY) real-time assay suitable for 96-well plate format, which allows screening of compounds as selective inhibitors of the formation of Aβ1-42 oligomers, is reported. These inhibitors decrease the cellular toxicity of Aβ1-42, although they fail in the ThT assay. The findings have been confirmed and validated by structural analysis and cell viability assays under comparable experimental conditions. It is demonstrated that the BODIPY assay is a convenient method to screen and discover new candidate compounds that slow down or stop the pathological early oligomerization process and are active in the cellular assay. Therefore, it is a suitable complementary screening method of the current ThT assay.	0
Abstract2class: Increased Valency Improves Inhibitory Activity of Peptides Targeting Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9 (PCSK9) Abstract: Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) is a clinically validated target for treating hypercholesterolemia. Peptide-based PCSK9 inhibitors have attracted pharmaceutical interest, but the effect of multivalency on bioactivity is poorly understood. Here we designed bivalent and tetravalent dendrimers, decorated with the PCSK9 inhibitory peptides Pep2-8[RRG] or P9-38, to study relationships between peptide binding affinity, peptide valency, and PCSK9 inhibition. Increased valency resulted in improved PCSK9 inhibition for both peptides, with activity improvements of up to 100-fold achieved for the P9-38-decorated dendrimers compared to monomeric P9-38 in in vitro competition binding assays. Furthermore, the P9-38-decorated dendrimers showed improved potency at restoring functional low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor levels and internalizing LDL in the presence of PCSK9, demonstrating significant cell-based activity at picomolar concentrations. This study demonstrates the potential of increasing valency as a strategy for increasing the efficacy of peptide-based PCSK9 therapeutics.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoselective immobilization of proteins by microcontact printing and bio-orthogonal click reactions Abstract: Herein, a combination of microcontact printing of functionalized alkanethiols and site-specific modification of proteins is utilized to chemoselectively immobilize proteins onto gold surfaces, either by oxime- or copper-catalyzed alkyne-azide click chemistry. Two molecules capable of click reactions were synthesized, an aminooxy-functionalized alkanethiol and an azide-functionalized alkanethiol, and self-assembled monolayer (SAM) formation on gold was confirmed by IR spectroscopy. The alkanethiols were then individually patterned onto gold surfaces by microcontact printing. Site-specifically modified proteins-horse heart myoglobin (HHMb) containing an N-terminal α-oxoamide and a red fluorescent protein (mCherry-CVIA) with a C-terminal alkyne-were immobilized by incubation onto respective stamped functionalized alkanethiol patterns. Pattern formation was confirmed by fluorescence microscopy.	0
Abstract2class: New Vocabulary for Bacterial Communication Abstract: Quorum sensing (QS) is widely accepted as a procedure that bacteria use to converse. However, prevailing thinking places acyl homoserine lactones (AHLs) at the forefront of this communication pathway in Gram-negative bacteria. With the advent of high-throughput genomics and the subsequent influx of bacterial genomes, bioinformatics analysis has determined that the genes encoding AHL biosynthesis, originally discovered to be indispensable for QS (LuxI-like proteins and homologues), are often absent in QS-capable bacteria. Instead, the sensing protein (LuxR-like proteins) is present with an apparent inability to produce any outgoing AHL signal. Recently, several signals for these LuxR solos have been identified. Herein, advances in the field of QS are discussed, with a particular focus on recent research in the field of bacterial cell-cell communication.	0
Abstract2class: Asymmetric Reduction of (R)-Carvone through a Thermostable and Organic-Solvent-Tolerant Ene-Reductase Abstract: Ene-reductases allow regio- and stereoselective reduction of activated C=C double bonds at the expense of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide cofactors [NAD(P)H]. Biological NAD(P)H can be replaced by synthetic mimics to facilitate enzyme screening and process optimization. The ene-reductase FOYE-1, originating from an acidophilic iron oxidizer, has been described as a promising candidate and is now being explored for applied biocatalysis. Biological and synthetic nicotinamide cofactors were evaluated to fuel FOYE-1 to produce valuable compounds. A maximum activity of (319.7±3.2) U mg-1 with NADPH or of (206.7±3.4) U mg-1 with 1-benzyl-1,4-dihydronicotinamide (BNAH) for the reduction of N-methylmaleimide was observed at 30 °C. Notably, BNAH was found to be a promising reductant but exhibits poor solubility in water. Different organic solvents were therefore assayed: FOYE-1 showed excellent performance in most systems with up to 20 vol% solvent and at temperatures up to 40 °C. Purification and application strategies were evaluated on a small scale to optimize the process. Finally, a 200 mL biotransformation of 750 mg (R)-carvone afforded 495 mg of (2R,5R)-dihydrocarvone (>95 % ee), demonstrating the simplicity of handling and application of FOYE-1.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of penicillinase synthesis: a mutation in Staphylococcus aureus unlinked to the penicillinase plasmid that reduced penicillinase inducibility Abstract: A mutant of Staphylococcus aureus strain 655 was isolated that is restricted in penicillinase induction. Wild-type plasmids that bear penicillinase determinants could not be fully induced in this mutant, 655par-1; hence, the responsible mutation is not located on the plasmid. Mutant plasmid PI(258)penI443, which produces penicillinase constitutively in wild-type cells, was fully constitutive for penicillinase production when it was harbored by mutant 655par-1. Therefore, the bacterial mutation does not interfere directly with the transcription of the penZ gene or translation of the penicillinase messenger ribonucleic acid. Mutant plasmid PII(147)penI220 was fully inducible in the mutant bacterium, even though the wild-type plasmid PII(147) was only partially inducible in the par-1 mutant. Thus, in the presence of inducer, complementation appears to occur between the product of the par-1 gene and the product of the penI220 gene. These results suggest that the par-1 gene codes for a penicillinase antire-pressor.	0
Abstract2class: NOVEL Escherichia coli dnaB mutant: direct involvement of the dnaB252 gene product in the synthesis of an origin-ribonucleic acid species during initiaion of a round of deoxyribonucleic acid replication Abstract: The initiation process of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) replication in Escherichia coli has been studied using the thermoreversible dna initiation mutant E. coli HfrHl65/120/6 dna-252. This dna mutation was incorrectly classed as a dnaA mutation. Biochemical and genetic evidence suggests that the dna-252 mutant is a novel dnaB mutant, possessing phenotypic properties which distinguish it from other dnaB mutants. Sensitivity of reinitiation in the dna-252 mutant to specific inhibitors of protein, ribonucleic acid (RNA), and DNA synthesis was studied. Reinitiation is shown to be sensitive to rifampin and streptolydigin but not to cholramphenicol. Thus, the dna-252 gene product appears to be required during the initiation process for a step occurring either before or during synthesis of an RNA species (origin-RNA). Using reversible inhibition of RNA synthesis by streptolydigin of a streptolydigin-sensitive derivative of the dna-252 mutant, the dna-252 gene product is shown to be directly involved in the synthesis of an orgin-RNA species. These results are included in a schematic model presented in the accompanying paper of the temporal sequence of events occurring during the initiation process.	0
Abstract2class: Temporal sequence of events during the initiation process in Escherichia coli deoxyribonucleic acid replication: roles of the dnaA and dnaC gene products and ribonucleic acid polymerase Abstract: Three thermosensitive deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) initiation mutants of Escherichia coli exposed to the restrictive temperature for one to two generations were examined for the ability to reinitiate DNA replication after returning to the permissive temperature in the presence of rifampin, chloramphenicol, or nalidixic acid. Reinitiation in the dnaA mutant was inhibited by rifampin but not by chloramphenicol, whereas renitiation was not inhibited by rifampin but not by chloramphenicol, whereas reinitiation was not inhibited in two dnaC mutants by either rifampin or chloramphenicol. To observe the rifampin inhibition, the antibiotic must be added at least 10 min before return to the permissive temperature. The rifampin inhibition of reinitiation was not observed when a rifampin-resistant ribonucleic acid ((RNA) polymerase gene was introduced into the dnaA mutant, demonstrating that RNA polymerase synthesizes one or more RNA species required for the initation of DNA replication (origin-RNA). Reinitiation at 30 degrees C was not inhibited by streptolydigin in a stretolydigin-sensitive dnaA muntant. Incubation in the presence of nalidixic acid prevented subsequent reinitiation in the dnaC28 mutant but did not inhibit reinitiation in the dnaA5 muntant. These results demonstrate that the dnaA gene product acts before or during the synthesis of an origin-RNA, RNA polymerase synthesizes this origin RNA, and the dnaC gene product is involved in a step after this RNA synthesis event. Furthermore, these results suggest that the dnaC gene product is involved in the first deoxyribounucleotide polymerization event wheareas the dnaA gene product acts prior to this event. A model is presented describing the temporal sequence of events that occur during initiation of a round of DNA replication, based on results in this and the accompanying paper.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic organization and sequence of the Pseudomonas cepacia genes for the alpha and beta subunits of protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase Abstract: The locations of the genes for the alpha and beta subunits of protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.3) on a 9.5-kilobase-pair PstI fragment cloned from the Pseudomonas cepacia DBO1 chromosome were determined. This was accomplished through the construction of several subclones into the broad-host-range cloning vectors pRO2317, pRO2320, and pRO2321. The ability of each subclone to complement mutations in protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase (pcaA) was tested in mutant strains derived from P. cepacia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Pseudomonas putida. These complementation studies also showed that the two subunits were expressed from the same promoter. The nucleotide sequence of the region encoding for protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase was determined. The deduced amino acid sequence matched that determined by N-terminal analysis of regions of the isolated enzyme. Although over 400 nucleotides were sequenced before the start of the genes, no homology to known promoters was found. However, a terminator stem-loop structure was found immediately after the genes. The deduced amino acid sequence showed extensive homology with the previously determined amino acid sequence of protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase from another Pseudomonas species.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning, expression, and regulation of the Pseudomonas cepacia protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase genes Abstract: The genes for the alpha and beta subunits of the enzyme protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.3) were cloned from the Pseudomonas cepacia DBO1 chromosome on a 9.5-kilobase-pair PstI fragment into the broad-host-range cloning vector pRO2317. The resultant clone was able to complement protocatechuate 3,4-dioxugenase mutations in P. cepacia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Pseudomonas putida. Expression studies showed that the genes were constitutively expressed and subject to catabolite repression in the heterologous host. Since the cloned genes exhibited normal induction patterns when present in P. cepacia DBO1, it was concluded that induction was subject to negative control. Regulatory studies with P. cepacia wild-type and mutant strains showed that protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase is induced either by protocatechuate or by beta-carboxymuconate. Further studies of P. cepacia DBO1 showed that p-hydroxybenzoate hydroxylase (EC 1.14.13.2), the preceding enzyme in the pathway, is induced by p-hydroxybenzoate and that beta-carboxymuconate lactonizing enzyme, which catalyzes the reaction following protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase, is induced by both p-hydroxybenzoate and beta-ketoadipate.	0
Abstract2class: Evolution of vitamin B2 biosynthesis: 6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthases of Brucella Abstract: The penultimate step in the biosynthesis of riboflavin (vitamin B2) involves the condensation of 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone 4-phosphate with 5-amino-6-ribitylamino-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione, which is catalyzed by 6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthase (lumazine synthase). Pathogenic Brucella species adapted to an intracellular lifestyle have two genes involved in riboflavin synthesis, ribH1 and ribH2, which are located on different chromosomes. The ribH2 gene was shown previously to specify a lumazine synthase (type II lumazine synthase) with an unusual decameric structure and a very high Km for 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone 4-phosphate. Moreover, the protein was found to be an immunodominant Brucella antigen and was able to generate strong humoral as well as cellular immunity against Brucella abortus in mice. We have now cloned and expressed the ribH1 gene, which is located inside a small riboflavin operon, together with two other putative riboflavin biosynthesis genes and the nusB gene, specifying an antitermination factor. The RibH1 protein (type I lumazine synthase) is a homopentamer catalyzing the formation of 6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine at a rate of 18 nmol mg(-1) min(-1). Sequence comparison of lumazine synthases from archaea, bacteria, plants, and fungi suggests a family of proteins comprising archaeal lumazine and riboflavin synthases, type I lumazine synthases, and the eubacterial type II lumazine synthases.	0
Abstract2class: REVERSAL OF d-CYCLOSERINE INHIBITION OF BACTERIAL GROWTH BY ALANINE Abstract: Zygmunt, Walter A. (Mead Johnson & Co., Evansville, Ind.). Reversal of d-cycloserine inhibition of bacterial growth by alanine. J. Bacteriol. 84:154-156. 1962.-Reversal of the antibacterial activity of d-4-amino-3-isoxazolidone by alanine in bacterial cultures actively growing on chemically defined media was compared in cultures requiring exogenous alanine and those capable of its synthesis. dl-Alanine was the most effective reversal agent in Pediococcus cerevisiae, an alanine-requiring organism, and d-alanine was effective in Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus, organisms synthesizing alanine. With all three cultures, l-alanine was the least effective reversal agent.	0
Abstract2class: ANTAGONISM OF D-CYCLOSERINE INHIBITION OF MYCOBACTERIAL GROWTH BY D-ALANINE Abstract: Zygmunt, Walter A. (Mead Johnson & Co., Evansville, Ind.). Antagonism of d-cycloserine inhibition of mycobacterial growth by d-alanine. J. Bacteriol. 85:1217-1220. 1963.-Reversal of the antimycobacterial activity of d-4-amino-3-isoxazolidinone (d-cycloserine) by alanine in two species of mycobacteria actively growing on chemically defined media was compared. In both instances, d-alanine was the most effective reversal agent. The specificity with which the d isomer reversed the antimycobacterial activity of d-cycloserine was more pronounced than that observed with other species of bacteria. Mycobactin, a growth factor for certain mycobacteria, showed no reversal activity.	0
Abstract2class: Cytoplasmic pH homeostasis in an acidophilic bacterium, Thiobacillus acidophilus Abstract: The cytoplasmic buffering capacity of Thiobacillus acidophilus (along with membrane properties) is responsible for the cytoplasmic pH homeostasis in metabolically compromised cells. When a large influx of H+ occurs, the cytoplasmic buffering capacity prevents drastic changes in pH; in addition, this influx, by increasing the positive membrane potential, eventually leads to a cessation of further H+ influx.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of starvation on cytoplasmic pH, proton motive force, and viability of an acidophilic bacterium, Thiobacillus acidophilus Abstract: The question of whether Thiobacillus acidophilus maintains its cytoplasmic pH at values close to neutrality by active or passive means was explored by subjecting the organism to long-term starvation (up to 22 days). Starving cells maintained a delta pH of 2 to 3 U throughout starvation, although cellular poly-beta-hydroxybutyric acid and ATP, the proton motive force, and culture viability were low or not detectable after 200 h. Cells exposed to azide or azide plus N,N'-dicyclohexylcarbodiimide immediately exhibited characteristics of cells starved for more than 200 h. Thus, a large delta pH in T. acidophilus was maintained in the absence of ATP, ATPase activity, respiration, significant levels of proton motive force, and cell viability and was therefore not dependent on chemiosmotic ionic pumping. The transition from a metabolically active to an inactive state was accompanied by a large increase in the positive membrane potential, which nearly completely compensated for the delta pH in the inactive cells. The longevity of the acidophile during starvation was comparable to that reported previously for neutrophiles, and the loss of viability occurred not because of the acidification of the cytoplasm but apparently because of energy depletion.	0
Abstract2class: Immunological relationships among some species of extremely halophilic bacteria Abstract: Rabbits were immunized with four strains of halobacteria, Halobacterium halobium NRL, H. halobium R-1, H. salinarium NRL-9, and H. cutirubrum NRL-10, that had been fixed with formaldehyde. The antisera obtained detected the presence of an antigen common to the Halobacterium genus and, after absorption, detected three distinct antigenic groups within the Halobacterium genus. A fourth group was agglutinated only by unabsorbed sera.	0
Abstract2class: Preferential selection of deletion mutations of the outer membrane lipoprotein gene of Escherichia coli by globomycin Abstract: Globomycin is an antibiotic which inhibits the processing of the prolipoprotein. Eighty globomycin-resistant mutants were independently isolated from Escherichia coli K-12 which had a deletion mutation in chromosomal lipoprotein gene (lpp), but contained a plasmid carrying the wild-type lpp gene. Twenty-six of the mutants did not have the lipoprotein in the membrane fractions. From the analysis of the plasmids of these mutants, all of the lipoprotein-deficient mutations were found to be due to deletion mutations around the lpp gene.	0
Abstract2class: Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaebacterium Pyrococcus woesei: characterization of the enzyme, cloning and sequencing of the gene, and expression in Escherichia coli Abstract: The glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaebacterium Pyrococcus woesei (optimal growth temperature, 100 to 103 degrees C) was purified to homogeneity. This enzyme was strictly phosphate dependent, utilized either NAD+ or NADP+, and was insensitive to pentalenolactone like the enzyme from the methanogenic archaebacterium Methanothermus fervidus. The enzyme exhibited a considerable thermostability, with a 44-min half-life at 100 degrees C. The amino acid sequence of the glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase from P. woesei was deduced from the nucleotide sequence of the coding gene. Compared with the enzyme homologs from mesophilic archaebacteria (Methanobacterium bryantii, Methanobacterium formicicum) and an extremely thermophilic archaebacterium (Methanothermus fervidus), the primary structure of the P. woesei enzyme exhibited a strikingly high proportion of aromatic amino acid residues and a low proportion of sulfur-containing residues. The coding gene of P. woesei was expressed at a high level in Escherichia coli, thus providing an ideal basis for detailed structural and functional studies of that enzyme.	0
Abstract2class: Expression of Caulobacter dnaA as a function of the cell cycle Abstract: The initiation of DNA replication is under differential control in Caulobacter crescentus. Following cell division, only the chromosome in the progeny stalked cell is able to initiate DNA replication, while the chromosome in the progeny swarmer cell does not replicate until later in the cell cycle. We have isolated the dnaA gene in order to determine whether this essential and ubiquitous replication initiation protein also contributes to differential replication control in C. crescentus. Analysis of the cloned C. crescentus dnaA gene has shown that the deduced amino acid sequence can encode a 486-amino-acid protein that is 37% identical to the DnaA protein of Escherichia coli. The gene is located 2 kb from the origin of replication. Primer extension analysis revealed a single transcript originating from a sigma 70-type promoter. Immunoprecipitation of a DnaA'-beta-lactamase fusion protein showed that although expression occurs throughout the cell cycle, there is a doubling in the rate of expression just prior to the initiation of replication.	0
Abstract2class: Glycerol kinase, the pacemaker for the dissimilation of glycerol in Escherichia coli Abstract: The activity of glycerol kinase is rate-limiting in the metabolism of glycerol by cells of Escherichia coli. A mutant strain producing a glycerol kinase resistant to inhibition by fructose-1,6-diphosphate grows faster than its wild-type parent on glycerol as the sole source of carbon and energy. The amount of intracellular fructose-1,6-diphosphate was determined for wild-type cells growing exponentially on glycerol. The water content of such cells was also determined, allowing calculation of the intracellular concentration of fructose-1,6-diphosphate. This value, 1.7 mm, is adequate to exert substantial inhibition on the wild-type glycerol kinase. The desensitization of glycerol kinase to feedback inhibition also enhances the power of glycerol to exert catabolite repression, both on the enzymes of the glycerol system itself and on those of the lactose system. However, desensitization of glycerol kinase alone does not eliminate the phenomenon of diauxic growth in a glucose-glycerol medium. Biphasic growth in such a medium is abolished if the altered enzyme is produced constitutively. The constitutive production of the mutant kinase at high levels, however, renders the cells vulnerable to glycerol. Thus, when the cells have been grown on a carbon source with a low power for catabolite repression, e.g., succinate, sudden exposure to glycerol leads to overconsumption of the nutrient and cell death.	0
Abstract2class: Regulatory mutations affecting the gluconate system in Escherichia coli Abstract: A spontaneously arising regulatory mutant of the gluconate system in Escherichia coli was isolated. This mutant became constitutive, probably in one step, for gluconate high-affinity transport, gluconokinase, and gluconate-6-P dehydrase. The mutation involved (gntR18) is cotransducible with asd. Pseudorevertants, derived from a mutant (M2) that shows a long lag for growth on gluconate mineral medium, were also isolated and characterized. They give constitutive levels of gluconokinase and gluconate-6-P dehydrase but lack high-affinity transport function. Genetic experiments performed with one of these pseudorevertants (M4) indicate that it carries a secondary mutation in the gntR gene. The M4 phenotype is thus the result of the interaction of expression of a constitutive mutation (gntR4) with the mutation of strain M2 (gntM2).	0
Abstract2class: Lateral gene transfer of dissimilatory (bi)sulfite reductase revisited Abstract: In contrast to previous findings, we demonstrate that the dissimilatory (bi)sulfite reductase genes (dsrAB) of Desulfobacula toluolica were vertically inherited. Furthermore, Desulfobacterium anilini and strain mXyS1 were identified, by dsrAB sequencing of 17 reference strains, as members of the donor lineage for those gram-positive Desulfotomaculum species which laterally acquired dsrAB.	0
Abstract2class: Mutations in the scaffoldin gene, cipA, of Clostridium thermocellum with impaired cellulosome formation and cellulose hydrolysis: insertions of a new transposable element, IS1447, and implications for cellulase synergism on crystalline cellulose Abstract: Mutants of Clostridium thermocellum that had lost the ability to adhere to microcrystalline cellulose were isolated. Six of them that showed diminished ability to depolymerize crystalline cellulose were selected. Size exclusion chromatography of the proteins from the culture supernatant revealed the loss of the supramolecular enzyme complex, the cellulosome. However, denaturing sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis resulted in extracellular protein patterns comparable to those of isolated cellulosomes, except for a missing CipA band. Sequencing of the six mutant cipA genes revealed a new insertion (IS) element, IS1447, belonging to the IS3 family. It was inserted into the cipA reading frame in four different locations: cohesin module 1, two different positions in the carbohydrate binding module, and cohesin module 3. The IS sequences were identical and consisted of a transposase gene and the inverted repeats IRR and IRS. The insertion resulted in an obviously nonspecific duplication of 3 base pairs within the target sequence. This lack of specificity allows transposition without the need of a defined target DNA sequence. Eighteen copies of IS1447 were identified in the genomic sequence of C. thermocellum ATCC 27405. At least one of them can be activated for transposition. Compared to the wild type, the mutant culture supernatant, with a completely defective CipA protein, showed equal specific hydrolytic activity against soluble beta-glucan but a 15-fold reduction in specific activity with crystalline cellulose. These results identify a genetic basis for the synergistic effect of complex formation on crystalline-cellulose degradation.	0
Abstract2class: Multidomain structure and cellulosomal localization of the Clostridium thermocellum cellobiohydrolase CbhA Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of the Clostridium thermocellum F7 cbhA gene, coding for the cellobiohydrolase CbhA, has been determined. An open reading frame encoding a protein of 1,230 amino acids was identified. Removal of a putative signal peptide yields a mature protein of 1,203 amino acids with a molecular weight of 135,139. Sequence analysis of CbhA reveals a multidomain structure of unusual complexity consisting of an N-terminal cellulose binding domain (CBD) homologous to CBD family IV, an immunoglobulin-like beta-barrel domain, a catalytic domain homologous to cellulase family E1, a duplicated domain similar to fibronectin type III (Fn3) modules, a CBD homologous to family III, a highly acidic linker region, and a C-terminal dockerin domain. The cellulosomal localization of CbhA was confirmed by Western blot analysis employing polyclonal antibodies raised against a truncated enzymatically active version of CbhA. CbhA was identified as cellulosomal subunit S3 by partial amino acid sequence analysis. Comparison of the multidomain structures indicates striking similarities between CbhA and a group of cellulases from actinomycetes. Average linkage cluster analysis suggests a coevolution of the N-terminal CBD and the catalytic domain and its spread by horizontal gene transfer among gram-positive cellulolytic bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: DNA binding of the Bordetella pertussis H1 homolog alters in vitro DNA flexibility Abstract: BpH1, the Bordetella pertussis H1 homolog, interacts with chromosomal DNA. With DNase I protection assays, we demonstrate in this study that BpH1 binds DNA in a nonspecific manner and that it may cover DNA fragments from end to end. Although the binding was shown to be nonspecific, preferential binding sites and sites resistant to BpH1 binding were identified within and upstream of the pertussis toxin promoter sequence. In the presence of DNA ligase, BpH1 favored the formation of multimeric DNA fragments of various sizes and prevented ring closures, suggesting a diminished flexibility of the DNA fragments and thus indicating that BpH1 acts as a macromolecular crowding agent.	0
Abstract2class: Near-real-time analysis of the phenotypic responses of Escherichia coli to 1-butanol exposure using Raman Spectroscopy Abstract: Raman spectroscopy was used to study the time course of phenotypic responses of Escherichia coli (DH5α) to 1-butanol exposure (1.2% [vol/vol]). Raman spectroscopy is of interest for bacterial phenotyping because it can be performed (i) in near real time, (ii) with minimal sample preparation (label-free), and (iii) with minimal spectral interference from water. Traditional off-line analytical methodologies were applied to both 1-butanol-treated and control cells to draw correlations with Raman data. Here, distinct sets of Raman bands are presented that characterize phenotypic traits of E. coli with maximized correlation to off-line measurements. In addition, the observed time course phenotypic responses of E. coli to 1.2% (vol/vol) 1-butanol exposure included the following: (i) decreased saturated fatty acids levels, (ii) retention of unsaturated fatty acids and low levels of cyclopropane fatty acids, (iii) increased membrane fluidity following the initial response of increased rigidity, and (iv) no changes in total protein content or protein-derived amino acid composition. For most phenotypic traits, correlation coefficients between Raman spectroscopy and traditional off-line analytical approaches exceeded 0.75, and major trends were captured. The results suggest that near-real-time Raman spectroscopy is suitable for approximating metabolic and physiological phenotyping of bacterial cells subjected to toxic environmental conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Mutation of a gene encoding a putative glycoprotease leads to reduced salt tolerance, altered pigmentation, and cyanophycin accumulation in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 Abstract: The salt-sensitive mutant 549 of the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 was genetically and physiologically characterized. The mutated site and corresponding wild-type site were cloned and partially sequenced. The genetic analysis revealed that during the mutation about 1.8 kb was deleted from the chromosome of mutant 549. This deletion affected four open reading frames: a gcp gene homolog, the psaFJ genes, and an unknown gene. After construction of mutants with single mutations, only the gcp mutant showed a reduction in salt tolerance comparable to that of the initial mutant, indicating that the deletion of this gene was responsible for the salt sensitivity and that the other genes were of minor importance. Besides the reduced salt tolerance, a remarkable change in pigmentation was observed that became more pronounced in salt-stressed cells. The phycobilipigment content decreased, and that of carotenoids increased. Investigations of changes in the ultrastructure revealed an increase in the amount of characteristic inclusion bodies containing the high-molecular-weight nitrogen storage polymer cyanophycin (polyaspartate and arginine). The salt-induced accumulation of cyanophycin was confirmed by chemical estimations. The putative glycoprotease encoded by the gcp gene might be responsible for the degradation of cyanophycin in Synechocystis. Mutation of this gene leads to nitrogen starvation of the cells, accompanied by characteristic changes in pigmentation, ultrastructure, and salt tolerance level.	0
Abstract2class: Two Fis regulators directly repress the expression of numerous effector-encoding genes in Legionella pneumophila Abstract: Legionella pneumophila is an intracellular human pathogen that utilizes the Icm/Dot type IVB secretion system to translocate a large repertoire of effectors into host cells. For most of these effectors, there is no information regarding their regulation. Therefore, the aim of this study was to examine the involvement of the three L. pneumophila Fis homologs in the regulation of effector-encoding genes. Deletion mutants constructed in the genes encoding the three Fis regulators revealed that Fis1 (lpg0542 gene) and Fis3 (lpg1743) but not Fis2 (lpg1370) are partially required for intracellular growth of L. pneumophila in Acanthamoeba castellanii. To identify pathogenesis-related genes directly regulated by Fis, we established a novel in vivo system which resulted in the discovery of numerous effector-encoding genes directly regulated by Fis. Further examination of these genes revealed that Fis1 and Fis3 repress the level of expression of effector-encoding genes during exponential phase. Three groups of effector-encoding genes were identified: (i) effectors regulated mainly by Fis1, (ii) effectors regulated mainly by Fis3, and (iii) effectors regulated by both Fis1 and Fis3. Examination of the upstream regulatory region of all of these effector-encoding genes revealed multiple putative Fis regulatory elements, and site-directed mutagenesis confirmed that a few of these sites constitute part of a repressor binding element. Furthermore, gel mobility shift assays demonstrated the direct relation between the Fis1 and Fis3 regulators and these regulatory elements. Collectively, our results demonstrate for the first time that two of the three L. pneumophila Fis regulators directly repress the expression of Icm/Dot effector-encoding genes.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a Legionella pneumophila relA insertion mutant and toles of RelA and RpoS in virulence gene expression Abstract: To investigate the involvement of RelA in the regulation of Legionella pneumophila virulence, a deletion substitution was constructed in the relA gene. The relA knockout resulted in an undetectable level of ppGpp in the cells during the stationary phase, but the original level was restored when the relA gene product was supplied on a plasmid. The effect of the relA mutation was examined with two systems that are known to be expressed during the stationary phase in L. pneumophila. Pigment production was found to be dependent on the relA gene product, and only one-half as much pigment was produced by the relA mutant as by the wild-type strain. Flagellum gene expression was also found to be dependent on the relA gene product, as determined with a flaA::lacZ fusion. However, the relA gene product was found to be dispensable for intracellular growth both in HL-60-derived human macrophages and in the protozoan host Acanthamoeba castellanii. To determine the involvement of the relA gene product in expression of L. pneumophila genes required for intracellular growth (icm/dot genes), nine icm::lacZ fusions were constructed, and expression of these fusions in the wild-type strain was compared with their expression in relA mutant strains. Expression of only one of the icm::lacZ fusions was moderately reduced in the relA mutant strain. Expression of the nine icm::lacZ fusions was also examined in a strain containing an insertion in the gene that codes for the stationary-phase sigma factor RpoS, and similar results were obtained. We concluded that RelA is dispensable for intracellular growth of L. pneumophila in the two hosts examined and that both RelA and RpoS play minor roles in L. pneumophila icm/dot gene expression.	0
Abstract2class: Deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis during microcyst germination in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) synthesis was measured during microcyst germination in Myxococcus xanthus by radioactive thymidine incorporation, autoradiography, and chemical analysis. Microcysts contained an average of 6.6 conserved units of DNA, corresponding to 3 to 4 chromosomes per cell. Correlation of the DNA content and chromosome number of microcysts indicated that the molecular weight of the nonreplicating M. xanthus chromosome is 4.9 x 10(9) daltons. DNA synthesis was initiated 3.5 to 4 hr after induction of germination. From 4 to 6 hr, the rate of synthesis was constant and the accumulation was linear. After a lag period (6 to 6.5 hr), the rate of DNA synthesis increased, reaching a second plateau at 9 hr. From 9 to 11 hr, the rate was again constant and the accumulation was linear. Cellular division during germination showed an unusual kind of synchrony. A model is presented that accounts for chromosomal replication and cell division during microcyst germination.	0
Abstract2class: Division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus. II. Kinetics of stable and unstable ribonucleic acid synthesis Abstract: The kinetics of stable and unstable ribonucleic acid (RNA) synthesis during the division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus growing in a defined medium was determined. Under these conditions, M. xanthus contains one chromosome which is replicated during 80% of the cell cycle. Stable RNA synthesis was measured by pulselabeling an exponential-phase culture with radioactive uridine and then preparing the cells for quantitative autoradiography. By measuring the size of individual cells as well as the number of grains, the rate of stable RNA synthesis as a function of cell size was determined. Unstable RNA synthesis during the division cycle was determined by correlating the data for stable RNA synthesis with the relative amounts of stable and unstable RNA labeled during the short pulse. The data reported here demonstrate that: (i) cells synthesize both stable and unstable RNA throughout the division cycle; (ii) the rate of stable RNA synthesis increases in two discrete steps, corresponding to average ages of 0.15 and 0.75 generations; (iii) the rate of unstable RNA synthesis exhibits an initial rise, followed by a relatively constant rate of synthesis, and finally, a burst of unstable RNA synthesis prior to septum formation. The half-life of unstable RNA of M. xanthus, generation time of 390 min at 30 C, was 4 min. Comparison of the rates of stable and unstable RNA synthesis indicates noncoordinate RNA synthesis within the normal division cycle.	0
Abstract2class: Division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus. 3. Kinetics of cell growth and protein synthesis Abstract: The kinetics of cell growth and protein synthesis during the division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus was determined. The distribution of cell size for both septated and nonseptated bacteria was obtained by direct measurement of the lengths of 8,000 cells. The Collins-Richmond equation was modified to consider bacterial growth in two phases: growth and division. From the derived equation, the growth rate of individual cells was computed as a function of size. Nondividing cells (growth phase) comprised 91% of the population and took up 87% of the time of the division cycle. The absolute and specific growth rates of nondividing cells were observed to increase continually throughout the growth phase; the growth rate of dividing cells could not be determined accurately by this technique because of changes in the geometry of cells between the time of septation and physical separation. The rate of protein synthesis during the division cycle was measured by pulselabeling an exponential-phase culture with radio-active valine or arginine and then preparing the cells for quantitative autoradiography. By measuring the size of individual cells as well as the number of grains, the rate of protein synthesis as a function of cell size was obtained. Nondividing cells showed an increase in both the absolute and specific rates of protein synthesis throughout the growth phase; the specific rate of protein synthesis for dividing cells was low when compared to growthphase cells. Cell growth and protein synthesis are compared to the previously reported kinetics of deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid synthesis during the division cycle.	0
Abstract2class: "Frizzy" mutants: a new class of aggregation-defective developmental mutants of Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: During fruiting-body formation in Myxococcus xanthus, cells aggregate into raised mounds, where they sporulate. A new class of aggregation-defective developmental mutants was identified within a collection of nonfruiting mutants of M. xanthus. The mutants failed to aggregate into discrete mounds, but rather aggregated into "frizzy" filaments. Many cells within the filaments sporulated normally. Pairwise mixtures of representative frizzy mutants were unable to stimulate each other to aggregate normally. Two strains of M. xanthus were isolated which contained transposon Tn5 insertions mapping near one frizzy mutation. A search through 36 mutants exhibiting the frizzy phenotype showed that all were linked to the same Tn5 insertion sites. Three-factor cross-analysis of 22 of these mutants allowed the mapping of these mutations into many loci. The localization of Tn5 inserts adjacent to this region make possible further manipulation of these genes.	0
Abstract2class: Cell division in Escherichia coli: analysis of double mutants for filamentation and abnormal septation of deoxyribonucleic acid-less cells Abstract: The link between chromosome termination, initiation of cell division, and choice of division sites was studied in Escherichia coli by preparing double mutants. Hybrid mutants containing div52-ts, a cell division initiation mutation, and min, mutations which affect the choice of division sites resulting in the septation of minicells, were characterized. The mutants produced minicells and normal cells coordinately under all conditions studied, although the fraction of minicells is half that of the parental minicell strain. The mutant gradually stopped dividing at both the median and minicell septation sites when transferred from 30 to 41 C in rich medium. A synchronous cell division of filaments was induced 15 min after addition of chloramphenicol to the medium, even at 41 C. Divisions were observed at both normal and minicell sites. These results indicate that div52-ts and min functions share a common step in a cell division pathway. A double mutant containing div52-ts and div27-ts, a dnaB mutant which divides in the absence of DNA synthesis, was characterized. The mutant continues to divide after a shift to the high temperature, although at a reduced rate. The behavior of this hybrid mutant suggests a hypothesis that the chromosome termination signal and div52-ts division initiation signal act on a single membrane site which is altered in div27-ts strains.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleoid condensation and cell division in Escherichia coli MX74T2 ts52 after inhibition of protein synthesis Abstract: The reorganization of the bacterial nucleoid of an Escherichia coli mutant, MX74T2 ts52, was studied by electron microscopy after protein synthesis inhibition by using whole mounts of cell ghosts, ultrathin-sectioning, and freeze-etching. The bacterial nucleoid showed two morphological changes after chloramphenicol addition: deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) localization and DNA condensation. DNA localization was observed 10 min after chloramphenicol addition; the DNA appeared as a compact, solid mass. DNA condensation was observed at 25 min; the nucleoid appeared as a cytoplasm-filled sphere, often opened at one end. Ribosomes were observed in the center. Giant nucleoids present in some mutant filaments showed fused, spherical nucleoids arranged linearly, suggesting that the tertiary structure of the nucleoid reflects the number of replicated genomes. Inhibitors which directly or indirectly blocked protein synthesis and caused DNA condensation were chloramphenicol, puromycin, amino acid starvation, rifampicin, or carbonyl cyanide m-chlorophenyl hydrazone. All inhibitors that caused cell division in the mutant also caused condensation, although some inhibitors caused condensation without cell division. Nucleoid condensation appears to be related to chromosome structure rather than to DNA segregation upon cell division.	0
Abstract2class: Chromosome replication in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: The rates of DNA synthesis during the cell-division cycle were measured in Myxococcus xanthus growing in three different media permitting a twofold variation in doubling time. In all three media, simple DNA cycles were observed. Synthesis of DNA occurred during 85% of the cell-division cycle, independent of generation time, from 5 to 11 h. Cells were observed to contain one bacterial nucleoid at birth that later divided synchronously midway through the cell cycle. Nucleoid segregation appeared to begin before chromosome replication was completed. The DNA content of exponential-phase bacteria was determined to be about 20 +/- 3 X 10(-9) microgram per cell; newborn bacteria contained about 14 +/- 2 X 10(-9) microgram of DNA per cell. Exponential-phase bacteria showed about a 50% increase in DNA in the presence of chloramphenicol (50 microgram/ml). The number of randomly segregating chromosomes present in exponential-phase bacteria was determined by following the fate of prelabeled DNA during outgrowth in nonradioactive media. The results are consistent with a model in which cells are born with exactly one complete unreplicated chromosome. The molecular weight of such a chromosome is about 8.4 +/- 1.2 X 10(9).	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a DNA element in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe nmt1 (thi3) promoter involved in thiamine-regulated gene expression Abstract: To define DNA elements involved in thiamine-regulated transcription of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe gene nmt1 (thi3), we analyzed several nmt1 promoter constructs. We detected a DNA element which is required for promoter activation in the absence of thiamine. It is located 54 to 62 bp upstream of the TATA box and matches the consensus sequence of the binding site for the mammalian transcription factor C/EBP (CAAT/enhancer binding protein). We show that the element specifically binds proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning, nucleotide sequence, and regulation of Schizosaccharomyces pombe thi4, a thiamine biosynthetic gene Abstract: thi4 mutants of Schizosaccharomyces pombe exhibit defective thiamine biosynthesis, and thi4 mutations define a gene which is believed to be involved in the phosphorylation of 4-amino-5-hydroxymethyl-2-methylpyrimidine or 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole and/or in the coupling of the two phosphorylated precursors to thiamine monophosphate (A. M. Schweingruber, J. Dlugonski, E. Edenharter, and M. E. Schweingruber, Curr. Genet. 19:249-254, 1991). The thi4 gene was cloned by functional complementation of a thi4 mutant and physically mapped on the left arm of chromosome I close to the genetic marker gln1. The thi4-carrying DNA fragment shows an open reading frame encoding a protein of 518 amino acids and a calculated molecular mass of 55.6 kDa. The appearance of thi4 mRNA is strongly repressed by thiamine and to a lesser extent by 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole. thi4 mRNA production is under the control of the thi1 gene-encoded transcription factor and of the negative regulators encoded by genes tnr1, tnr2, and tnr3. thi4 is expressed and regulated in manners similar to those of other S. pombe genes involved in thiamine metabolism, including thi2, thi3, and pho4.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular mechanism for loss of nodulation properties of Rhizobium trifolii Abstract: Of 18 Rhizobium trifolii strains tested, 12 showed a high frequency of loss of nodulation ability after incubation in cultures at elevated temperatures. A correlation between loss of nodulation ability and loss of a large plasmid was demonstrated for R. trifolii. In some nonnodulating (Nod-) mutants, deletions occurred instead of total elimination of the plasmid molecule. The maximum curing effect was observed in bacteria incubated at 35 degrees C. After 4 or more days of incubation at this temperature, the viability of bacteria decreased markedly, and the number of nonnodulating mutants increased significantly. At the elevated temperature DNA synthesis was stopped completely after 2 h, whereas protein synthesis proceeded for a few days. Microscopic observations showed that during the first 3 days of incubation at the elevated temperature, the bacterial cells increased markedly in size. These large irregular cells then divided and produced Nod- clones. Nonnodulating clones did not result from the selection of temperature-resistant mutants. The presence of P-group plasmids in Rhizobium strains strongly inhibited the loss of nodulation ability during incubation at 35 degrees C. The observed phenomenon did not result from integrative suppression. It is possible that a product(s) of the genes of R-plasmids acts as a stabilizing agent on the replication process of the indigenous Rhizobium plasmids.	0
Abstract2class: Plasmid deoxyribonucleic acid in Rhizobium trifolii Abstract: In deoxyribonucleic acid of Rhizobium trifolii centrifuged in cesium chloride-ethidium bromide equilibrium was found a sattelite peak containing covalently closed circular deoxyribonucleic acid. The plasmid had a molecular weight of about 64 x 10(6) shown by sedimentation in sucrose gradients and electron microscopy.	0
Abstract2class: Genome sequences of four divergent multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii strains isolated from patients with sepsis or osteomyelitis Abstract: Acinetobacter baumannii is a Gram-negative bacterium that causes nosocomial infections worldwide, with recent prevalence and higher frequency in wounded military personnel. Four A. baumannii strains from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC) isolated between 2008 and 2009 were sequenced, representing diverse, multidrug-resistant isolates from osteomyelitis or septic patients.	0
Abstract2class: VirB1* promotes T-pilus formation in the vir-Type IV secretion system of Agrobacterium tumefaciens Abstract: The vir-type IV secretion system of Agrobacterium is assembled from 12 proteins encoded by the virB operon and virD4. VirB1 is one of the least-studied proteins encoded by the virB operon. Its N terminus is a lytic transglycosylase. The C-terminal third of the protein, VirB1*, is cleaved from VirB1 and secreted to the outside of the bacterial cell, suggesting an additional function. We show that both nopaline and octopine strains produce abundant amounts of VirB1* and perform detailed studies on nopaline VirB1*. Both domains are required for wild-type virulence. We show here that the nopaline type VirB1* is essential for the formation of the T pilus, a subassembly of the vir-T4SS composed of processed and cyclized VirB2 (major subunit) and VirB5 (minor subunit). A nopaline virB1 deletion strain does not produce T pili. Complementation with full-length VirB1 or C-terminal VirB1*, but not the N-terminal lytic transglycosylase domain, restores T pili containing VirB2 and VirB5. T-pilus preparations also contain extracellular VirB1*. Protein-protein interactions between VirB1* and VirB2 and VirB5 were detected in the yeast two-hybrid assay. We propose that VirB1 is a bifunctional protein required for virT4SS assembly. The N-terminal lytic transglycosylase domain provides localized lysis of the peptidoglycan cell wall to allow insertion of the T4SS. The C-terminal VirB1* promotes T-pilus assembly through protein-protein interactions with T-pilus subunits.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a second tetracycline-inducible polypeptide encoded by Tn10 Abstract: Three Tn10 polypeptides were detected by analyzing the proteins synthesized in ultraviolet light-irradiated Escherichia coli cells after infection with lambda::Tn10. One of these polypeptides was the previously identified 36,000-dalton TET polypeptide. The other two had approximate sizes of 25,000 and 13,000 daltons. The syntheses of both the TET polypeptide and the 25,000-dalton polypeptide were inducible by tetracycline in lambda-immune hosts. Similarly, the synthesis of the TET polypeptide was inducible in nonimmune hosts. However, the synthesis of the 25,000-dalton polypeptide was constitutive in nonimmune hosts. An amber mutation in a gene required for tetracycline resistance on lambda::Tn10 was isolated that eliminated the synthesis of the TET polypeptide in sup+ hosts but not the synthesis of the 25,000-dalton or the 13,000-dalton polypeptides. The expression of tetracycline resistance from wild-type Tn10 was found to be anomalous in E. coli strains carrying the amber suppressors supD, supE, and supF. In general, strains containing these nonsense suppressors were less resistant to tetracycline.	0
Abstract2class: Structural and functional analysis of the gene cluster encoding the enzymes of the arginine deiminase pathway of Lactobacillus sake Abstract: Lactobacillus sake can use arginine via the arginine deiminase (ADI) pathway. We designed degenerate primers based on an alignment of known sequences of ornithine transcarbamoylase (OTC)-encoding genes in order to amplify the L. sake counterpart sequences by PCR. Screening a genomic library of L. sake in lambdaEMBL3 allowed us to isolate a clone containing a 10-kb L. sake genomic DNA insert. Sequence analysis revealed that the genes involved in arginine catabolism were clustered and encoded ADI (arcA), OTC (arcB), carbamate kinase (arcC), and a putative carrier with high similarity to the arginine/ornithine antiporter of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (arcD). Additionally, a putative transaminase-encoding gene (arcT) was located in this region. The genes followed the order arcA arcB arcC arcT arcD, which differs from that found in other microorganisms. arcA, arcB, arcC, and arcD mutants were constructed, and the ADI pathway was impaired in all of them. Transcriptional studies indicated that arcA gene is subject to catabolite repression, and under the conditions used, several transcripts could be detected, suggesting the existence of different initiation sites or processing of a larger mRNA.	0
Abstract2class: Plasmid- and chromosome-mediated dissimilation of naphthalene and salicylate in Pseudomonas putida PMD-1 Abstract: Pseudomonas putida PMD-1 dissimilates naphthalene (Nah), salicylate (Sal), and benzoate (Ben) via catechol which is metabolized through the meta (or alpha-keto acid) pathway. The ability to utilize salicylate but not naphthalene was transferred from P. putida PMD-1 to several Pseudomonas species. Agarose gel electrophoresis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from PMD-1 and Sal+ exconjugants indicated that a plasmid (pMWD-1) of 110 megadaltons is correlated with the Sal+ phenotype; restriction enzyme analysis of DNA from Sal+ exconjugants indicated that plasmid pMWD-1 was transmitted intact. Enzyme analysis of Sal+ exconjugants demonstrated that the enzymes required to oxidize naphthalene to salicylate are absent, but salicylate hydroxylase and enzymes of the meta pathway are present. Thus, naphthalene conversion to salicylate requires chromosomal genes, whereas salicylate degradation is plasmid encoded. Comparison of restriction digests of plasmid pMWD-1 indicated that it differs considerably from the naphthalene and salicylate degradative plasmids previously described in P. putida.	0
Abstract2class: Brucella abortus depends on pyruvate phosphate dikinase and malic enzyme but not on Fbp and GlpX fructose-1,6-bisphosphatases for full virulence in laboratory models Abstract: The brucellae are the etiological agents of brucellosis, a worldwide-distributed zoonosis. These bacteria are facultative intracellular parasites and thus are able to adjust their metabolism to the extra- and intracellular environments encountered during an infectious cycle. However, this aspect of Brucella biology is imperfectly understood, and the nutrients available in the intracellular niche are unknown. Here, we investigated the central pathways of C metabolism used by Brucella abortus by deleting the putative fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase (fbp and glpX), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (pckA), pyruvate phosphate dikinase (ppdK), and malic enzyme (mae) genes. In gluconeogenic but not in rich media, growth of ΔppdK and Δmae mutants was severely impaired and growth of the double Δfbp-ΔglpX mutant was reduced. In macrophages, only the ΔppdK and Δmae mutants showed reduced multiplication, and studies with the ΔppdK mutant confirmed that it reached the replicative niche. Similarly, only the ΔppdK and Δmae mutants were attenuated in mice, the former being cleared by week 10 and the latter persisting longer than 12 weeks. We also investigated the glyoxylate cycle. Although aceA (isocitrate lyase) promoter activity was enhanced in rich medium, aceA disruption had no effect in vitro or on multiplication in macrophages or mouse spleens. The results suggest that B. abortus grows intracellularly using a limited supply of 6-C (and 5-C) sugars that is compensated by glutamate and possibly other amino acids entering the Krebs cycle without a critical role of the glyoxylate shunt.	0
Abstract2class: The recombination genes addAB are not restricted to gram-positive bacteria: genetic analysis of the recombination initiation enzymes RecF and AddAB in Rhizobium etli Abstract: Single-strand gaps (SSGs) and double-strand breaks (DSBs) are the major initiation sites for recombination. In bacteria, the SSGs are repaired by RecFOR, while the DSBs are processed by RecBCD in gram-negative bacteria and AddAB in gram-positive bacteria. Unexpectedly, instead of recBCD genes, the addAB genes were found in members of the alpha-proteobacteria group (gram negative). Taking Rhizobium etli as a model, the role of recF and addAB genes in homologous recombination and repair of damaged DNA was evaluated. Inactivation of either recF or addA provoked strong sensitivity to UV radiation and mitomycin C, while an additive effect was observed in the recF-addA mutant. The DSBs generated by nalidixic acid caused low viability only in the addA mutant. The recombination frequency of large and small plasmids was reduced in the recF mutant (24- and 36-fold, respectively), whereas a slight decrease (threefold) in the addA mutant was observed. Moreover, an additive effect (47- and 90-fold, respectively) was observed in the double mutant, but it was not as dramatic as that in a recA mutant. Interestingly, the frequency of deletion and Campbell-type recombination was slightly affected in either single or double mutants. These results suggest that another pathway exists that allows plasmid and Campbell-type recombination in the absence of recF and addA genes.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of transposon Tn5-induced mutants of Pseudomonas perfectomarina defective in nitrous oxide respiration Abstract: Transposon (Tn5) mutagenesis of Pseudomonas perfectomarina with the plasmid pSUP2021 [(pBR325-Mob(RP4))::Tn5] and the chromosomally integrated RP4 plasmid in Escherichia coli as the donor, produced three distinct groups of mutants that were defective in nitrous oxide respiration. One group of mutants lacked the structural protein of N2O reductase, the second synthesized a copper-free apoprotein; and a third group expressed a low level of intact enzyme. The mutants provided evidence for N2O being the immediate precursor of dinitrogen in denitrification and documented the essentiality of the copper enzyme. Synthesis of N2O reductase depended strongly on the growth conditions, with N2O-grown cells expressing the lowest level of enzyme. Regulatory responses of mutants elicited by nitrate or oxygen were unaltered when compared with wild-type behavior.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of the role of the type III effector inventory of Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola 1448a in interaction with the plant Abstract: In Pseudomonas syringae, the type III secretion system (T3SS) is essential for disease in compatible hosts and for eliciting the hypersensitive response in incompatible hosts. P. syringae pathovars secrete a variable number of type III effectors that form their secretomes. The secretome of Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola 1448a (Pph1448a) currently includes 22 experimentally validated effectors, one HrpL-regulated candidate for which translocation results have been inconsistent, two translocated candidates for which in planta expression has not been established, one bioinformatically identified candidate, and six candidates that have been experimentally discarded. We analyzed the translocation and/or expression of these and other candidates to complete the Pph1448a effector inventory, bringing this inventory to 27 bona fide effectors, including a new one that does not belong to any of the previously described effector families. We developed a simple process for rapidly making single and double knockout mutants and apply it to the generation of an effector mutant collection that includes single knockouts for the majority of the Pph1448a effector inventory. We also generated two double mutant strains containing effectors with potentially redundant functions and analyzed the virulence of the single and double mutant strains as well as strains expressing each of the effectors from a plasmid. We demonstrate that AvrB4-1 and AvrB4-2, as well as HopW1-1 and HopW1-2, are fully redundant and contribute to virulence in bean plants, thus validating this approach for dissecting the contribution of the Pph1448a type III effector inventory to virulence. We also analyzed the effect that the expression of these four effectors from Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 (PtoDC3000) has during its interaction with Arabidopsis thaliana, establishing that AvrB4-1, but not the others, determines a restriction of bacterial growth that takes place mostly independently of the salicylic acid (SA)-signaling pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Structural organization, nucleotide sequence, and regulation of the Haemophilus influenzae rec-1+ gene Abstract: The Haemophilus influenzae rec-1+ protein plays a central role in DNA metabolism, participating in general homologous recombination, recombinational (postreplication) DNA repair, and prophage induction. Although many H. influenzae rec-1 mutants have been phenotypically characterized, little is known about the rec-1+ gene at the molecular level. In this study, we present the genetic organization of the rec-1+ locus, the DNA sequence of rec-1+, and studies of the transcriptional regulation of rec-1+ during cellular assault by DNA-damaging agents and during the induction of competence for genetic transformation. Although little is known about promoter structure in H. influenzae, we identified a potential rec-1+ promoter that is identical in 11 of 12 positions to the bacterial sigma 70-dependent promoter consensus sequence. Results from a primer extension analysis revealed that the start site of rec-1+ transcription is centered 6 nucleotides downstream of this promoter. We identified potential DNA binding sites in the rec-1+ gene for LexA, integration host factor, and cyclic AMP receptor protein. We obtained evidence that at least one of the proposed cyclic AMP receptor protein binding sites is active in modulating rec-1+ transcription. This finding makes rec-1+ control circuitry novel among recA+ homologs. Two H. influenzae DNA uptake sequences that may function as a transcription termination signal were identified in inverted orientations at the end of the rec-1+ coding sequence. In addition, we report the first use of the Escherichia coli lacZ operon fusion technique in H. influenzae to study the transcriptional control of rec-1+. Our results indicate that rec-1+ is transcriptionally induced about threefold during DNA-damaging events. Furthermore, we show that rec-1+ can substitute for recA+ in E. coli to modulate SOS induction of dinB1 expression. Surprisingly, although 5% of the H. influenzae genome is in the form of single-stranded DNA during competence for genetic transformation, an event that could be a potent SOS-inducing signal, we failed to detect significant changes in rec-1+ transcription during the induction of genetic competence.	0
Abstract2class: Purification and characterization of S-adenosylhomocysteine deaminase from streptonigrin-producing Streptomyces flocculus Abstract: An S-adenosylhomocysteine deaminase has been isolated and purified from streptonigrin-producing Streptomyces flocculus ATCC 13257. Deamination represents the major metabolic route of S-adenosylhomocysteine in this organism. The protein was found to be monomeric with a molecular weight of 56,100 +/- 1,600. The activity was optimal at pH 7.0 and 37 degrees C, and the deaminase was inactivated by p-chloromercuribenzoate but not by metal chelators. The Km for S-adenosylhomocysteine is 2.5 mM, and the Ki for inhibition by deoxycoformycin is 1.6 nM.	0
Abstract2class: The KtrA and KtrE subunits are required for Na+-dependent K+ uptake by KtrB across the plasma membrane in Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 Abstract: The Na+-dependent K+ uptake KtrABE system is essential for the adaptation of Synechocystis to salinity stress and high osmolality. While KtrB forms the K+-translocating pore, the role of the subunits KtrA and KtrE for Ktr function remains elusive. Here, we characterized the role of KtrA and KtrE in Ktr-mediated K+ uptake and in modulating Na+ dependency. Expression of KtrB alone in a K+ uptake-deficient Escherichia coli strain conferred low K+ uptake activity that was not stimulated by Na+. Coexpression of both KtrA and KtrE with KtrB increased the K+ transport activity in a Na+-dependent manner. KtrA and KtrE were found to be localized to the plasma membrane in Synechocystis. Site-directed mutagenesis was used to analyze the role of single charged residues in KtrB for Ktr function. Replacing negatively charged residues facing the extracellular space with residues of the opposite charge increased the apparent Km for K+ in all cases. However, none of the mutations eliminated the Na+ dependency of Ktr-mediated K+ transport. Mutations of residues on the cytoplasmic side had larger effects on K+ uptake activity than those of residues on the extracellular side. Further analysis revealed that replacement of R262, which is well conserved among Ktr/Trk/HKT transporters in the third extracellular loop, by Glu abolished transport activity. The atomic-scale homology model indicated that R262 might interact with E247 and D261. Based on these data, interaction of KtrA and KtrE with KtrB increased the K+ uptake rate and conferred Na+ dependency.	0
Abstract2class: Mutation of His-157 in the second pore loop drastically reduces the activity of the Synechocystis Ktr-type transporter Abstract: Mutation of a conserved His-157 in the second pore loop of KtrB drastically reduced the activity of the K+ transporter from Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803. This result suggests that His-157 plays an essential role in the K+ transport activity of the transporter system.	0
Abstract2class: Physical and genetic map of the Serpulina hyodysenteriae B78T chromosome Abstract: A combined physical and genetic map of the Serpulina hyodysenteriae B78T genome was constructed by using pulsed-field gel electrophoresis and DNA blot hybridizations. The S. hyodysenteriae genome is a single circular chromosome about 3.2 Mb in size. The physical map of the chromosome was constructed with the restriction enzymes BssHII, EclXI, NotI, SalI, and SmaI. The physical map was used to constructed a linkage map for genes encoding rRNA, flagellum subunit proteins, DNA gyrase, NADH oxidase, and three distinct hemolysins. Several flaB2-related loci, encoding core flagellum subunit proteins, were detected and are dispersed around the chromosome. The rRNA gene organization in S. hyodysenteriae is unusual. S. hyodysenteriae has one gene each for 5S (rrf), 16S (rrs), and 23S (rrl) rRNAs. The rrf and rrl genes are closely linked (within 5 kb), while the rrs gene is about 860 kb from the other two rRNA genes. Using a probe for the S. hyodysenteriae gyrA gene, we identified a possible location for the chromosomal replication origin. The size and genetic organization of the S. hyodysenteriae chromosome are different from those of previously characterized spirochetes.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of genetic maps for two Leptospira interrogans serovars provides evidence for two chromosomes and intraspecies heterogeneity Abstract: Genetic maps were constructed for Leptospira interrogans serovars icterohaemorrhagiae and pomona. Previously we independently constructed physical maps of the genomes for these two serovars. The genomes of both serovars consist of a large replicon (4.4 to 4.6 Mb) and a small replicon (350 kb). Genes were localized on the physical maps by using Southern blot analysis with specific probes. Among the probes used were genes encoding a variety of essential enzymes and genes usually found near bacterial chromosomal replication origins. Most of the essential genes are on the larger replicon of each serovar. However, the smaller replicons of both serovars contain the asd gene. The asd gene encodes aspartate beta-semialdehyde dehydrogenase, an enzyme essential in amino acid and cell wall biosyntheses. The finding that both L. interrogans replicons contain essential genes suggests that both replicons are chromosomes. Comparison of the genetic maps of the larger replicons of the two serovars showed evidence of large rearrangements. These data show that there is considerable intraspecies heterogeneity in L. interrogans.	0
Abstract2class: Protein synthesis by intact Coxiella burnetii cells Abstract: Coxiella burnetii was isolated from persistently infected fibroblast host cells by a rapid mechanical lysis technique. Macromolecular synthesis was initiated in these otherwise dormant cells by incubation at pH 4.5. The synthesis of protein proceeded for as long as 24 h. Initiation of protein synthesis in C. burnetii was dependent upon RNA synthesis. Approximately 24 species of polypeptides were synthesized, and some of these appeared to be major synthetic products. Increases in protein biomass of 15 to 30% were calculated to occur during incubation. Inhibition of DNA synthesis affected protein synthesis after 12 h of incubation. The results suggest that although these parasitic bacteria did not grow in the axenic media devised, significant biosynthetic processes occurred.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence analysis of a gene cloned from Leptospira biflexa serovar patoc which complements an argE defect in Escherichia coli Abstract: The genus Leptospira, as a member of the order Spirochaetales, forms one of the most ancient evolutionary branches of the eubacteria. These spirochetes are morphologically and physiologically different from most eubacteria, and little is known about Leptospira genetics. In this communication, we report the first nucleotide sequence of a Leptospira gene. A gene which complements an argE mutation in Escherichia coli was isolated from a plasmid-based genomic library composed of Leptospira biflexa serovar patoc DNA. The functional region for the complementing activity was localized by transposon mutagenesis and restriction enzyme mapping and by subcloning. Nucleotide sequence analysis indicated a single open reading frame within the region containing argE complementing activity. The size of the predicted protein, 31,071 daltons, was in excellent agreement with data obtained from coupled transcription-translation reactions primed with cloned L. biflexa DNA. One surprising result was that the predicted amino acid sequence of this protein closely resembles portions of the beta' subunits of RNA polymerases from bacteria and chloroplasts.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence analysis of the Leptospira biflexa serovar patoc rpsL and rpsG genes Abstract: The Leptospira biflexa rpsL and rpsG genes were sequenced. Although similar in many respects, proteins encoded by these L. biflexa genes had several unusual features when compared with homologous proteins of other organisms. Unlike the rpsL genes of other eubacteria, the L. biflexa rpsL gene is adjacent to a rpoC-like gene.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic and physiological tests of three phosphate-specific transport mutants of Escherichia coli Abstract: Phosphate-specific transport system mutations phoT35, pst-2, and phoS25-(Am) were mapped between bgl and glmS, at about 83 min on the Escherichia coli chromosome. All three mutations were recessive to wild-type genes on transducing bacteriophage lambda asn. The phoS25 (Am) and pst-2 mutations were also recessive to transducing phage lambda dglm; however, the phoT35 mutation was not. This suggests that phoT35 lies in a different complementation group from phoS25 (Am) or pst-2. Isogenic series of strains carrying these mutations were constructed in two genetic backgrounds, pit+ (wild type) and pit (relying entirely on the phosphate-specific transport system for phosphate uptake). The pst-2 pit double mutant was incapable of Pi utilization, but the phoT35 pit double mutant exhibited no such deficiency.	0
Abstract2class: Pleiotropic effects of alkaline phosphatase regulatory mutations phoB and phoT on anaerobic growth of and polyphosphate synthesis in Escherichia coli Abstract: The appearance during anaerobiosis of spontaneous phoT phoB double mutants in a phoT background is described. During both exponential growth and stationary phase, selection against the phoT mutants relative to the wild type was evident. This reduction in viability of phoT mutants was suppressed in phoT phoB double mutants. Sensitivity to anaerobiosis was shown to be correlated with polyphosphate overproduction. A possible pleiotropic function of phoT and phoB is suggested.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of pectate lyase synthesis in Pseudomonas fluorescens and Erwinia carotovora Abstract: Inducible synthesis of extracellular pectate lyase occurs in Erwinia carotovora, a bacterial soft-rot pathogen of plants, and, to a lesser extent, in a nonpathogenic isolate of Pseudomonas fluorescens. A combination of pectin and a heat-labile factor in fresh potato tissue or acetone powders of the tissue provided the best carbon source for induction. Yields of inducible pectate lyase were much greater than those usually reported. The pathogen, but not the saprophyte, produced a small amount of constitutive enzyme when grown on glucose. The relatively low level or absence of constitutive synthesis in these bacteria did not result from catabolite repression. Attempts were made to relieve any existing catabolite repression by restricting growth through slow feeding of glucose or by growing the organisms on glycerol. These conditions did not significantly alter the differential rate of lyase synthesis compared with changes observed in the presence of inducers. Previous growth history did not affect induction in the pathogen. However, P. fluorescens previously cultured on glucose required 10 to 20 generations of growth on inducing medium before appreciable lyase synthesis occurred. Differences between the pathogen and nonpathogen suggest that regulation of pectate lyase synthesis is related to pathogenicity of soft-rot bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Circular and linear plasmids of Lyme disease spirochetes have extensive homology: characterization of a repeated DNA element Abstract: We have cloned three copies of a repeated DNA segment from Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto strain B31, present on both circular and linear plasmids of this and other B. burgdorferi sensu lato strains. The DNA sequences are characterized by a highly homologous segment containing two open reading frames (ORFs), ORF-A and ORF-B. Five additional ORFs can be found on the slightly less homologous flanking sequences: ORF-G on the opposite strand upstream of ORF-A, and ORF-C, ORF-D, ORF-E, and ORF-F downstream of ORF-B. The 4.6-kb-long element containing ORF-A through ORF-E is flanked by approximately 180-bp-long imperfect inverted repeats (IRs). The putative gene product of ORF-C displays homology to proteins involved in plasmid maintenance in a number of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. ORF-E features several short, highly homologous direct repeats. ORF-A, ORF-B, and ORF-D are homologous to three ORFs on a recently described 8.3-kb circular plasmid of Borrelia afzelii Ip21 that are flanked by similar IRs (J. J. Dunn, S. R. Buchstein, L.-L. Butler, S. Fisenne, D. S. Polin, B. N. Lade, and B. J. Luft, J. Bacteriol. 176:2706-2717,1994). ORF-C and ORF-E, however, are missing from this region on the Ip21 plasmid. Furthermore, the repeated DNA element as defined by the IRs is present in opposite orientations relative to the flanking sequences on the B31 and Ip21 plasmids.	0
Abstract2class: Phospholipid turnover during the division cycle of Escherichia coli Abstract: The turnover of phospholipids in Escherichia coli B/r was analyzed in synchronously growing populations. The turnover of presynthesized phosphatidyl-glycerol and cardiolipin continued at a constant exponential rate throughout the division cycle.	0
Abstract2class: Posttranscriptional regulation by light of the steady-state levels of mature B800-850 light-harvesting complexes in Rhodobacter capsulatus Abstract: Photosynthetic organisms exhibit a variety of responses to changes in light intensity, including differential biosynthesis of chlorophyll-protein complexes. Cultures of Rhodobacter capsulatus grown anaerobically with a low intensity of light (2 W/m2) contained about four times as much B800-850 light-harvesting complex as cells grown under high light intensity (140 W/m2). The mRNA transcripts encoding B800-850 beta and alpha peptides were analyzed by Northern blot (RNA blot), S1 nuclease protection, and capping with guanylyl transferase. It was found that the steady-state levels of B800-850 mRNAs in high-light-grown cultures were about four times as great as in cells grown under low light intensity. Therefore, the lesser amounts of mature B800-850 peptide gene products found in cells grown with high light intensity are the result of a posttranscriptional regulatory process. It was also found that there are two polycistronic messages encoding the B800-850 peptides. These messages share a common 3' terminus but differ in their 5'-end segments as a result of transcription initiation at two discrete sites. Moreover, the half-lives of B800-850 mRNAs were about 10 min in cells grown with high light and approximately 19 min in cultures grown with low light. It is concluded that there must be more frequent initiations of transcription of B800-850 genes in cells grown with high light than in those grown with low light, and that the relative amounts of B800-850 complexes under these conditions are controlled by a translational or posttranslational mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: STUDIES ON THE STABILITY OF THE NORMAL HUMAN FECAL FLORA Abstract: Zubrzycki, Leonard (Temple University, Philadelphia, Pa.) and Earle H. Spaulding. Studies on the stability of the normal human fecal flora. J. Bacteriol. 83:968-974. 1962.-The results of two series of stool cultures show that members of the genus Bacteriodes constitute the most numerous group of bacteria in the normal human adult fecal flora. Together with the enterococci, coliform bacilli, diphtheroids, and lactobacilli, these major components account for more than 99% of the total counts. Wide fluctuations in the number and types of minor organisms observed suggest the probability that they are held in check by these major components which may also possess mechanisms for preventing pathogens from establishing themselves in the large bowel.	0
Abstract2class: Technique for screening 2n combinations of nutritional requirements Abstract: An auxanographic technique is described, which makes it possible to screen 2(n) combinations of nutrients on relatively few agar plates.	0
Abstract2class: Putative sigma factor SigI (YkoZ) of Bacillus subtilis is induced by heat shock Abstract: A Bacillus subtilis disruption mutant with a mutation in sigI (formerly ykoZ) shows a temperature-sensitive growth on agar plates. The transcription of the sigI gene is heat shock induced in rich medium but not in minimal medium. Proteome studies revealed a reduced amount of GsiB protein in the sigI mutant under heat shock conditions.	0
Abstract2class: CIRCE, a novel heat shock element involved in regulation of heat shock operon dnaK of Bacillus subtilis Abstract: The dnaK and groESL operons of Bacillus subtilis are preceded by a potential sigma 43 promoter sequence (recognized by the vegetative sigma factor) and by an inverted repeat (IR) consisting of 9 bp separated by a 9-bp spacer. Since this IR has been found in many bacterial species, we suspected that it might be involved in heat shock regulation. In order to test this hypothesis, three different mutational alterations of three bases were introduced within the IR preceding the dnaK operon. These mutations were crossed into the chromosome of B. subtilis, and expression of the dnaK and of the unlinked groESL operons was studied. The dnaK operon exhibited increased expression at low temperature and a reduction in the stimulation after temperature upshift. Furthermore, these mutations reduced expression of the groESL operon at low temperature by 50% but did not interfere with stimulation after heat shock. These experiments show that the IR acts as a negative cis element of the dnaK operon. This conclusion was strengthened by the observation that the IR reduced expression of two different transcriptional fusions significantly after its insertion between the promoter and the reporter gene. Since this IR has been described in many bacterial species as preceding only genes of the dnaK and groESL operons, both encoding molecular chaperones (39 cases are documented so far), we designated this heat shock element CIRCE (controlling IR of chaperone expression). Furthermore, we suggest that this novel mechanism is more widespread among eubacteria than the regulation mechanism described for Escherichia coli and has a more ancient origin.	0
Abstract2class: Genome analysis of phage JS98 defines a fourth major subgroup of T4-like phages in Escherichia coli Abstract: Numerous T4-like Escherichia coli phages were isolated from human stool and environmental wastewater samples in Bangladesh and Switzerland. The sequences of the major head gene (g23) revealed that these coliphages could be placed into four subgroups, represented by the phages T4, RB69, RB49, and JS98. Thus, JS98 defines a new major subgroup of E. coli T4-like phages. We conducted an analysis of the 169-kb JS98 genome sequence. Overall, 198 of the 266 JS98 open reading frames (ORFs) shared amino acid sequence identity with the reference T4 phage, 41 shared identity with other T4-like phages, and 27 ORFs lacked any database matches. Genes on the plus strand encoded virion proteins, which showed moderate to high sequence identity with T4 proteins. The right genome half of JS98 showed a higher degree of sequence conservation with T4 and RB69, even for the nonstructural genes, than did the left genome half, containing exclusively nonstructural genes. Most of the JS98-specific genes were found in the left genome half. Two came as a hypervariability cluster, but most represented isolated genes, suggesting that they were acquired separately in multiple acquisition events. No evidence for DNA exchange between JS98 phage and the E. coli host genome or coliphages other than T4 was observed. No undesired genes which could compromise its medical use were detected in the JS98 genome sequence.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of plasmid propagation of a sporulation promoter on promoter utilization and sporulation in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Transcription of the sporulation gene spoVG of Bacillus subtilis is induced at the onset of spore formation and depends on the products of the regulatory genes spoOA, spoOB, and spoOH. We describe two effects of propagating the promoter region of spoVG on a multicopy plasmid replicon in B. subtilis cells. One effect is that transcription from the plasmid-borne spoVG promoter is altered with respect to the time of its induction and the dependence on spoO gene products. An example of this effect is that plasmid propagation was observed to relieve substantially the inhibitory effect of a mutation in spoOH, the spoO gene upon which spoVG promoter activity is most strongly dependent. We present results which suggest that propagation on a plasmid replicon causes an alteration in the conformation of spoVG promoter DNA which somehow compensates for the defective spoOH gene product. Plasmid propagation did not, however, entirely eliminate the requirement for the spoOH gene product; little or no spoVG-directed RNA synthesis was observed in cells bearing a putative spoOH deletion mutation, a finding which indicates that SpoOH protein plays an indispensable role in spoVG promoter utilization. Another effect of propagating the promoter region of spoVG on a multicopy plasmid is to inhibit sporulation. S1 nuclease mapping experiments suggest that amplification of spoVG on a multicopy plasmid causes the titration of a transcription factor or minor form of RNA polymerase holoenzyme required for utilization of one of the two overlapping promoters which comprise the spoVG transcription initiation region.	0
Abstract2class: Role of AbrB in Spo0A- and Spo0B-dependent utilization of a sporulation promoter in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Transcription of the Bacillus subtilis gene spoVG is induced at the onset of sporulation and is dependent on the products of the stage-0 regulatory genes spo0A, spo0B, and spo0H. We show here that the dependence of spoVG transcription on Spo0A and Spo0B (but not Spo0H) can be bypassed by a mutation at abrB, a previously identified locus at which mutations that suppress some of the phenotypes of spo0A are often located, or by a cis-acting mutation within the spoVG promoter. To explain the epistatis of abrB to spo0A and spo0B mutations, we propose that AbrB acts, directly or indirectly, to block transcription of spoVG and that Spo0A and Spo0B cause inactivation of the abrB gene product(s). Spo0A-Spo0B-dependent inactivation of AbrB could be a general explanation for the pleiotropic effects of spo0A and spo0B mutations on B. subtilis gene expression.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of a Coxiella burnetti gene product that activates capsule synthesis in Escherichia coli: requirement for the heat shock chaperone DnaK and the two-component regulator RcsC Abstract: A 1.2-kb EcoRI genomic DNA fragment of Coxiella burnetti, when cloned onto a multicopy plasmid, was found to induce capsule synthesis (mucoidy) in Escherichia coli. Nucleotide sequence analysis revealed the presence of an open reading frame that could encode a protein of 270 amino acids. Insertion of a tet cassette into a unique NruI restriction site resulted in the loss of induction of mucoidy. Because of its ability to induce mucoidy, we designated this gene mucZ. Computer search for homologies to mucZ revealed 42% identity to an open reading frame located at 1 min of the E. coli chromosome. Interestingly, the C-terminal amino acid residues of MucZ share significant homology with the J domain of the DnaJ protein and its homologs, suggesting potential interactions between MucZ and components of the DnaK-chaperone machinery. Results presented in this paper suggest that E. coli requires DnaK-chaperone machinery for Lon-RcsA-mediated induction of capsule synthesis, as noticed first by S. Gottesman (personal communication). The induction caused by MucZ is independent of Lon-RcsA and is mediated through the two-component regulators RcsC and RcsB. DnaK and GrpE but not DnaJ are also required for the RcsB-mediated MucZ induction, and we propose that MucZ is a DnaJ-like chaperone protein that might be required for the formation of an active RcsA-RcsB complex and for the RcsC-dependent phosphorylation of RcsB. Discussions are presented that suggest three different roles for alternative forms of the DnaK-chaperone machinery in capsule production.	0
Abstract2class: Direct visualization of the outer membrane of mycobacteria and corynebacteria in their native state Abstract: The cell envelope of mycobacteria, which include the causative agents of tuberculosis and leprosy, is crucial for their success as pathogens. Despite a continued strong emphasis on identifying the multiple chemical components of this envelope, it has proven difficult to combine its components into a comprehensive structural model, primarily because the available ultrastructural data rely on conventional electron microscopy embedding and sectioning, which are known to induce artifacts. The existence of an outer membrane bilayer has long been postulated but has never been directly observed by electron microscopy of ultrathin sections. Here we have used cryo-electron microscopy of vitreous sections (CEMOVIS) to perform a detailed ultrastructural analysis of three species belonging to the Corynebacterineae suborder, namely, Mycobacterium bovis BCG, Mycobacterium smegmatis, and Corynebacterium glutamicum, in their native state. We provide new information that accurately describes the different layers of the mycobacterial cell envelope and challenges current models of the organization of its components. We show a direct visualization of an outer membrane, analogous to that found in gram-negative bacteria, in the three bacterial species examined. Furthermore, we demonstrate that mycolic acids, the hallmark of mycobacteria and related genera, are essential for the formation of this outer membrane. In addition, a granular layer and a low-density zone typifying the periplasmic space of gram-positive bacteria are apparent in CEMOVIS images of mycobacteria and corynebacteria. Based on our observations, a model of the organization of the lipids in the outer membrane is proposed. The architecture we describe should serve as a reference for future studies to relate the structure of the mycobacterial cell envelope to its function.	0
Abstract2class: Granular layer in the periplasmic space of gram-positive bacteria and fine structures of Enterococcus gallinarum and Streptococcus gordonii septa revealed by cryo-electron microscopy of vitreous sections Abstract: High-resolution structural information on optimally preserved bacterial cells can be obtained with cryo-electron microscopy of vitreous sections. With the help of this technique, the existence of a periplasmic space between the plasma membrane and the thick peptidoglycan layer of the gram-positive bacteria Bacillus subtilis and Staphylococcus aureus was recently shown. This raises questions about the mode of polymerization of peptidoglycan. In the present study, we report the structure of the cell envelope of three gram-positive bacteria (B. subtilis, Streptococcus gordonii, and Enterococcus gallinarum). In the three cases, a previously undescribed granular layer adjacent to the plasma membrane is found in the periplasmic space. In order to better understand how nascent peptidoglycan is incorporated into the mature peptidoglycan, we investigated cellular regions known to represent the sites of cell wall production. Each of these sites possesses a specific structure. We propose a hypothetic model of peptidoglycan polymerization that accommodates these differences: peptidoglycan precursors could be exported from the cytoplasm to the periplasmic space, where they could diffuse until they would interact with the interface between the granular layer and the thick peptidoglycan layer. They could then polymerize with mature peptidoglycan. We report cytoplasmic structures at the E. gallinarum septum that could be interpreted as cytoskeletal elements driving cell division (FtsZ ring). Although immunoelectron microscopy and fluorescence microscopy studies have demonstrated the septal and cytoplasmic localization of FtsZ, direct visualization of in situ FtsZ filaments has not been obtained in any electron microscopy study of fixed and dehydrated bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of three complementation units in the gerA spore germination locus of Bacillus subtilis Abstract: The gerA locus, mutations in which affect the germination response of spores to L-alanine and related amino acids, is contained within a 6-kilobase region of DNA cloned in phage and plasmid vectors. Fragments from this region, subcloned in the shuttle vector pHV33, were introduced into Bacillus subtilis, and their ability to complement chromosomal gerA mutations in a recE4 background was examined. Although the plasmids were somewhat unstable, it was possible to score complementation within spore-containing colonies on nutrient agar by their ability to reduce 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium chloride in an overlay. These studies have assigned the 10 gerA mutations tested to three complementation groups. An analysis of Tn1000 insertions into the cloned DNA of two relatively stable plasmids that together encompass the entire gerA region has identified more precisely the location and extent of the complementation units; recombination studies and in vitro mutagenesis were used to further delineate the extents of two of the units. The evidence suggests that the three complementation units are adjacent and that they are probably capable of separate transcription.	0
Abstract2class: Transposon Tn917lacZ mutagenesis of Bacillus subtilis: identification of two new loci required for motility and chemotaxis Abstract: We have used Tn917lacZ to mutagenize the Bacillus subtilis chromosome and have isolated mutants that are defective in chemotaxis and motility. Mapping of the transposon inserts identified two new loci. Mutations in one of these loci generated mutants that had paralyzed flagella. Accordingly, we designate this a mot locus. The other locus is closely linked to the first and encodes proteins specifying chemotaxis functions. This locus is designated the cheX locus. Both the mot and cheX loci map close to ptsI. An additional transposon insert that maps in the hag locus was obtained. The pattern of beta-galactosidase expression from some of the transposons suggested that the mot locus is regulated by sigD, a minor sigma factor of B. subtilis. The cheX locus appeared to be under the control of vegetative sigA. Four transposon inserts were mapped to a previously characterized che locus near spcB. These mutants did not produce flagellin and were defective in the methylation of the methyl-accepting chemotaxis proteins. This locus probably encodes proteins required for flagellum biosynthesis and other proteins that are required for the methylation response.	0
Abstract2class: A mutation in P23, the first gene in the RNA polymerase sigma A (sigma 43) operon, affects sporulation in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Mutations within P23, the first gene of the Bacillus subtilis sigma A operon, were not detrimental to vegetative growth or sporulation. One deletion of P23 resulted in a strain that sporulated earlier than the wild type. This aberrant phenotype may be due to the simultaneous deletion of a sigma H promoter from the sigma A operon.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptional organization of a cloned chemotaxis locus of Bacillus subtilis Abstract: A cloned chemotaxis operon has been characterized. Thirteen representative che mutations from different complementation groups were localized on the physical map by recombination experiments. The use of integration plasmids established that at least 10 of these complementation groups within this locus are cotranscribed. An additional three complementation groups may form part of the same transcript. The direction of transcription and the time of expression were determined from chromosomal che-lacZ gene fusions. The promoter was cloned and localized to a 3-kilobase fragment. Expression of beta-galactosidase from this promoter was observed primarily during the logarithmic phase of growth. Three-factor PBS1 cotransduction experiments were performed to order the che locus with respect to adjacent markers. The cheF141 mutation is 70 to 80% linked to pyrD1. This linkage is different from that reported previously (G. W. Ordal, D. O. Nettleton, and J. A. Hoch, J. Bacteriol. 154:1088-1097, 1983). The cheM127 mutation is 57% linked by transformation to spcB3. The gene order determined from all crosses is pyrD-cheF-cheM-spcB.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence and characterization of a Bacillus subtilis gene encoding a flagellar switch protein Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of the Bacillus subtilis fliM gene has been determined. This gene encodes a 38-kDa protein that is homologous to the FliM flagellar switch proteins of Escherichia coli and Salmonella typhimurium. Expression of this gene in Che+ cells of E. coli and B. subtilis interferes with normal chemotaxis. The nature of the chemotaxis defect is dependent upon the host used. In B. subtilis, overproduction of FliM generates mostly nonmotile cells. Those cells that are motile switch less frequently. Expression of B. subtilis FliM in E. coli also generates nonmotile cells. However, those cells that are motile have a tumble bias. The B. subtilis fliM gene cannot complement an E. coli fliM mutant. A frameshift mutation was constructed in the fliM gene, and the mutation was transferred onto the B. subtilis chromosome. The mutant has a Fla- phenotype. This phenotype is consistent with the hypothesis that the FliM protein encodes a component of the flagellar switch in B. subtilis. Additional characterization of the fliM mutant suggests that the hag and mot loci are not expressed. These loci are regulated by the SigD form of RNA polymerase. We also did not observe any methyl-accepting chemotaxis proteins in an in vivo methylation experiment. The expression of these proteins is also dependent upon SigD. It is possible that a functional basal body-hook complex may be required for the expression of SigD-regulated chemotaxis and motility genes.	0
Abstract2class: Separation of donor and recipient bacteria by column chromatography Abstract: When donor and recipient strains of Escherichia coli were added to columns containing Cellex-P (a cation-exchange cellulose), more than 80% of the female cells passed through the column but only 11% or less of the male cells were eluted. However, when donor strains were blended before their addition to the column, the majority of these cells were eluted. These results indicated that the filamentous appendages termed F pili (which are removed by blending) were the structures responsible for the adherence of donor cells to the cellulose.	0
Abstract2class: Loss of elongation factor P disrupts bacterial outer membrane integrity Abstract: Elongation factor P (EF-P) is posttranslationally modified at a conserved lysyl residue by the coordinated action of two enzymes, PoxA and YjeK. We have previously established the importance of this modification in Salmonella stress resistance. Here we report that, like poxA and yjeK mutants, Salmonella strains lacking EF-P display increased susceptibility to hypoosmotic conditions, antibiotics, and detergents and enhanced resistance to the compound S-nitrosoglutathione. The susceptibility phenotypes are largely explained by the enhanced membrane permeability of the efp mutant, which exhibits increased uptake of the hydrophobic dye 1-N-phenylnaphthylamine (NPN). Analysis of the membrane proteomes of wild-type and efp mutant Salmonella strains reveals few changes, including the prominent overexpression of a single porin, KdgM, in the efp mutant outer membrane. Removal of KdgM in the efp mutant background ameliorates the detergent, antibiotic, and osmosensitivity phenotypes and restores wild-type permeability to NPN. Our data support a role for EF-P in the translational regulation of a limited number of proteins that, when perturbed, renders the cell susceptible to stress by the adventitious overexpression of an outer membrane porin.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular cloning and characterization of a locus responsible for O acetylation of the O polysaccharide of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 lipopolysaccharide Abstract: Complementation experiments, Tn5 mutagenesis, and DNA sequencing were used to identify a locus (lag-1) that participates in acetylation of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 lipopolysaccharide. Nuclear magnetic resonance analyses of lipopolysaccharides from mutant and complemented strains suggest that lag-1 is responsible for O acetylation of serogroup 1 O polysaccharide.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a methyl-specific restriction system mediated by a conjugative element from Streptomyces bambergiensis Abstract: pBL2 was identified genetically but not physically in Streptomyces lividans after its mating with S. bambergiensis. During conjugation, pBL2 was transferred at high frequency to S. lividans and S. coelicolor. pBL2.1 DNA isolated from S. coelicolor exconjugants as a circular plasmid was shown to derive from the genome of S. bambergiensis. S. lividans carrying pBL2 or pBL2.1 acquired a methyl-specific restriction (MsrA+) phenotype. The corresponding enzyme was partially purified and shown to resemble a class II endonuclease which cleaves Dam-methylated DNA preferentially.	0
Abstract2class: Bacteriophage T4D receptor and the Escherichia coli cell wall structure: binding of endotoxin-like particles to the cell wall Abstract: A variety of degradative treatments have been used to investigate the nature of the structure and components of the cell walls of Escherichia coli B. The binding and localization of the endotoxin-like particles found on the cell walls were of special interest because some of them are associated with the site where the inner tail tube of bacteriophage T4D penetrates the cell wall. Modified cell walls were obtained by heating a suspension of bacterial cells originally in 0.1 M phosphate, pH 7.0, after the addition of 12.5 M NaOH to a final concentration of 0.25 M. With regard to the endotoxin-like particles, it was found that: (i) at least part of them still remained bound to the modified cell wall after the alkali treatment; (ii) the subsequent incubation of alkali-treated cell walls with lysozyme destroyed the bacterial form and released a complex of endotoxin-like particles together with a fibrous material; (iii) on the other hand, treatment with 45% phenol at 70 degrees C removed the endotoxin-like particles from the surface of the alkali-treated cell walls, but most of the fibrous material was left on the cell wall; and (iv) incubation of alkali-treated cell walls with 5 mM ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid at 20 degrees C also removed the endotoxin-like particles, but did not disrupt the rodlike bacterial form. However, if the ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid treatment was performed at 55 degrees C, the bacterium-like form was destroyed. These differential sensitivities to ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid suggested that loosely bound divalent metal ions normally hold these endotoxin-like particles on the cell wall surface, but that probably more tightly bound metal ions are involved in the determination of cell shape. Analysis of the protein components of the alkalitreated cell walls showed that only one protein was present in significant amounts, and this protein had an electrophoretic mobility similar to that of the Braun lipoprotein. This protein was released from the alkali-treated cell walls upon heating with 2% sodium dodecyl sulfate at 100 degrees C. Phospholipids were also absent from this structure. The distribution of the remaining cell wall components on the alkali-treated cell walls is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of ethylenediaminetetraacetate and chloramphenicol on mitochondrial activity and morphogenesis in Mucor rouxii Abstract: The present study demonstrates the importance of mitochondrial activities in controlling Mucor rouxii morphogenesis. The respiratory capacity of the spores of this facultatively anaerobic, dimorphic fungus becomes repressed if germination and growth take place in the absence of oxygen. The level of activity of mitochondrial enzymes such as cytochrome oxidase and malate dehydrogenase is lower in the anaerobic yeastlike cells than it is in ungerminated spores and in aerobic hyphae, but the reverse is true for glycolytic enzymes such as pyruvate kinase and alcohol dehydrogenase. Following exposure to air, yeastlike cells convert into hyphae after a lag period corresponding to aerobic adaptation. Anaerobic cultures grown in the presence of ethylenediaminetetraacetate (EDTA) at a concentration of 10(-4) M exhibit hyphal morphology. These cells, which are fully adapted to anaerobic fermentation, nevertheless have potentially active mitochondria with the same levels of respiratory enzymes as ungerminated spores. These cells are able to grow immediately after aeration, without an adaptation lag. Evidence is presented which indicates that the morphogenetic effect of EDTA is not the result of elimination of free metals. Additional evidence proving mitochondrial control of morphogenesis in M. rouxii is that chloramphenicol (4 mg/ml) induced the formation of respiratory-deficient, yeastlike cells in aerobic cultures.	0
Abstract2class: Bacteriophage T4D receptors and the Escherichia coli cell wall structure: role of spherical particles and protein b of the cell wall in bacteriophage infection Abstract: The nature of the interaction of bacteriophage T4D and the outer cell wall of its host, Escherichia coli B, has been investigated. Bacteria with altered or modified cell walls have been obtained by two different growth procedures: (i) growth in high osmolarity medium or (ii) growth in broth in the presence of divalent heavy metal ions. When these altered host cells were washed and subsequently added to regular growth medium, they interacted with added phage particles, but successful infection did not occur. Most of the phage particles released from these treated cells were observed to have full heads and an altered tail structure. The altered phage tails had contracted sheaths and unusual pieces of the bacterial cell wall attached to the distal portion of the exposed phage tail tube. Phage released from bacteria grown in the high osmolarity medium had attached cell wall pieces of two major types, these pieces being either 40 or 21 nm in diameter. The smaller-type cell wall pieces (21 nm) were formed by three spheres each measuring 7 nm in diameter. Phage particles released from cells previously exposed to the divalent metal ions had only one 7-nm cell wall sphere attached to the distal end of the tail tube. It was found that these 7-nm spheres (i) are normal components of the cell wall and are morphologically similar to endotoxin, (ii) are held in place on the cell wall by a component of the cell wall called protein b, and (iii) are most likely the site of penetration of the phage tail tube through which the phage DNA enters the host cell.	0
Abstract2class: Structure of the low-affinity penicillin-binding protein 5 PBP5fm in wild-type and highly penicillin-resistant strains of Enterococcus faecium Abstract: Among its penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), Enterococcus faecium possesses a low-affinity PBP5, PBP5fm, which is the main target involved in beta-lactam resistance. A 7.7-kb EcoRI chromosomal fragment of E. faecium D63r containing the pbp5fm gene was cloned and sequenced. Two open reading frames (ORFs) were found. A 2,037-bp ORF encoded the deduced 73.8-kDa PBP5fm, the amino acid sequences of which were, respectively, 99.8, 78.5, and 62% homologous to those of the low-affinity plasmid-encoded PBP3r of Enterococcus hirae S185r and the chromosome-encoded PBP5 of E. hirae R40 and Enterococcus faecalis 56R. A second 597-bp ORF, designated psrfm, was found 2.3 kb upstream of pbp5fm. It appeared to be 285 bp shorter than and 74% homologous with the regulatory gene psr of E. hirae ATCC 9790. Different clinical isolates of E. faecium, for which a wide range of benzylpenicillin MICs were observed, showed that the increases in MICs were related to two mechanisms. For some strains of intermediate resistance (MICs of 16 to 64 micrograms/ml), the increased level of resistance could be explained by the presence of larger quantities of PBP5fm which had an affinity for benzylpenicillin (second-order rate constant of protein acylation [k+2/K] values of 17 to 25 M(-1) s(-1)) that remained unchanged. For the two most highly resistant strains, EFM-1 (MIC, 90 micrograms/ml) and H80721 (MIC, 512 micrograms/ml), the resistance was related to different amino acid substitutions yielding very-low-affinity PBP5fm variants (k+2/K < or = 1.5 M(-1) s(-1)) which were synthesized in small quantities. More specifically, it appeared, with a three-dimensional model of the C-terminal domain of PBP5fm, that the substitutions of Met-485, located in the third position after the conserved SDN triad, by Thr in EFM-1 and by Ala in H80721 were the most likely cause of the decreasing affinity of PBP5fm observed in these strains.	0
Abstract2class: Extracellular glycanases of Rhizobium leguminosarum are activated on the cell surface by an exopolysaccharide-related component Abstract: Rhizobium leguminosarum secretes two extracellular glycanases, PlyA and PlyB, that can degrade exopolysaccharide (EPS) and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC), which is used as a model substrate of plant cell wall cellulose polymers. When grown on agar medium, CMC degradation occurred only directly below colonies of R. leguminosarum, suggesting that the enzymes remain attached to the bacteria. Unexpectedly, when a PlyA-PlyB-secreting colony was grown in close proximity to mutants unable to produce or secrete PlyA and PlyB, CMC degradation occurred below that part of the mutant colonies closest to the wild type. There was no CMC degradation in the region between the colonies. By growing PlyB-secreting colonies on a lawn of CMC-nondegrading mutants, we could observe a halo of CMC degradation around the colony. Using various mutant strains, we demonstrate that PlyB diffuses beyond the edge of the colony but does not degrade CMC unless it is in contact with the appropriate colony surface. PlyA appears to remain attached to the cells since no such diffusion of PlyA activity was observed. EPS defective mutants could secrete both PlyA and PlyB, but these enzymes were inactive unless they came into contact with an EPS(+) strain, indicating that EPS is required for activation of PlyA and PlyB. However, we were unable to activate CMC degradation with a crude EPS fraction, indicating that activation of CMC degradation may require an intermediate in EPS biosynthesis. Transfer of PlyB to Agrobacterium tumefaciens enabled it to degrade CMC, but this was only observed if it was grown on a lawn of R. leguminosarum. This indicates that the surface of A. tumefaciens is inappropriate to activate CMC degradation by PlyB. Analysis of CMC degradation by other rhizobia suggests that activation of secreted glycanases by surface components may occur in other species.	0
Abstract2class: Formation in Rhizobium and Agrobacterium spp. of a 235-kilodalton protein intermediate in beta-D(1-2) glucan synthesis Abstract: beta-D(1-2) Glucan was synthesized by Agrobacterium and Rhizobium spp. in vitro with enzymes from the internal membranes upon the addition of UDF glucose and Mg2+ or Mn2+. An intermediate containing protein and beta-D(1-2) glucan was formed during the reaction. It could be precipitated with trichloroacetic acid or separated by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis under denaturing conditions. After detection with Coomassie blue or a radioactive substrate, the intermediate appeared as a 235-kilodalton protein. The radioactivity could be chased with a nonradioactive substrate. All strains that formed beta-D(1-2) glucan in vitro formed the 235-kilodalton protein, whereas avirulent, beta-D(1-2) glucan-negative mutants did not synthesize it. Transposon insertions in the chvB locus of strains ME2 and ME116 did not alter the virulence of the strains. These strains were able to form beta-D(1-2) glucan in vitro and synthesize the 235-kilodalton protein.	0
Abstract2class: Osmotic regulation of beta(1-2) glucan synthesis in members of the family Rhizobiaceae Abstract: High osmolarity in the culture medium of growing Agrobacterium tumefaciens strongly inhibited the accumulation of cellular beta(1-2) glucan. However, the enzymatic system required for the synthesis of this polysaccharide from UDP-glucose was not repressed by high osmolarity. Mutants of A. tumefaciens and Rhizobium meliloti affected in beta(1-2) glucan synthesis were unable to grow normally in low-osmolarity media.	0
Abstract2class: Coordinated cyclic-di-GMP repression of Salmonella motility through YcgR and cellulose Abstract: Cyclic di-GMP (c-di-GMP) is a secondary messenger that controls a variety of cellular processes, including the switch between a biofilm and a planktonic bacterial lifestyle. This nucleotide binds to cellular effectors in order to exert its regulatory functions. In Salmonella, two proteins, BcsA and YcgR, both of them containing a c-di-GMP binding PilZ domain, are the only known c-di-GMP receptors. BcsA, upon c-di-GMP binding, synthesizes cellulose, the main exopolysaccharide of the biofilm matrix. YcgR is dedicated to c-di-GMP-dependent inhibition of motility through its interaction with flagellar motor proteins. However, previous evidences indicate that in the absence of YcgR, there is still an additional element that mediates motility impairment under high c-di-GMP levels. Here we have uncovered that cellulose per se is the factor that further promotes inhibition of bacterial motility once high c-di-GMP contents drive the activation of a sessile lifestyle. Inactivation of different genes of the bcsABZC operon, mutation of the conserved residues in the RxxxR motif of the BcsA PilZ domain, or degradation of the cellulose produced by BcsA rescued the motility defect of ΔycgR strains in which high c-di-GMP levels were reached through the overexpression of diguanylate cyclases. High c-di-GMP levels provoked cellulose accumulation around cells that impeded flagellar rotation, probably by means of steric hindrance, without affecting flagellum gene expression, exportation, or assembly. Our results highlight the relevance of cellulose in Salmonella lifestyle switching as an architectural element that is both essential for biofilm development and required, in collaboration with YcgR, for complete motility inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: Genome sequence of the human- and animal-pathogenic strain Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 Abstract: The pathogenic strain Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 was isolated from a fatal human nocardiosis case, and its genome was sequenced. The complete genomic sequence of this strain contains 6,194,645 bp, an average G+C content of 68.37%, and no plasmids. We also identified several protein-coding genes to which N. cyriacigeorgica's virulence can potentially be attributed.	0
Abstract2class: Membrane localization of the HflA regulatory protease of Escherichia coli by immunoelectron microscopy Abstract: The hflA locus of Escherichia coli specifies a multisubunit protease that selectively degrades the cII transcriptional activator of phage lambda. The regulated turnover of cII is critical for the choice between the lytic and lysogenic pathways of viral development. Previous cell fractionation work has indicated that HflA is associated with the inner membrane fraction. We have sought to demonstrate that the HflA protease is localized in the cell membrane of intact cells. To achieve this goal, we have combined electron microscopy of thin-sectioned E. coli cells with antibody tagging by a colloidal gold label. Using antibody to purified HflA protein, we have found preferential membrane labeling for hflA+ cells but not for hflA mutant cells. We conclude that HflA protease is localized in the cell membrane. The membrane location for HflA protein may serve as a component of a targeting mechanism to limit the action of the regulatory protease to selected cytoplasmic proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Phosphate transport in Halobacterium halobium depends on cellular ATP levels Abstract: Freshly harvested Halobacterium halobium cells grown in the presence of 0.5 mM Pi took up phosphate with a low apparent Km. Import depended on intracellular ATP levels; sodium and proton (electro)chemical gradients alone were not competent to drive Pi uptake. Although most of the phosphate accumulated as Pi in the cells, efflux of Pi was difficult to achieve.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of envelope polypeptides by Haemophilus influenzae during development of competence for genetic transformation Abstract: Six polypeptides with apparent molecular weights of 95,000, 90,000, 80,000, 67,000, 64,000, and 43,000 were found to be characteristic of the cell envelopes of competent Haemophilus influenzae, and were synthesized entirely during the period of competence development. Two polypeptides with apparent molecular weights of 58,500 and 40,500 were synthesized during growth as well as during competence development, but were only associated with the envelope fraction of cells that had developed competence. The kinetics of synthesis of the competence-related envelope polypeptides showed a lag period of approximately 20 min. The observation of this lag period raises the question as to whether some of these competence-related polypeptides might be involved in the process of deoxyribonucleic acid uptake, since the development of this property also exhibits a sigmoid time course during competence development.	0
Abstract2class: Constitution of the cell envelope of Haemophilus influenzae in relation to competence for genetic transformation Abstract: Cell envelopes of Haemophilus influenzae have been prepared by breakage in a French pressure cell followed by differential centrifugation. The envelope fraction may be resolved into an inner-membrane (light) and an outer-membrane (heavy) fraction on density gradients. Envelopes from competent cells possess elevated levels of lipopolysaccharide with a composition different from that of log-phase cell envelopes. Three apparently new polypeptides have been observed in envelopes from competent cells by gel electrophoresis in sodium dodecyl sulfate; additional quantitative alterations in the profiles of membrane polypeptides also company the development of the capacity to transport deoxyribonucleic acid. Most of the polypeptide changes are confined to the outer membrane; one new polypeptide is associated with the inner cytoplasmic membrane of competent cells. Protein synthesis during competence developement is rquired for the change in lipopolysaccharides and in the envelope polypeptides to occur.	0
Abstract2class: Multiple regulatory events in the development of competence for genetic transformation in Haemophilus influenzae Abstract: Cyclic adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate derepresses enzyme synthesis but does not yield high levels of transformability or detectable levels of competence-related envelope polypeptides. Additional regulatory events must trigger complete expression of competence.	0
Abstract2class: Genome sequence of Moraxella catarrhalis RH4, an isolate of seroresistant lineage Abstract: Here we report the annotated genome sequence of Moraxella catarrhalis strain RH4, a seroresistant-lineage strain isolated from the blood of an infected patient. This genome sequence will allow us to gain further insight into the genetic diversity of clinical M. catarrhalis isolates and will facilitate study of M. catarrhalis pathogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: An interactive regulatory network controls stress response in Bifidobacterium breve UCC2003 Abstract: Members of the genus Bifidobacterium are gram-positive bacteria that commonly are found in the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) of mammals, including humans. Because of their perceived probiotic properties, they frequently are incorporated as functional ingredients in food products. From probiotic production to storage and GIT delivery, bifidobacteria encounter a plethora of stresses. To cope with these environmental challenges, they need to protect themselves through stress-induced adaptive responses. We have determined the response of B. breve UCC2003 to various stresses (heat, osmotic, and solvent) using transcriptome analysis, DNA-protein interactions, and GusA reporter fusions, and we combined these with results from an in silico analysis. The integration of these results allowed the formulation of a model for an interacting regulatory network for stress response in B. breve UCC2003 where HspR controls the SOS response and the ClgR regulon, which in turn regulates and is regulated by HrcA. This model of an interacting regulatory network is believed to represent the paradigm for stress adaptation in bifidobacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Time-resolved determination of the CcpA regulon of Lactococcus lactis subsp. cremoris MG1363 Abstract: Carbon catabolite control protein A (CcpA) is the main regulator involved in carbon catabolite repression in gram-positive bacteria. Time series gene expression analyses of Lactococcus lactis MG1363 and L. lactis MG1363DeltaccpA using DNA microarrays were used to define the CcpA regulon of L. lactis. Based on a comparison of the transcriptome data with putative CcpA binding motifs (cre sites) in promoter sequences in the genome of L. lactis, 82 direct targets of CcpA were predicted. The main differences in time-dependent expression of CcpA-regulated genes were differences between the exponential and transition growth phases. Large effects were observed for carbon and nitrogen metabolic genes in the exponential growth phase. Effects on nucleotide metabolism genes were observed primarily in the transition phase. Analysis of the positions of putative cre sites revealed that there is a link between either repression or activation and the location of the cre site within the promoter region. Activation was observed when putative cre sites were located upstream of the hexameric -35 sequence at an average position of -56.5 or further upstream with decrements of 10.5 bp. Repression was observed when the cre site was located in or downstream of putative -35 and -10 sequences. The highest level of repression was observed when the cre site was present at a defined side of the DNA helix relative to the canonical -10 sequence. Gel retardation experiments, Northern blotting, and enzyme assays showed that CcpA represses its own expression and activates the expression of the divergently oriented prolidase-encoding pepQ gene, which constitutes a link between regulation of carbon metabolism and regulation of nitrogen metabolism.	0
Abstract2class: Ligand-binding properties and conformational dynamics of autolysin repeat domains in staphylococcal cell wall recognition Abstract: The bifunctional major autolysin Atl plays a key role in staphylococcal cell separation. Processing of Atl yields catalytically active amidase (AM) and glucosaminidase (GL) domains that are each fused to repeating units. The two repeats of AM (R1 and R2) target the enzyme to the septum, where it cleaves murein between dividing cells. We have determined the crystal structure of R2, which reveals that each repeat folds into two half-open β-barrel subunits. We further demonstrate that lipoteichoic acid serves as a receptor for the repeats and that this interaction depends on conserved surfaces in each subunit. Small-angle X-ray scattering of the mature amidase reveals the presence of flexible linkers separating the AM, R1, and R2 units. Different levels of flexibility for each linker provide mechanistic insights into the conformational dynamics of the full-length protein and the roles of its components in cell wall association and catalysis. Our analysis supports a model in which the repeats direct the catalytic AM domain to the septum, where it can optimally perform the final step of cell division.	0
Abstract2class: PURIFICATION AND CHARACTERIZATION OF STAPHYLOCOAGULASE Abstract: Zolli, Zeno, Jr. (Michigan State University, East Lansing), and Charles L. San Clemente. Purification and characterization of staphylocoagulase. J. Bacteriol. 86:527-535. 1963.-Separation and extreme purification of coagulase from Staphylococcus aureus strain 70 was achieved by using three cycles of dialysis in ethanol-water mixtures under controlled conditions, followed by molecular sieving through a column of Sephadex G-200. By manipulation of five variables (pH, ionic strength, temperature, protein, and ethanol concentration), the final preparation showed an approximate 3700-fold increase in activity per mg of protein. The successfully isolated coagulase containing 15.0% nitrogen was characterized serologically and chemically. By use of agar diffusion techniques, one zone of precipitation was obtained with the highly purified material. Additional confirmation of purity was evidenced by the appearance of a single peak with cellulose acetate paper electrophoresis with a barbital buffer at pH 8.6. Progressive and eventual elimination of carbohydrate, deoxyribonuclease, lipase, and phosphatase was observed through the four stages of purification. Temperature studies showed that the stability of each fraction was inversely related to its purity.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of cysteine and tryptophan content of insoluble proteins derived from wild-type and mi-1 strains of Neurospora crassa Abstract: The possibility of an amino acid substitution (cysteine for tryptophan) in a membrane protein of the [mi-1] strain of Neurospora crassa has been investigated in detail by using a double radioactive labeling procedure. Auxotrophic strains of Neurospora having wild-type [+] or [mi-1] cytoplasm have been grown under conditions which result in the specific labeling of protein tryptophan with (3)H and protein cysteine with (35)S. Although the least soluble 1 to 20% of the [mi-1] mitochondrial membrane protein was usually found to have a higher Cys/Trp ratio (ratio of cysteine plus half-cystine to tryptophan) than the corresponding [+] fraction, it has been shown that these differences were due mainly to the presence of differential amounts of a very insoluble, cysteine-rich (Cys-rich) material. The same Cys-rich material was found in variable amounts in both [+] and [mi-1] cultures, but the concentration was usually higher in the [mi-1] cultures. The Cys-rich material is clearly distinct from "structural protein" on the basis of amino acid composition and appears to have no direct relationship to the [mi-1] phenotype. In the absence of the Cys-rich material, no difference between the Cys/Trp ratios of corresponding [+] and [mi-1] membrane proteins could be detected. We conclude, therefore, that the previously postulated amino acid substitution of cysteine for tryptophan in [mi-1] membrane protein is incorrect.	0
Abstract2class: Appendage-mediated surface adherence of Sulfolobus solfataricus Abstract: Attachment of microorganisms to surfaces is a prerequisite for colonization and biofilm formation. The hyperthermophilic crenarchaeote Sulfolobus solfataricus was able to attach to a variety of surfaces, such as glass, mica, pyrite, and carbon-coated gold grids. Deletion mutant analysis showed that for initial attachment the presence of flagella and pili is essential. Attached cells produced extracellular polysaccharides containing mannose, galactose, and N-acetylglucosamine. Genes possibly involved in the production of the extracellular polysaccharides were identified.	0
Abstract2class: FILAMENT FORMATION BY ESCHERICHIA COLI AT INCREASED HYDROSTATIC PRESSURES Abstract: ZoBell, Claude E. (University of California, La Jolla), and Andre B. Cobet. Filament formation by Escherichia coli at increased hydrostatic pressures. J. Bacteriol. 87:710-719. 1964.-The reproduction as well as the growth of Escherichia coli is retarded by hydrostatic pressures ranging from 200 to 500 atm. Reproduction was indicated by an increase in the number of cells determined by plating on EMB Agar as well as by direct microscopic counts. Growth, which is not necessarily synonymous with reproduction, was indicated by increase in dry weight and protein content of the bacterial biomass. At increased pressures, cells of three different strains of E. coli tended to form long filaments. Whereas most normal cells of E. coli that developed at 1 atm were only about 2 mu long, the mean length of those that developed at 475 atm was 2.93 mu for strain R(4), 3.99 mu for strain S, and 5.82 mu for strain B cells. Nearly 90% of the bacterial biomass produced at 475 atm by strain B was found in filaments exceeding 5 mu in length; 74.7 and 16.4% of the biomass produced at 475 atm by strains S and R(4), respectively, occurred in such filaments. Strain R(4) formed fewer and shorter (5 to 35 mu) filaments than did the other two strains, whose filaments ranged in length from 5 to >100 mu. The bacterial biomass produced at all pressures had approximately the same content of protein and nucleic acids. But at increased pressures appreciably more ribonucleic acid (RNA) and proportionately less deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) was found per unit of biomass. Whereas the RNA content per cell increased with cell length, the amount of DNA was nearly the same in long filaments formed at increased pressure as in cells of normal length formed at 1 atm. The inverse relationship between the concentration of DNA and cell length in all three strains of E. coli suggests that the failure of DNA to replicate at increased pressure may be responsible for a repression of cell division and consequent filament formation.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of penicillinase synthesis: a mutation in Staphylococcus aureus unlinked to the penicillinase plasmid that reduced penicillinase inducibility Abstract: A mutant of Staphylococcus aureus strain 655 was isolated that is restricted in penicillinase induction. Wild-type plasmids that bear penicillinase determinants could not be fully induced in this mutant, 655par-1; hence, the responsible mutation is not located on the plasmid. Mutant plasmid PI(258)penI443, which produces penicillinase constitutively in wild-type cells, was fully constitutive for penicillinase production when it was harbored by mutant 655par-1. Therefore, the bacterial mutation does not interfere directly with the transcription of the penZ gene or translation of the penicillinase messenger ribonucleic acid. Mutant plasmid PII(147)penI220 was fully inducible in the mutant bacterium, even though the wild-type plasmid PII(147) was only partially inducible in the par-1 mutant. Thus, in the presence of inducer, complementation appears to occur between the product of the par-1 gene and the product of the penI220 gene. These results suggest that the par-1 gene codes for a penicillinase antire-pressor.	0
Abstract2class: NOVEL Escherichia coli dnaB mutant: direct involvement of the dnaB252 gene product in the synthesis of an origin-ribonucleic acid species during initiaion of a round of deoxyribonucleic acid replication Abstract: The initiation process of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) replication in Escherichia coli has been studied using the thermoreversible dna initiation mutant E. coli HfrHl65/120/6 dna-252. This dna mutation was incorrectly classed as a dnaA mutation. Biochemical and genetic evidence suggests that the dna-252 mutant is a novel dnaB mutant, possessing phenotypic properties which distinguish it from other dnaB mutants. Sensitivity of reinitiation in the dna-252 mutant to specific inhibitors of protein, ribonucleic acid (RNA), and DNA synthesis was studied. Reinitiation is shown to be sensitive to rifampin and streptolydigin but not to cholramphenicol. Thus, the dna-252 gene product appears to be required during the initiation process for a step occurring either before or during synthesis of an RNA species (origin-RNA). Using reversible inhibition of RNA synthesis by streptolydigin of a streptolydigin-sensitive derivative of the dna-252 mutant, the dna-252 gene product is shown to be directly involved in the synthesis of an orgin-RNA species. These results are included in a schematic model presented in the accompanying paper of the temporal sequence of events occurring during the initiation process.	0
Abstract2class: Temporal sequence of events during the initiation process in Escherichia coli deoxyribonucleic acid replication: roles of the dnaA and dnaC gene products and ribonucleic acid polymerase Abstract: Three thermosensitive deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) initiation mutants of Escherichia coli exposed to the restrictive temperature for one to two generations were examined for the ability to reinitiate DNA replication after returning to the permissive temperature in the presence of rifampin, chloramphenicol, or nalidixic acid. Reinitiation in the dnaA mutant was inhibited by rifampin but not by chloramphenicol, whereas renitiation was not inhibited by rifampin but not by chloramphenicol, whereas reinitiation was not inhibited in two dnaC mutants by either rifampin or chloramphenicol. To observe the rifampin inhibition, the antibiotic must be added at least 10 min before return to the permissive temperature. The rifampin inhibition of reinitiation was not observed when a rifampin-resistant ribonucleic acid ((RNA) polymerase gene was introduced into the dnaA mutant, demonstrating that RNA polymerase synthesizes one or more RNA species required for the initation of DNA replication (origin-RNA). Reinitiation at 30 degrees C was not inhibited by streptolydigin in a stretolydigin-sensitive dnaA muntant. Incubation in the presence of nalidixic acid prevented subsequent reinitiation in the dnaC28 mutant but did not inhibit reinitiation in the dnaA5 muntant. These results demonstrate that the dnaA gene product acts before or during the synthesis of an origin-RNA, RNA polymerase synthesizes this origin RNA, and the dnaC gene product is involved in a step after this RNA synthesis event. Furthermore, these results suggest that the dnaC gene product is involved in the first deoxyribounucleotide polymerization event wheareas the dnaA gene product acts prior to this event. A model is presented describing the temporal sequence of events that occur during initiation of a round of DNA replication, based on results in this and the accompanying paper.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic organization and sequence of the Pseudomonas cepacia genes for the alpha and beta subunits of protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase Abstract: The locations of the genes for the alpha and beta subunits of protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.3) on a 9.5-kilobase-pair PstI fragment cloned from the Pseudomonas cepacia DBO1 chromosome were determined. This was accomplished through the construction of several subclones into the broad-host-range cloning vectors pRO2317, pRO2320, and pRO2321. The ability of each subclone to complement mutations in protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase (pcaA) was tested in mutant strains derived from P. cepacia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Pseudomonas putida. These complementation studies also showed that the two subunits were expressed from the same promoter. The nucleotide sequence of the region encoding for protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase was determined. The deduced amino acid sequence matched that determined by N-terminal analysis of regions of the isolated enzyme. Although over 400 nucleotides were sequenced before the start of the genes, no homology to known promoters was found. However, a terminator stem-loop structure was found immediately after the genes. The deduced amino acid sequence showed extensive homology with the previously determined amino acid sequence of protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase from another Pseudomonas species.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning, expression, and regulation of the Pseudomonas cepacia protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase genes Abstract: The genes for the alpha and beta subunits of the enzyme protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase (EC 1.13.11.3) were cloned from the Pseudomonas cepacia DBO1 chromosome on a 9.5-kilobase-pair PstI fragment into the broad-host-range cloning vector pRO2317. The resultant clone was able to complement protocatechuate 3,4-dioxugenase mutations in P. cepacia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Pseudomonas putida. Expression studies showed that the genes were constitutively expressed and subject to catabolite repression in the heterologous host. Since the cloned genes exhibited normal induction patterns when present in P. cepacia DBO1, it was concluded that induction was subject to negative control. Regulatory studies with P. cepacia wild-type and mutant strains showed that protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase is induced either by protocatechuate or by beta-carboxymuconate. Further studies of P. cepacia DBO1 showed that p-hydroxybenzoate hydroxylase (EC 1.14.13.2), the preceding enzyme in the pathway, is induced by p-hydroxybenzoate and that beta-carboxymuconate lactonizing enzyme, which catalyzes the reaction following protocatechuate 3,4-dioxygenase, is induced by both p-hydroxybenzoate and beta-ketoadipate.	0
Abstract2class: Evolution of vitamin B2 biosynthesis: 6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthases of Brucella Abstract: The penultimate step in the biosynthesis of riboflavin (vitamin B2) involves the condensation of 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone 4-phosphate with 5-amino-6-ribitylamino-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione, which is catalyzed by 6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthase (lumazine synthase). Pathogenic Brucella species adapted to an intracellular lifestyle have two genes involved in riboflavin synthesis, ribH1 and ribH2, which are located on different chromosomes. The ribH2 gene was shown previously to specify a lumazine synthase (type II lumazine synthase) with an unusual decameric structure and a very high Km for 3,4-dihydroxy-2-butanone 4-phosphate. Moreover, the protein was found to be an immunodominant Brucella antigen and was able to generate strong humoral as well as cellular immunity against Brucella abortus in mice. We have now cloned and expressed the ribH1 gene, which is located inside a small riboflavin operon, together with two other putative riboflavin biosynthesis genes and the nusB gene, specifying an antitermination factor. The RibH1 protein (type I lumazine synthase) is a homopentamer catalyzing the formation of 6,7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine at a rate of 18 nmol mg(-1) min(-1). Sequence comparison of lumazine synthases from archaea, bacteria, plants, and fungi suggests a family of proteins comprising archaeal lumazine and riboflavin synthases, type I lumazine synthases, and the eubacterial type II lumazine synthases.	0
Abstract2class: REVERSAL OF d-CYCLOSERINE INHIBITION OF BACTERIAL GROWTH BY ALANINE Abstract: Zygmunt, Walter A. (Mead Johnson & Co., Evansville, Ind.). Reversal of d-cycloserine inhibition of bacterial growth by alanine. J. Bacteriol. 84:154-156. 1962.-Reversal of the antibacterial activity of d-4-amino-3-isoxazolidone by alanine in bacterial cultures actively growing on chemically defined media was compared in cultures requiring exogenous alanine and those capable of its synthesis. dl-Alanine was the most effective reversal agent in Pediococcus cerevisiae, an alanine-requiring organism, and d-alanine was effective in Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus, organisms synthesizing alanine. With all three cultures, l-alanine was the least effective reversal agent.	0
Abstract2class: ANTAGONISM OF D-CYCLOSERINE INHIBITION OF MYCOBACTERIAL GROWTH BY D-ALANINE Abstract: Zygmunt, Walter A. (Mead Johnson & Co., Evansville, Ind.). Antagonism of d-cycloserine inhibition of mycobacterial growth by d-alanine. J. Bacteriol. 85:1217-1220. 1963.-Reversal of the antimycobacterial activity of d-4-amino-3-isoxazolidinone (d-cycloserine) by alanine in two species of mycobacteria actively growing on chemically defined media was compared. In both instances, d-alanine was the most effective reversal agent. The specificity with which the d isomer reversed the antimycobacterial activity of d-cycloserine was more pronounced than that observed with other species of bacteria. Mycobactin, a growth factor for certain mycobacteria, showed no reversal activity.	0
Abstract2class: Cytoplasmic pH homeostasis in an acidophilic bacterium, Thiobacillus acidophilus Abstract: The cytoplasmic buffering capacity of Thiobacillus acidophilus (along with membrane properties) is responsible for the cytoplasmic pH homeostasis in metabolically compromised cells. When a large influx of H+ occurs, the cytoplasmic buffering capacity prevents drastic changes in pH; in addition, this influx, by increasing the positive membrane potential, eventually leads to a cessation of further H+ influx.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of starvation on cytoplasmic pH, proton motive force, and viability of an acidophilic bacterium, Thiobacillus acidophilus Abstract: The question of whether Thiobacillus acidophilus maintains its cytoplasmic pH at values close to neutrality by active or passive means was explored by subjecting the organism to long-term starvation (up to 22 days). Starving cells maintained a delta pH of 2 to 3 U throughout starvation, although cellular poly-beta-hydroxybutyric acid and ATP, the proton motive force, and culture viability were low or not detectable after 200 h. Cells exposed to azide or azide plus N,N'-dicyclohexylcarbodiimide immediately exhibited characteristics of cells starved for more than 200 h. Thus, a large delta pH in T. acidophilus was maintained in the absence of ATP, ATPase activity, respiration, significant levels of proton motive force, and cell viability and was therefore not dependent on chemiosmotic ionic pumping. The transition from a metabolically active to an inactive state was accompanied by a large increase in the positive membrane potential, which nearly completely compensated for the delta pH in the inactive cells. The longevity of the acidophile during starvation was comparable to that reported previously for neutrophiles, and the loss of viability occurred not because of the acidification of the cytoplasm but apparently because of energy depletion.	0
Abstract2class: Immunological relationships among some species of extremely halophilic bacteria Abstract: Rabbits were immunized with four strains of halobacteria, Halobacterium halobium NRL, H. halobium R-1, H. salinarium NRL-9, and H. cutirubrum NRL-10, that had been fixed with formaldehyde. The antisera obtained detected the presence of an antigen common to the Halobacterium genus and, after absorption, detected three distinct antigenic groups within the Halobacterium genus. A fourth group was agglutinated only by unabsorbed sera.	0
Abstract2class: Preferential selection of deletion mutations of the outer membrane lipoprotein gene of Escherichia coli by globomycin Abstract: Globomycin is an antibiotic which inhibits the processing of the prolipoprotein. Eighty globomycin-resistant mutants were independently isolated from Escherichia coli K-12 which had a deletion mutation in chromosomal lipoprotein gene (lpp), but contained a plasmid carrying the wild-type lpp gene. Twenty-six of the mutants did not have the lipoprotein in the membrane fractions. From the analysis of the plasmids of these mutants, all of the lipoprotein-deficient mutations were found to be due to deletion mutations around the lpp gene.	0
Abstract2class: Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaebacterium Pyrococcus woesei: characterization of the enzyme, cloning and sequencing of the gene, and expression in Escherichia coli Abstract: The glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase from the hyperthermophilic archaebacterium Pyrococcus woesei (optimal growth temperature, 100 to 103 degrees C) was purified to homogeneity. This enzyme was strictly phosphate dependent, utilized either NAD+ or NADP+, and was insensitive to pentalenolactone like the enzyme from the methanogenic archaebacterium Methanothermus fervidus. The enzyme exhibited a considerable thermostability, with a 44-min half-life at 100 degrees C. The amino acid sequence of the glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase from P. woesei was deduced from the nucleotide sequence of the coding gene. Compared with the enzyme homologs from mesophilic archaebacteria (Methanobacterium bryantii, Methanobacterium formicicum) and an extremely thermophilic archaebacterium (Methanothermus fervidus), the primary structure of the P. woesei enzyme exhibited a strikingly high proportion of aromatic amino acid residues and a low proportion of sulfur-containing residues. The coding gene of P. woesei was expressed at a high level in Escherichia coli, thus providing an ideal basis for detailed structural and functional studies of that enzyme.	0
Abstract2class: Expression of Caulobacter dnaA as a function of the cell cycle Abstract: The initiation of DNA replication is under differential control in Caulobacter crescentus. Following cell division, only the chromosome in the progeny stalked cell is able to initiate DNA replication, while the chromosome in the progeny swarmer cell does not replicate until later in the cell cycle. We have isolated the dnaA gene in order to determine whether this essential and ubiquitous replication initiation protein also contributes to differential replication control in C. crescentus. Analysis of the cloned C. crescentus dnaA gene has shown that the deduced amino acid sequence can encode a 486-amino-acid protein that is 37% identical to the DnaA protein of Escherichia coli. The gene is located 2 kb from the origin of replication. Primer extension analysis revealed a single transcript originating from a sigma 70-type promoter. Immunoprecipitation of a DnaA'-beta-lactamase fusion protein showed that although expression occurs throughout the cell cycle, there is a doubling in the rate of expression just prior to the initiation of replication.	0
Abstract2class: Glycerol kinase, the pacemaker for the dissimilation of glycerol in Escherichia coli Abstract: The activity of glycerol kinase is rate-limiting in the metabolism of glycerol by cells of Escherichia coli. A mutant strain producing a glycerol kinase resistant to inhibition by fructose-1,6-diphosphate grows faster than its wild-type parent on glycerol as the sole source of carbon and energy. The amount of intracellular fructose-1,6-diphosphate was determined for wild-type cells growing exponentially on glycerol. The water content of such cells was also determined, allowing calculation of the intracellular concentration of fructose-1,6-diphosphate. This value, 1.7 mm, is adequate to exert substantial inhibition on the wild-type glycerol kinase. The desensitization of glycerol kinase to feedback inhibition also enhances the power of glycerol to exert catabolite repression, both on the enzymes of the glycerol system itself and on those of the lactose system. However, desensitization of glycerol kinase alone does not eliminate the phenomenon of diauxic growth in a glucose-glycerol medium. Biphasic growth in such a medium is abolished if the altered enzyme is produced constitutively. The constitutive production of the mutant kinase at high levels, however, renders the cells vulnerable to glycerol. Thus, when the cells have been grown on a carbon source with a low power for catabolite repression, e.g., succinate, sudden exposure to glycerol leads to overconsumption of the nutrient and cell death.	0
Abstract2class: Regulatory mutations affecting the gluconate system in Escherichia coli Abstract: A spontaneously arising regulatory mutant of the gluconate system in Escherichia coli was isolated. This mutant became constitutive, probably in one step, for gluconate high-affinity transport, gluconokinase, and gluconate-6-P dehydrase. The mutation involved (gntR18) is cotransducible with asd. Pseudorevertants, derived from a mutant (M2) that shows a long lag for growth on gluconate mineral medium, were also isolated and characterized. They give constitutive levels of gluconokinase and gluconate-6-P dehydrase but lack high-affinity transport function. Genetic experiments performed with one of these pseudorevertants (M4) indicate that it carries a secondary mutation in the gntR gene. The M4 phenotype is thus the result of the interaction of expression of a constitutive mutation (gntR4) with the mutation of strain M2 (gntM2).	0
Abstract2class: Lateral gene transfer of dissimilatory (bi)sulfite reductase revisited Abstract: In contrast to previous findings, we demonstrate that the dissimilatory (bi)sulfite reductase genes (dsrAB) of Desulfobacula toluolica were vertically inherited. Furthermore, Desulfobacterium anilini and strain mXyS1 were identified, by dsrAB sequencing of 17 reference strains, as members of the donor lineage for those gram-positive Desulfotomaculum species which laterally acquired dsrAB.	0
Abstract2class: Mutations in the scaffoldin gene, cipA, of Clostridium thermocellum with impaired cellulosome formation and cellulose hydrolysis: insertions of a new transposable element, IS1447, and implications for cellulase synergism on crystalline cellulose Abstract: Mutants of Clostridium thermocellum that had lost the ability to adhere to microcrystalline cellulose were isolated. Six of them that showed diminished ability to depolymerize crystalline cellulose were selected. Size exclusion chromatography of the proteins from the culture supernatant revealed the loss of the supramolecular enzyme complex, the cellulosome. However, denaturing sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis resulted in extracellular protein patterns comparable to those of isolated cellulosomes, except for a missing CipA band. Sequencing of the six mutant cipA genes revealed a new insertion (IS) element, IS1447, belonging to the IS3 family. It was inserted into the cipA reading frame in four different locations: cohesin module 1, two different positions in the carbohydrate binding module, and cohesin module 3. The IS sequences were identical and consisted of a transposase gene and the inverted repeats IRR and IRS. The insertion resulted in an obviously nonspecific duplication of 3 base pairs within the target sequence. This lack of specificity allows transposition without the need of a defined target DNA sequence. Eighteen copies of IS1447 were identified in the genomic sequence of C. thermocellum ATCC 27405. At least one of them can be activated for transposition. Compared to the wild type, the mutant culture supernatant, with a completely defective CipA protein, showed equal specific hydrolytic activity against soluble beta-glucan but a 15-fold reduction in specific activity with crystalline cellulose. These results identify a genetic basis for the synergistic effect of complex formation on crystalline-cellulose degradation.	0
Abstract2class: Multidomain structure and cellulosomal localization of the Clostridium thermocellum cellobiohydrolase CbhA Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of the Clostridium thermocellum F7 cbhA gene, coding for the cellobiohydrolase CbhA, has been determined. An open reading frame encoding a protein of 1,230 amino acids was identified. Removal of a putative signal peptide yields a mature protein of 1,203 amino acids with a molecular weight of 135,139. Sequence analysis of CbhA reveals a multidomain structure of unusual complexity consisting of an N-terminal cellulose binding domain (CBD) homologous to CBD family IV, an immunoglobulin-like beta-barrel domain, a catalytic domain homologous to cellulase family E1, a duplicated domain similar to fibronectin type III (Fn3) modules, a CBD homologous to family III, a highly acidic linker region, and a C-terminal dockerin domain. The cellulosomal localization of CbhA was confirmed by Western blot analysis employing polyclonal antibodies raised against a truncated enzymatically active version of CbhA. CbhA was identified as cellulosomal subunit S3 by partial amino acid sequence analysis. Comparison of the multidomain structures indicates striking similarities between CbhA and a group of cellulases from actinomycetes. Average linkage cluster analysis suggests a coevolution of the N-terminal CBD and the catalytic domain and its spread by horizontal gene transfer among gram-positive cellulolytic bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: DNA binding of the Bordetella pertussis H1 homolog alters in vitro DNA flexibility Abstract: BpH1, the Bordetella pertussis H1 homolog, interacts with chromosomal DNA. With DNase I protection assays, we demonstrate in this study that BpH1 binds DNA in a nonspecific manner and that it may cover DNA fragments from end to end. Although the binding was shown to be nonspecific, preferential binding sites and sites resistant to BpH1 binding were identified within and upstream of the pertussis toxin promoter sequence. In the presence of DNA ligase, BpH1 favored the formation of multimeric DNA fragments of various sizes and prevented ring closures, suggesting a diminished flexibility of the DNA fragments and thus indicating that BpH1 acts as a macromolecular crowding agent.	0
Abstract2class: Near-real-time analysis of the phenotypic responses of Escherichia coli to 1-butanol exposure using Raman Spectroscopy Abstract: Raman spectroscopy was used to study the time course of phenotypic responses of Escherichia coli (DH5α) to 1-butanol exposure (1.2% [vol/vol]). Raman spectroscopy is of interest for bacterial phenotyping because it can be performed (i) in near real time, (ii) with minimal sample preparation (label-free), and (iii) with minimal spectral interference from water. Traditional off-line analytical methodologies were applied to both 1-butanol-treated and control cells to draw correlations with Raman data. Here, distinct sets of Raman bands are presented that characterize phenotypic traits of E. coli with maximized correlation to off-line measurements. In addition, the observed time course phenotypic responses of E. coli to 1.2% (vol/vol) 1-butanol exposure included the following: (i) decreased saturated fatty acids levels, (ii) retention of unsaturated fatty acids and low levels of cyclopropane fatty acids, (iii) increased membrane fluidity following the initial response of increased rigidity, and (iv) no changes in total protein content or protein-derived amino acid composition. For most phenotypic traits, correlation coefficients between Raman spectroscopy and traditional off-line analytical approaches exceeded 0.75, and major trends were captured. The results suggest that near-real-time Raman spectroscopy is suitable for approximating metabolic and physiological phenotyping of bacterial cells subjected to toxic environmental conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Mutation of a gene encoding a putative glycoprotease leads to reduced salt tolerance, altered pigmentation, and cyanophycin accumulation in the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 Abstract: The salt-sensitive mutant 549 of the cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 was genetically and physiologically characterized. The mutated site and corresponding wild-type site were cloned and partially sequenced. The genetic analysis revealed that during the mutation about 1.8 kb was deleted from the chromosome of mutant 549. This deletion affected four open reading frames: a gcp gene homolog, the psaFJ genes, and an unknown gene. After construction of mutants with single mutations, only the gcp mutant showed a reduction in salt tolerance comparable to that of the initial mutant, indicating that the deletion of this gene was responsible for the salt sensitivity and that the other genes were of minor importance. Besides the reduced salt tolerance, a remarkable change in pigmentation was observed that became more pronounced in salt-stressed cells. The phycobilipigment content decreased, and that of carotenoids increased. Investigations of changes in the ultrastructure revealed an increase in the amount of characteristic inclusion bodies containing the high-molecular-weight nitrogen storage polymer cyanophycin (polyaspartate and arginine). The salt-induced accumulation of cyanophycin was confirmed by chemical estimations. The putative glycoprotease encoded by the gcp gene might be responsible for the degradation of cyanophycin in Synechocystis. Mutation of this gene leads to nitrogen starvation of the cells, accompanied by characteristic changes in pigmentation, ultrastructure, and salt tolerance level.	0
Abstract2class: Two Fis regulators directly repress the expression of numerous effector-encoding genes in Legionella pneumophila Abstract: Legionella pneumophila is an intracellular human pathogen that utilizes the Icm/Dot type IVB secretion system to translocate a large repertoire of effectors into host cells. For most of these effectors, there is no information regarding their regulation. Therefore, the aim of this study was to examine the involvement of the three L. pneumophila Fis homologs in the regulation of effector-encoding genes. Deletion mutants constructed in the genes encoding the three Fis regulators revealed that Fis1 (lpg0542 gene) and Fis3 (lpg1743) but not Fis2 (lpg1370) are partially required for intracellular growth of L. pneumophila in Acanthamoeba castellanii. To identify pathogenesis-related genes directly regulated by Fis, we established a novel in vivo system which resulted in the discovery of numerous effector-encoding genes directly regulated by Fis. Further examination of these genes revealed that Fis1 and Fis3 repress the level of expression of effector-encoding genes during exponential phase. Three groups of effector-encoding genes were identified: (i) effectors regulated mainly by Fis1, (ii) effectors regulated mainly by Fis3, and (iii) effectors regulated by both Fis1 and Fis3. Examination of the upstream regulatory region of all of these effector-encoding genes revealed multiple putative Fis regulatory elements, and site-directed mutagenesis confirmed that a few of these sites constitute part of a repressor binding element. Furthermore, gel mobility shift assays demonstrated the direct relation between the Fis1 and Fis3 regulators and these regulatory elements. Collectively, our results demonstrate for the first time that two of the three L. pneumophila Fis regulators directly repress the expression of Icm/Dot effector-encoding genes.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a Legionella pneumophila relA insertion mutant and toles of RelA and RpoS in virulence gene expression Abstract: To investigate the involvement of RelA in the regulation of Legionella pneumophila virulence, a deletion substitution was constructed in the relA gene. The relA knockout resulted in an undetectable level of ppGpp in the cells during the stationary phase, but the original level was restored when the relA gene product was supplied on a plasmid. The effect of the relA mutation was examined with two systems that are known to be expressed during the stationary phase in L. pneumophila. Pigment production was found to be dependent on the relA gene product, and only one-half as much pigment was produced by the relA mutant as by the wild-type strain. Flagellum gene expression was also found to be dependent on the relA gene product, as determined with a flaA::lacZ fusion. However, the relA gene product was found to be dispensable for intracellular growth both in HL-60-derived human macrophages and in the protozoan host Acanthamoeba castellanii. To determine the involvement of the relA gene product in expression of L. pneumophila genes required for intracellular growth (icm/dot genes), nine icm::lacZ fusions were constructed, and expression of these fusions in the wild-type strain was compared with their expression in relA mutant strains. Expression of only one of the icm::lacZ fusions was moderately reduced in the relA mutant strain. Expression of the nine icm::lacZ fusions was also examined in a strain containing an insertion in the gene that codes for the stationary-phase sigma factor RpoS, and similar results were obtained. We concluded that RelA is dispensable for intracellular growth of L. pneumophila in the two hosts examined and that both RelA and RpoS play minor roles in L. pneumophila icm/dot gene expression.	0
Abstract2class: Deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis during microcyst germination in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) synthesis was measured during microcyst germination in Myxococcus xanthus by radioactive thymidine incorporation, autoradiography, and chemical analysis. Microcysts contained an average of 6.6 conserved units of DNA, corresponding to 3 to 4 chromosomes per cell. Correlation of the DNA content and chromosome number of microcysts indicated that the molecular weight of the nonreplicating M. xanthus chromosome is 4.9 x 10(9) daltons. DNA synthesis was initiated 3.5 to 4 hr after induction of germination. From 4 to 6 hr, the rate of synthesis was constant and the accumulation was linear. After a lag period (6 to 6.5 hr), the rate of DNA synthesis increased, reaching a second plateau at 9 hr. From 9 to 11 hr, the rate was again constant and the accumulation was linear. Cellular division during germination showed an unusual kind of synchrony. A model is presented that accounts for chromosomal replication and cell division during microcyst germination.	0
Abstract2class: Division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus. II. Kinetics of stable and unstable ribonucleic acid synthesis Abstract: The kinetics of stable and unstable ribonucleic acid (RNA) synthesis during the division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus growing in a defined medium was determined. Under these conditions, M. xanthus contains one chromosome which is replicated during 80% of the cell cycle. Stable RNA synthesis was measured by pulselabeling an exponential-phase culture with radioactive uridine and then preparing the cells for quantitative autoradiography. By measuring the size of individual cells as well as the number of grains, the rate of stable RNA synthesis as a function of cell size was determined. Unstable RNA synthesis during the division cycle was determined by correlating the data for stable RNA synthesis with the relative amounts of stable and unstable RNA labeled during the short pulse. The data reported here demonstrate that: (i) cells synthesize both stable and unstable RNA throughout the division cycle; (ii) the rate of stable RNA synthesis increases in two discrete steps, corresponding to average ages of 0.15 and 0.75 generations; (iii) the rate of unstable RNA synthesis exhibits an initial rise, followed by a relatively constant rate of synthesis, and finally, a burst of unstable RNA synthesis prior to septum formation. The half-life of unstable RNA of M. xanthus, generation time of 390 min at 30 C, was 4 min. Comparison of the rates of stable and unstable RNA synthesis indicates noncoordinate RNA synthesis within the normal division cycle.	0
Abstract2class: Division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus. 3. Kinetics of cell growth and protein synthesis Abstract: The kinetics of cell growth and protein synthesis during the division cycle of Myxococcus xanthus was determined. The distribution of cell size for both septated and nonseptated bacteria was obtained by direct measurement of the lengths of 8,000 cells. The Collins-Richmond equation was modified to consider bacterial growth in two phases: growth and division. From the derived equation, the growth rate of individual cells was computed as a function of size. Nondividing cells (growth phase) comprised 91% of the population and took up 87% of the time of the division cycle. The absolute and specific growth rates of nondividing cells were observed to increase continually throughout the growth phase; the growth rate of dividing cells could not be determined accurately by this technique because of changes in the geometry of cells between the time of septation and physical separation. The rate of protein synthesis during the division cycle was measured by pulselabeling an exponential-phase culture with radio-active valine or arginine and then preparing the cells for quantitative autoradiography. By measuring the size of individual cells as well as the number of grains, the rate of protein synthesis as a function of cell size was obtained. Nondividing cells showed an increase in both the absolute and specific rates of protein synthesis throughout the growth phase; the specific rate of protein synthesis for dividing cells was low when compared to growthphase cells. Cell growth and protein synthesis are compared to the previously reported kinetics of deoxyribonucleic acid and ribonucleic acid synthesis during the division cycle.	0
Abstract2class: "Frizzy" mutants: a new class of aggregation-defective developmental mutants of Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: During fruiting-body formation in Myxococcus xanthus, cells aggregate into raised mounds, where they sporulate. A new class of aggregation-defective developmental mutants was identified within a collection of nonfruiting mutants of M. xanthus. The mutants failed to aggregate into discrete mounds, but rather aggregated into "frizzy" filaments. Many cells within the filaments sporulated normally. Pairwise mixtures of representative frizzy mutants were unable to stimulate each other to aggregate normally. Two strains of M. xanthus were isolated which contained transposon Tn5 insertions mapping near one frizzy mutation. A search through 36 mutants exhibiting the frizzy phenotype showed that all were linked to the same Tn5 insertion sites. Three-factor cross-analysis of 22 of these mutants allowed the mapping of these mutations into many loci. The localization of Tn5 inserts adjacent to this region make possible further manipulation of these genes.	0
Abstract2class: Cell division in Escherichia coli: analysis of double mutants for filamentation and abnormal septation of deoxyribonucleic acid-less cells Abstract: The link between chromosome termination, initiation of cell division, and choice of division sites was studied in Escherichia coli by preparing double mutants. Hybrid mutants containing div52-ts, a cell division initiation mutation, and min, mutations which affect the choice of division sites resulting in the septation of minicells, were characterized. The mutants produced minicells and normal cells coordinately under all conditions studied, although the fraction of minicells is half that of the parental minicell strain. The mutant gradually stopped dividing at both the median and minicell septation sites when transferred from 30 to 41 C in rich medium. A synchronous cell division of filaments was induced 15 min after addition of chloramphenicol to the medium, even at 41 C. Divisions were observed at both normal and minicell sites. These results indicate that div52-ts and min functions share a common step in a cell division pathway. A double mutant containing div52-ts and div27-ts, a dnaB mutant which divides in the absence of DNA synthesis, was characterized. The mutant continues to divide after a shift to the high temperature, although at a reduced rate. The behavior of this hybrid mutant suggests a hypothesis that the chromosome termination signal and div52-ts division initiation signal act on a single membrane site which is altered in div27-ts strains.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleoid condensation and cell division in Escherichia coli MX74T2 ts52 after inhibition of protein synthesis Abstract: The reorganization of the bacterial nucleoid of an Escherichia coli mutant, MX74T2 ts52, was studied by electron microscopy after protein synthesis inhibition by using whole mounts of cell ghosts, ultrathin-sectioning, and freeze-etching. The bacterial nucleoid showed two morphological changes after chloramphenicol addition: deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) localization and DNA condensation. DNA localization was observed 10 min after chloramphenicol addition; the DNA appeared as a compact, solid mass. DNA condensation was observed at 25 min; the nucleoid appeared as a cytoplasm-filled sphere, often opened at one end. Ribosomes were observed in the center. Giant nucleoids present in some mutant filaments showed fused, spherical nucleoids arranged linearly, suggesting that the tertiary structure of the nucleoid reflects the number of replicated genomes. Inhibitors which directly or indirectly blocked protein synthesis and caused DNA condensation were chloramphenicol, puromycin, amino acid starvation, rifampicin, or carbonyl cyanide m-chlorophenyl hydrazone. All inhibitors that caused cell division in the mutant also caused condensation, although some inhibitors caused condensation without cell division. Nucleoid condensation appears to be related to chromosome structure rather than to DNA segregation upon cell division.	0
Abstract2class: Chromosome replication in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: The rates of DNA synthesis during the cell-division cycle were measured in Myxococcus xanthus growing in three different media permitting a twofold variation in doubling time. In all three media, simple DNA cycles were observed. Synthesis of DNA occurred during 85% of the cell-division cycle, independent of generation time, from 5 to 11 h. Cells were observed to contain one bacterial nucleoid at birth that later divided synchronously midway through the cell cycle. Nucleoid segregation appeared to begin before chromosome replication was completed. The DNA content of exponential-phase bacteria was determined to be about 20 +/- 3 X 10(-9) microgram per cell; newborn bacteria contained about 14 +/- 2 X 10(-9) microgram of DNA per cell. Exponential-phase bacteria showed about a 50% increase in DNA in the presence of chloramphenicol (50 microgram/ml). The number of randomly segregating chromosomes present in exponential-phase bacteria was determined by following the fate of prelabeled DNA during outgrowth in nonradioactive media. The results are consistent with a model in which cells are born with exactly one complete unreplicated chromosome. The molecular weight of such a chromosome is about 8.4 +/- 1.2 X 10(9).	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a DNA element in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe nmt1 (thi3) promoter involved in thiamine-regulated gene expression Abstract: To define DNA elements involved in thiamine-regulated transcription of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe gene nmt1 (thi3), we analyzed several nmt1 promoter constructs. We detected a DNA element which is required for promoter activation in the absence of thiamine. It is located 54 to 62 bp upstream of the TATA box and matches the consensus sequence of the binding site for the mammalian transcription factor C/EBP (CAAT/enhancer binding protein). We show that the element specifically binds proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning, nucleotide sequence, and regulation of Schizosaccharomyces pombe thi4, a thiamine biosynthetic gene Abstract: thi4 mutants of Schizosaccharomyces pombe exhibit defective thiamine biosynthesis, and thi4 mutations define a gene which is believed to be involved in the phosphorylation of 4-amino-5-hydroxymethyl-2-methylpyrimidine or 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole and/or in the coupling of the two phosphorylated precursors to thiamine monophosphate (A. M. Schweingruber, J. Dlugonski, E. Edenharter, and M. E. Schweingruber, Curr. Genet. 19:249-254, 1991). The thi4 gene was cloned by functional complementation of a thi4 mutant and physically mapped on the left arm of chromosome I close to the genetic marker gln1. The thi4-carrying DNA fragment shows an open reading frame encoding a protein of 518 amino acids and a calculated molecular mass of 55.6 kDa. The appearance of thi4 mRNA is strongly repressed by thiamine and to a lesser extent by 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole. thi4 mRNA production is under the control of the thi1 gene-encoded transcription factor and of the negative regulators encoded by genes tnr1, tnr2, and tnr3. thi4 is expressed and regulated in manners similar to those of other S. pombe genes involved in thiamine metabolism, including thi2, thi3, and pho4.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular mechanism for loss of nodulation properties of Rhizobium trifolii Abstract: Of 18 Rhizobium trifolii strains tested, 12 showed a high frequency of loss of nodulation ability after incubation in cultures at elevated temperatures. A correlation between loss of nodulation ability and loss of a large plasmid was demonstrated for R. trifolii. In some nonnodulating (Nod-) mutants, deletions occurred instead of total elimination of the plasmid molecule. The maximum curing effect was observed in bacteria incubated at 35 degrees C. After 4 or more days of incubation at this temperature, the viability of bacteria decreased markedly, and the number of nonnodulating mutants increased significantly. At the elevated temperature DNA synthesis was stopped completely after 2 h, whereas protein synthesis proceeded for a few days. Microscopic observations showed that during the first 3 days of incubation at the elevated temperature, the bacterial cells increased markedly in size. These large irregular cells then divided and produced Nod- clones. Nonnodulating clones did not result from the selection of temperature-resistant mutants. The presence of P-group plasmids in Rhizobium strains strongly inhibited the loss of nodulation ability during incubation at 35 degrees C. The observed phenomenon did not result from integrative suppression. It is possible that a product(s) of the genes of R-plasmids acts as a stabilizing agent on the replication process of the indigenous Rhizobium plasmids.	0
Abstract2class: Plasmid deoxyribonucleic acid in Rhizobium trifolii Abstract: In deoxyribonucleic acid of Rhizobium trifolii centrifuged in cesium chloride-ethidium bromide equilibrium was found a sattelite peak containing covalently closed circular deoxyribonucleic acid. The plasmid had a molecular weight of about 64 x 10(6) shown by sedimentation in sucrose gradients and electron microscopy.	0
Abstract2class: Genome sequences of four divergent multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii strains isolated from patients with sepsis or osteomyelitis Abstract: Acinetobacter baumannii is a Gram-negative bacterium that causes nosocomial infections worldwide, with recent prevalence and higher frequency in wounded military personnel. Four A. baumannii strains from the Walter Reed Army Medical Center (WRAMC) isolated between 2008 and 2009 were sequenced, representing diverse, multidrug-resistant isolates from osteomyelitis or septic patients.	0
Abstract2class: VirB1* promotes T-pilus formation in the vir-Type IV secretion system of Agrobacterium tumefaciens Abstract: The vir-type IV secretion system of Agrobacterium is assembled from 12 proteins encoded by the virB operon and virD4. VirB1 is one of the least-studied proteins encoded by the virB operon. Its N terminus is a lytic transglycosylase. The C-terminal third of the protein, VirB1*, is cleaved from VirB1 and secreted to the outside of the bacterial cell, suggesting an additional function. We show that both nopaline and octopine strains produce abundant amounts of VirB1* and perform detailed studies on nopaline VirB1*. Both domains are required for wild-type virulence. We show here that the nopaline type VirB1* is essential for the formation of the T pilus, a subassembly of the vir-T4SS composed of processed and cyclized VirB2 (major subunit) and VirB5 (minor subunit). A nopaline virB1 deletion strain does not produce T pili. Complementation with full-length VirB1 or C-terminal VirB1*, but not the N-terminal lytic transglycosylase domain, restores T pili containing VirB2 and VirB5. T-pilus preparations also contain extracellular VirB1*. Protein-protein interactions between VirB1* and VirB2 and VirB5 were detected in the yeast two-hybrid assay. We propose that VirB1 is a bifunctional protein required for virT4SS assembly. The N-terminal lytic transglycosylase domain provides localized lysis of the peptidoglycan cell wall to allow insertion of the T4SS. The C-terminal VirB1* promotes T-pilus assembly through protein-protein interactions with T-pilus subunits.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a second tetracycline-inducible polypeptide encoded by Tn10 Abstract: Three Tn10 polypeptides were detected by analyzing the proteins synthesized in ultraviolet light-irradiated Escherichia coli cells after infection with lambda::Tn10. One of these polypeptides was the previously identified 36,000-dalton TET polypeptide. The other two had approximate sizes of 25,000 and 13,000 daltons. The syntheses of both the TET polypeptide and the 25,000-dalton polypeptide were inducible by tetracycline in lambda-immune hosts. Similarly, the synthesis of the TET polypeptide was inducible in nonimmune hosts. However, the synthesis of the 25,000-dalton polypeptide was constitutive in nonimmune hosts. An amber mutation in a gene required for tetracycline resistance on lambda::Tn10 was isolated that eliminated the synthesis of the TET polypeptide in sup+ hosts but not the synthesis of the 25,000-dalton or the 13,000-dalton polypeptides. The expression of tetracycline resistance from wild-type Tn10 was found to be anomalous in E. coli strains carrying the amber suppressors supD, supE, and supF. In general, strains containing these nonsense suppressors were less resistant to tetracycline.	0
Abstract2class: Structural and functional analysis of the gene cluster encoding the enzymes of the arginine deiminase pathway of Lactobacillus sake Abstract: Lactobacillus sake can use arginine via the arginine deiminase (ADI) pathway. We designed degenerate primers based on an alignment of known sequences of ornithine transcarbamoylase (OTC)-encoding genes in order to amplify the L. sake counterpart sequences by PCR. Screening a genomic library of L. sake in lambdaEMBL3 allowed us to isolate a clone containing a 10-kb L. sake genomic DNA insert. Sequence analysis revealed that the genes involved in arginine catabolism were clustered and encoded ADI (arcA), OTC (arcB), carbamate kinase (arcC), and a putative carrier with high similarity to the arginine/ornithine antiporter of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (arcD). Additionally, a putative transaminase-encoding gene (arcT) was located in this region. The genes followed the order arcA arcB arcC arcT arcD, which differs from that found in other microorganisms. arcA, arcB, arcC, and arcD mutants were constructed, and the ADI pathway was impaired in all of them. Transcriptional studies indicated that arcA gene is subject to catabolite repression, and under the conditions used, several transcripts could be detected, suggesting the existence of different initiation sites or processing of a larger mRNA.	0
Abstract2class: Plasmid- and chromosome-mediated dissimilation of naphthalene and salicylate in Pseudomonas putida PMD-1 Abstract: Pseudomonas putida PMD-1 dissimilates naphthalene (Nah), salicylate (Sal), and benzoate (Ben) via catechol which is metabolized through the meta (or alpha-keto acid) pathway. The ability to utilize salicylate but not naphthalene was transferred from P. putida PMD-1 to several Pseudomonas species. Agarose gel electrophoresis of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) from PMD-1 and Sal+ exconjugants indicated that a plasmid (pMWD-1) of 110 megadaltons is correlated with the Sal+ phenotype; restriction enzyme analysis of DNA from Sal+ exconjugants indicated that plasmid pMWD-1 was transmitted intact. Enzyme analysis of Sal+ exconjugants demonstrated that the enzymes required to oxidize naphthalene to salicylate are absent, but salicylate hydroxylase and enzymes of the meta pathway are present. Thus, naphthalene conversion to salicylate requires chromosomal genes, whereas salicylate degradation is plasmid encoded. Comparison of restriction digests of plasmid pMWD-1 indicated that it differs considerably from the naphthalene and salicylate degradative plasmids previously described in P. putida.	0
Abstract2class: Brucella abortus depends on pyruvate phosphate dikinase and malic enzyme but not on Fbp and GlpX fructose-1,6-bisphosphatases for full virulence in laboratory models Abstract: The brucellae are the etiological agents of brucellosis, a worldwide-distributed zoonosis. These bacteria are facultative intracellular parasites and thus are able to adjust their metabolism to the extra- and intracellular environments encountered during an infectious cycle. However, this aspect of Brucella biology is imperfectly understood, and the nutrients available in the intracellular niche are unknown. Here, we investigated the central pathways of C metabolism used by Brucella abortus by deleting the putative fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase (fbp and glpX), phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (pckA), pyruvate phosphate dikinase (ppdK), and malic enzyme (mae) genes. In gluconeogenic but not in rich media, growth of ΔppdK and Δmae mutants was severely impaired and growth of the double Δfbp-ΔglpX mutant was reduced. In macrophages, only the ΔppdK and Δmae mutants showed reduced multiplication, and studies with the ΔppdK mutant confirmed that it reached the replicative niche. Similarly, only the ΔppdK and Δmae mutants were attenuated in mice, the former being cleared by week 10 and the latter persisting longer than 12 weeks. We also investigated the glyoxylate cycle. Although aceA (isocitrate lyase) promoter activity was enhanced in rich medium, aceA disruption had no effect in vitro or on multiplication in macrophages or mouse spleens. The results suggest that B. abortus grows intracellularly using a limited supply of 6-C (and 5-C) sugars that is compensated by glutamate and possibly other amino acids entering the Krebs cycle without a critical role of the glyoxylate shunt.	0
Abstract2class: The recombination genes addAB are not restricted to gram-positive bacteria: genetic analysis of the recombination initiation enzymes RecF and AddAB in Rhizobium etli Abstract: Single-strand gaps (SSGs) and double-strand breaks (DSBs) are the major initiation sites for recombination. In bacteria, the SSGs are repaired by RecFOR, while the DSBs are processed by RecBCD in gram-negative bacteria and AddAB in gram-positive bacteria. Unexpectedly, instead of recBCD genes, the addAB genes were found in members of the alpha-proteobacteria group (gram negative). Taking Rhizobium etli as a model, the role of recF and addAB genes in homologous recombination and repair of damaged DNA was evaluated. Inactivation of either recF or addA provoked strong sensitivity to UV radiation and mitomycin C, while an additive effect was observed in the recF-addA mutant. The DSBs generated by nalidixic acid caused low viability only in the addA mutant. The recombination frequency of large and small plasmids was reduced in the recF mutant (24- and 36-fold, respectively), whereas a slight decrease (threefold) in the addA mutant was observed. Moreover, an additive effect (47- and 90-fold, respectively) was observed in the double mutant, but it was not as dramatic as that in a recA mutant. Interestingly, the frequency of deletion and Campbell-type recombination was slightly affected in either single or double mutants. These results suggest that another pathway exists that allows plasmid and Campbell-type recombination in the absence of recF and addA genes.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of transposon Tn5-induced mutants of Pseudomonas perfectomarina defective in nitrous oxide respiration Abstract: Transposon (Tn5) mutagenesis of Pseudomonas perfectomarina with the plasmid pSUP2021 [(pBR325-Mob(RP4))::Tn5] and the chromosomally integrated RP4 plasmid in Escherichia coli as the donor, produced three distinct groups of mutants that were defective in nitrous oxide respiration. One group of mutants lacked the structural protein of N2O reductase, the second synthesized a copper-free apoprotein; and a third group expressed a low level of intact enzyme. The mutants provided evidence for N2O being the immediate precursor of dinitrogen in denitrification and documented the essentiality of the copper enzyme. Synthesis of N2O reductase depended strongly on the growth conditions, with N2O-grown cells expressing the lowest level of enzyme. Regulatory responses of mutants elicited by nitrate or oxygen were unaltered when compared with wild-type behavior.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of the role of the type III effector inventory of Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola 1448a in interaction with the plant Abstract: In Pseudomonas syringae, the type III secretion system (T3SS) is essential for disease in compatible hosts and for eliciting the hypersensitive response in incompatible hosts. P. syringae pathovars secrete a variable number of type III effectors that form their secretomes. The secretome of Pseudomonas syringae pv. phaseolicola 1448a (Pph1448a) currently includes 22 experimentally validated effectors, one HrpL-regulated candidate for which translocation results have been inconsistent, two translocated candidates for which in planta expression has not been established, one bioinformatically identified candidate, and six candidates that have been experimentally discarded. We analyzed the translocation and/or expression of these and other candidates to complete the Pph1448a effector inventory, bringing this inventory to 27 bona fide effectors, including a new one that does not belong to any of the previously described effector families. We developed a simple process for rapidly making single and double knockout mutants and apply it to the generation of an effector mutant collection that includes single knockouts for the majority of the Pph1448a effector inventory. We also generated two double mutant strains containing effectors with potentially redundant functions and analyzed the virulence of the single and double mutant strains as well as strains expressing each of the effectors from a plasmid. We demonstrate that AvrB4-1 and AvrB4-2, as well as HopW1-1 and HopW1-2, are fully redundant and contribute to virulence in bean plants, thus validating this approach for dissecting the contribution of the Pph1448a type III effector inventory to virulence. We also analyzed the effect that the expression of these four effectors from Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 (PtoDC3000) has during its interaction with Arabidopsis thaliana, establishing that AvrB4-1, but not the others, determines a restriction of bacterial growth that takes place mostly independently of the salicylic acid (SA)-signaling pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Structural organization, nucleotide sequence, and regulation of the Haemophilus influenzae rec-1+ gene Abstract: The Haemophilus influenzae rec-1+ protein plays a central role in DNA metabolism, participating in general homologous recombination, recombinational (postreplication) DNA repair, and prophage induction. Although many H. influenzae rec-1 mutants have been phenotypically characterized, little is known about the rec-1+ gene at the molecular level. In this study, we present the genetic organization of the rec-1+ locus, the DNA sequence of rec-1+, and studies of the transcriptional regulation of rec-1+ during cellular assault by DNA-damaging agents and during the induction of competence for genetic transformation. Although little is known about promoter structure in H. influenzae, we identified a potential rec-1+ promoter that is identical in 11 of 12 positions to the bacterial sigma 70-dependent promoter consensus sequence. Results from a primer extension analysis revealed that the start site of rec-1+ transcription is centered 6 nucleotides downstream of this promoter. We identified potential DNA binding sites in the rec-1+ gene for LexA, integration host factor, and cyclic AMP receptor protein. We obtained evidence that at least one of the proposed cyclic AMP receptor protein binding sites is active in modulating rec-1+ transcription. This finding makes rec-1+ control circuitry novel among recA+ homologs. Two H. influenzae DNA uptake sequences that may function as a transcription termination signal were identified in inverted orientations at the end of the rec-1+ coding sequence. In addition, we report the first use of the Escherichia coli lacZ operon fusion technique in H. influenzae to study the transcriptional control of rec-1+. Our results indicate that rec-1+ is transcriptionally induced about threefold during DNA-damaging events. Furthermore, we show that rec-1+ can substitute for recA+ in E. coli to modulate SOS induction of dinB1 expression. Surprisingly, although 5% of the H. influenzae genome is in the form of single-stranded DNA during competence for genetic transformation, an event that could be a potent SOS-inducing signal, we failed to detect significant changes in rec-1+ transcription during the induction of genetic competence.	0
Abstract2class: Purification and characterization of S-adenosylhomocysteine deaminase from streptonigrin-producing Streptomyces flocculus Abstract: An S-adenosylhomocysteine deaminase has been isolated and purified from streptonigrin-producing Streptomyces flocculus ATCC 13257. Deamination represents the major metabolic route of S-adenosylhomocysteine in this organism. The protein was found to be monomeric with a molecular weight of 56,100 +/- 1,600. The activity was optimal at pH 7.0 and 37 degrees C, and the deaminase was inactivated by p-chloromercuribenzoate but not by metal chelators. The Km for S-adenosylhomocysteine is 2.5 mM, and the Ki for inhibition by deoxycoformycin is 1.6 nM.	0
Abstract2class: The KtrA and KtrE subunits are required for Na+-dependent K+ uptake by KtrB across the plasma membrane in Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803 Abstract: The Na+-dependent K+ uptake KtrABE system is essential for the adaptation of Synechocystis to salinity stress and high osmolality. While KtrB forms the K+-translocating pore, the role of the subunits KtrA and KtrE for Ktr function remains elusive. Here, we characterized the role of KtrA and KtrE in Ktr-mediated K+ uptake and in modulating Na+ dependency. Expression of KtrB alone in a K+ uptake-deficient Escherichia coli strain conferred low K+ uptake activity that was not stimulated by Na+. Coexpression of both KtrA and KtrE with KtrB increased the K+ transport activity in a Na+-dependent manner. KtrA and KtrE were found to be localized to the plasma membrane in Synechocystis. Site-directed mutagenesis was used to analyze the role of single charged residues in KtrB for Ktr function. Replacing negatively charged residues facing the extracellular space with residues of the opposite charge increased the apparent Km for K+ in all cases. However, none of the mutations eliminated the Na+ dependency of Ktr-mediated K+ transport. Mutations of residues on the cytoplasmic side had larger effects on K+ uptake activity than those of residues on the extracellular side. Further analysis revealed that replacement of R262, which is well conserved among Ktr/Trk/HKT transporters in the third extracellular loop, by Glu abolished transport activity. The atomic-scale homology model indicated that R262 might interact with E247 and D261. Based on these data, interaction of KtrA and KtrE with KtrB increased the K+ uptake rate and conferred Na+ dependency.	0
Abstract2class: Mutation of His-157 in the second pore loop drastically reduces the activity of the Synechocystis Ktr-type transporter Abstract: Mutation of a conserved His-157 in the second pore loop of KtrB drastically reduced the activity of the K+ transporter from Synechocystis sp. strain PCC 6803. This result suggests that His-157 plays an essential role in the K+ transport activity of the transporter system.	0
Abstract2class: Physical and genetic map of the Serpulina hyodysenteriae B78T chromosome Abstract: A combined physical and genetic map of the Serpulina hyodysenteriae B78T genome was constructed by using pulsed-field gel electrophoresis and DNA blot hybridizations. The S. hyodysenteriae genome is a single circular chromosome about 3.2 Mb in size. The physical map of the chromosome was constructed with the restriction enzymes BssHII, EclXI, NotI, SalI, and SmaI. The physical map was used to constructed a linkage map for genes encoding rRNA, flagellum subunit proteins, DNA gyrase, NADH oxidase, and three distinct hemolysins. Several flaB2-related loci, encoding core flagellum subunit proteins, were detected and are dispersed around the chromosome. The rRNA gene organization in S. hyodysenteriae is unusual. S. hyodysenteriae has one gene each for 5S (rrf), 16S (rrs), and 23S (rrl) rRNAs. The rrf and rrl genes are closely linked (within 5 kb), while the rrs gene is about 860 kb from the other two rRNA genes. Using a probe for the S. hyodysenteriae gyrA gene, we identified a possible location for the chromosomal replication origin. The size and genetic organization of the S. hyodysenteriae chromosome are different from those of previously characterized spirochetes.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of genetic maps for two Leptospira interrogans serovars provides evidence for two chromosomes and intraspecies heterogeneity Abstract: Genetic maps were constructed for Leptospira interrogans serovars icterohaemorrhagiae and pomona. Previously we independently constructed physical maps of the genomes for these two serovars. The genomes of both serovars consist of a large replicon (4.4 to 4.6 Mb) and a small replicon (350 kb). Genes were localized on the physical maps by using Southern blot analysis with specific probes. Among the probes used were genes encoding a variety of essential enzymes and genes usually found near bacterial chromosomal replication origins. Most of the essential genes are on the larger replicon of each serovar. However, the smaller replicons of both serovars contain the asd gene. The asd gene encodes aspartate beta-semialdehyde dehydrogenase, an enzyme essential in amino acid and cell wall biosyntheses. The finding that both L. interrogans replicons contain essential genes suggests that both replicons are chromosomes. Comparison of the genetic maps of the larger replicons of the two serovars showed evidence of large rearrangements. These data show that there is considerable intraspecies heterogeneity in L. interrogans.	0
Abstract2class: A chemical and genetic approach to the mode of action of fumagillin Abstract: Previous mode of action studies identified methionine aminopeptidase 2 (MetAP-2) as the target of the antiangiogenic natural product fumagillin and its drug candidate analog, TNP-470. We report here that TNP-470-mediated MetAP-2 inhibition blocks noncanonical Wnt signaling, which plays a critical role in development, cell differentiation, and tumorigenesis. Consistent with this finding, antisense MetAP-2 morpholino oligonucleotide injection in zebrafish embryos phenocopies gastrulation defects seen in noncanonical Wnt5 loss-of-function zebrafish mutants. MetAP-2 inhibition or depletion blocks signaling downstream of the Wnt receptor Frizzled, but upstream of Calmodulin-dependent Kinase II, RhoA, and c-Jun N-terminal Kinase. Moreover, we demonstrate that TNP-470 does not block the canonical Wnt/beta-catenin pathway. Thus, TNP-470 selectively regulates noncanonical over canonical Wnt signaling and provides a unique means to explore and dissect the biological systems mediated by these pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Heterologous expression, purification, reconstitution and kinetic analysis of an extended type II polyketide synthase Abstract: Background:                       Polyketide synthases (PKSs) are bacterial multienzyme systems that synthesize a broad range of natural products. The 'minimal' PKS consists of a ketosynthase, a chain length factor, an acyl carrier protein and a malonyl transferase. Auxiliary components (ketoreductases, aromatases and cyclases are involved in controlling the oxidation level and cyclization of the nascent polyketide chain. We describe the heterologous expression and reconstitution of several auxiliary PKS components including the actinorhodin ketoreductase (act KR), the griseusin aromatase/cyclase (gris ARO/CYC), and the tetracenomycin aromatase/cyclase (tcm ARO/CYC).                  Results:                       The polyketide products of reconstituted act and tcm PKSs were identical to those identified in previous in vivo studies. Although stable protein-protein interactions were not detected between minimal and auxiliary PKS components, kinetic analysis revealed that the extended PKS comprised of the act minimal PKS, the act KR and the gris ARO/CYC had a higher turnover number than the act minimal PKS plus the act KR or the act minimal PKS alone. Adding the tcm ARO/CYC to the tcm minimal PKS also increased the overall rate.                  Conclusions:                       Until recently the principal strategy for functional analysis of PKS subunits was through heterologous expression of recombinant PKSs in Streptomyces. Our results corroborate the implicit assumption that the product isolated from whole-cell systems is the dominant product of the PKS. They also suggest that an intermediate is channeled between the various subunits, and pave the way for more detailed structural and mechanistic analysis of these multienzyme systems.	0
Abstract2class: Single-cell FRET imaging of transferrin receptor trafficking dynamics by Sfp-catalyzed, site-specific protein labeling Abstract: Fluorescence imaging of living cells depends on an efficient and specific method for labeling the target cellular protein with fluorophores. Here we show that Sfp phosphopantetheinyl transferase-catalyzed protein labeling is suitable for fluorescence imaging of membrane proteins that spend at least part of their membrane trafficking cycle at the cell surface. In this study, transferrin receptor 1 (TfR1) was fused to peptide carrier protein (PCP), and the TfR1-PCP fusion protein was specifically labeled with fluorophore Alexa 488 by Sfp. The trafficking of transferrin-TfR1-PCP complex during the process of transferrin-mediated iron uptake was imaged by fluorescence resonance energy transfer between the fluorescently labeled transferrin ligand and TfR1 receptor. We thus demonstrated that Sfp-catalyzed small molecule labeling of the PCP tag represents a practical and efficient tool for molecular imaging studies in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: RNA architecture dictates the conformations of a bound peptide Abstract: Background:                       The biological function of several viral and bacteriophage proteins, and their arginine-rich subdomains, involves RNA-mediated interactions. It has been shown recently that bound peptides adopt either beta-hairpin or alpha-helical conformations in viral and phage peptide-RNA complexes. We have compared the structures of the arginine-rich peptide domain of HIV-1 Rev bound to two RNA aptamers to determine whether RNA architecture can dictate the conformations of a bound peptide.                  Results:                       The core-binding segment of the HIV-1 Rev peptide class II RNA aptamer complex spans the two-base bulge and hairpin loop of the bound RNA and the carboxy-terminal segment of the bound peptide. The bound peptide is anchored in place by backbone and sidechain intermolecular hydrogen bonding and van der Waals stacking interactions. One of the bulge bases participates in U*(A*U) base triple formation, whereas the other is looped out and flaps over the bound peptide in the complex. The seven-residue hairpin loop is closed by a sheared G*A mismatch pair with several pyrimidines looped out of the hairpin fold.                  Conclusions:                       Our structural studies establish that RNA architecture dictates whether the same HIV-1 Rev peptide folds into an extended or alpha-helical conformation on complex formation. Arginine-rich peptides can therefore adapt distinct secondary folds to complement the tertiary folds of their RNA targets. This contrasts with protein-RNA complexes in which elements of RNA secondary structure adapt to fit within the tertiary folds of their protein targets.	0
Abstract2class: Stable benzotriazole esters as mechanism-based inactivators of the severe acute respiratory syndrome 3CL protease Abstract: Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) is caused by a newly emerged coronavirus that infected more than 8000 individuals and resulted in more than 800 fatalities in 2003. Currently, there is no effective treatment for this epidemic. SARS-3CL(pro) has been shown to be essential for replication and is thus a target for drug discovery. Here, a class of stable benzotriazole esters was reported as mechanism-based inactivators of 3CL(pro), and the most potent inactivator exhibited a k(inact) of 0.0011 s(-1) and a K(i) of 7.5 nM. Mechanistic investigation with kinetic and mass spectrometry analyses indicates that the active site Cys145 is acylated, and that no irreversible inactivation was observed with the use of the C145A mutant. In addition, a noncovalent, competitive inhibition became apparent by using benzotriazole ester surrogates in which the bridged ester-oxygen group is replaced with carbon.	0
Abstract2class: Small-molecule screening identifies the selanazal drug ebselen as a potent inhibitor of DMT1-mediated iron uptake Abstract: HEK293T cells overexpressing divalent metal transporter-1 (DMT1) were established to screen for small-molecule inhibitors of iron uptake. Using a fluorescence-based assay, we tested 2000 known bioactive compounds to find 3 small molecules that potently block ferrous iron uptake. One of the inhibitors, ebselen, is a seleno compound used in clinical trials as a protective agent against ischemic stroke. Ebselen inhibited Fe(II) uptake (IC(50) of approximately 0.22 microM), but did not influence Fe(III) transport or DMT1-mediated manganese uptake. An unrelated antioxidant, pyrrolidine dithiobarbamate (PDTC), also inhibited DMT1 activity (IC(50) of approximately 1.54 microM). Both ebselen and PDTC increased cellular levels of reduced glutathione. These observations indicate that Fe(II) transport by DMT1 can be modulated by cellular redox status and suggest that ebselen may act therapeutically to limit iron-catalyzed damage due to transport inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: A fluorogenic histone deacetylase assay well suited for high-throughput activity screening Abstract: Histone deacetylases (HDACs) are important enzymes for the transcriptional regulation of gene expression in eukaryotic cells. Recent findings suggest that HDACs could be key targets for chemotherapeutic intervention in malignant diseases. A convenient and sensitive fluorogenic assay for HDAC activity would therefore expedite studies of HDAC in transcriptional regulation and in vitro screening for drug discovery. In this study, novel fluorogenic substrates of HDACs were synthesized with an epsilon-acetylated lysyl moiety and an adjacent MCA moiety at the C terminus of the peptide chain. Upon deacetylation of the acetylated lysyl moiety, molecules became substrates for trypsin, which released highly fluorescent AMC molecules in a subsequent step of the assay. The fluorescence increased in direct proportion to the amount of deacetylated substrate molecules, i.e., HDAC activity. The nonisotopic, homogeneous assay is well suited for high-throughput HDAC inhibitor screening.	0
Abstract2class: Binding of high-mannose-type oligosaccharides and synthetic oligomannose clusters to human antibody 2G12: implications for HIV-1 vaccine design Abstract: Human antibody 2G12 broadly neutralizes human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) isolates and shows protective activity against viral challenge in animal models. Previous mutational analysis suggested that 2G12 recognized a novel cluster of high-mannose type oligosaccharides on HIV-1 gp120. To explore the carbohydrate antigen for HIV-1 vaccine design, we have studied the binding of 2G12 to an array of HIV-1 high-mannose type oligosaccharides by competitive ELISAs and found that Man9GlcNAc is 210- and 74-fold more effective than Man5GlcNAc and Man6GlcNAc in binding to 2G12. The results establish that the larger high-mannose oligosaccharide on HIV-1 is the favorable subunit for 2G12 recognition. To mimic the putative epitope of 2G12, we have created scaffold-based multivalent Man9 clusters and found that the galactose-scaffolded bi-, tri-, and tetra-valent Man9 clusters are 7-, 22-, and 73-fold more effective in binding to 2G12 than the monomeric Man9GlcNAc2Asn. The experimental data shed light on further structural optimization of epitope mimics for developing a carbohydrate-based HIV-1 vaccine.	0
Abstract2class: Pin1 and Par14 peptidyl prolyl isomerase inhibitors block cell proliferation Abstract: Disruption of the parvulin family peptidyl prolyl isomerase (PPIase) Pin1 gene delays reentry into the cell cycle when quiescent primary mouse embryo fibroblasts are stimulated with serum. Since Pin1 regulates cell cycle progression, a Pin1 inhibitor would be expected to block cell proliferation. To identify such inhibitors, we screened a chemical compound library for molecules that inhibited human Pin1 PPIase activity in vitro. We found a set of compounds that inhibited Pin1 PPIase activity in vitro with low microM IC50s and inhibited the growth of several cancer lines. Among the inhibitors, PiB, diethyl-1,3,6,8-tetrahydro-1,3,6,8-tetraoxobenzo[lmn] phenanthroline-2,7-diacetate ethyl 1,3,6,8-tetrahydro-1,3,6,8-tetraoxo-benzo[lmn] phenanthroline-(2H,7H)-diacetate, had the least nonspecific toxicity. These results suggest that Pin1 inhibitors could be used as a novel type of anticancer drug that acts by blocking cell cycle progression.	0
Abstract2class: Controlling the DNA binding specificity of bHLH proteins through intramolecular interactions Abstract: Reversible control of the conformation of proteins was employed to probe the relationship between flexibility and specificity of the basic helix-loop-helix protein MyoD. A fusion protein (apaMyoD) was designed where the basic DNA binding helix of MyoD was stablized by an amino-terminal extension with a sequence derived from the bee venom peptide apamin. The disulfide-stabilized helix from apamin served as a nucleus for a helix that extended for a further ten residues, thereby holding apaMyoD's DNA recognition helix in a predominantly alpha-helical conformation. The thermal stability of the DNA complexes of apaMyoD was increased by 13 degrees C relative to MyoD-bHLH. Measurements of the fluorescence anisotropy change on DNA binding indicated that apaMyoD bound to E-box-containing DNA sequences with enhanced affinity relative to MyoD-bHLH. Consequently, the DNA binding specificity of apaMyoD was increased 10-fold.	0
Abstract2class: Mitochondrial-targeted fatty acid analog induces apoptosis with selective loss of mitochondrial glutathione in promyelocytic leukemia cells Abstract: Some fatty acids and derivatives are known to induce cell death in cancer cells. Mitochondria may have important roles in the death process. Therefore, we investigated the mitochondrial contribution in cell death induced by a modified fatty acid, tetradecylthioacetic acid (TTA), which cannot be beta-oxidized. TTA treatment induced apoptosis in IPC-81 leukemia cells via depolarization of the mitochondrial membrane potential (deltapsi) and early release of cytochrome c, accompanied by depletion of mitochondrial glutathione. Caspase-3 activation and cleavage of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) occurred at a late stage, but the broad-spectra caspase inhibitor zVAD-fmk did not block TTA-induced apoptosis. Overexpression of Bcl-2 partially prevented TTA-induced apoptosis, whereas cAMP-induced cell death was completely blocked. In conclusion, TTA seems to trigger apoptosis through mitochondrial-mediated mechanisms and selective modulation of the mitochondrial redox equilibrium.	0
Abstract2class: Encapsulating streptomycin within a small 40-mer RNA Abstract: We describe a 2.9 A X-ray structure of a complex between the aminocyclitol antibiotic streptomycin and an in vitro selected RNA aptamer, solved using the anomalous diffraction properties of Ba cations. The RNA aptamer, which contains two asymmetric internal loops, adopts a distinct cation-stabilized fold involving a series of S-shaped backbone turns anchored by canonical and noncanonical pairs and triples. The streptomycin streptose ring is encapsulated by stacked arrays of bases from both loops at the elbow of the L-shaped RNA architecture. Specificity is defined by direct hydrogen bonds between all streptose functional groups and base edges that line the inner walls of the cylindrical binding pocket. By contrast, the majority of intermolecular interactions involve contacts to backbone phosphates in the published structure of streptomycin bound to the 16S rRNA.	0
Abstract2class: Cationic fullerenes are effective and selective antimicrobial photosensitizers Abstract: Fullerenes are soccer ball-shaped molecules composed of carbon atoms, and, when derivatized with functional groups, they become soluble and can act as photosensitizers. Antimicrobial photodynamic therapy combines a nontoxic photosensitizer with harmless visible light to generate reactive oxygen species that kill microbial cells. We have compared the antimicrobial activity of six functionalized C(60) compounds with one, two, or three hydrophilic or cationic groups in combination with white light against gram-positive bacteria, gram-negative bacteria, and fungi. After a 10 min incubation, the bis- and tris-cationic fullerenes were highly active in killing all tested microbes (4-6 logs) under conditions in which mammalian cells were comparatively unharmed. These compounds performed significantly better than a widely used antimicrobial photosensitizer, toluidine blue O. The high selectivity and efficacy exhibited by these photosensitizers encourage further testing for antimicrobial applications.	0
Abstract2class: The adamantane-derived bananins are potent inhibitors of the helicase activities and replication of SARS coronavirus Abstract: Bananins are a class of antiviral compounds with a unique structural signature incorporating a trioxa-adamantane moiety covalently bound to a pyridoxal derivative. Six members of this class of compounds: bananin, iodobananin, vanillinbananin, ansabananin, eubananin, and adeninobananin were synthesized and tested as inhibitors of the SARS Coronavirus (SCV) helicase. Bananin, iodobananin, vanillinbananin, and eubananin were effective inhibitors of the ATPase activity of the SCV helicase with IC50 values in the range 0.5-3 microM. A similar trend, though at slightly higher inhibitor concentrations, was observed for inhibition of the helicase activities, using a FRET-based fluorescent assay. In a cell culture system of SCV, bananin exhibited an EC50 of less than 10 microM and a CC50 of over 300 microM. Kinetics of inhibition are consistent with bananin inhibiting an intracellular process or processes involved in SCV replication.	0
Abstract2class: Selective chemical treatment of cellular microdomains using multiple laminar streams Abstract: There are many experiments in which it would be useful to treat a part of the surface or interior of a cell with a biochemical reagent. It is difficult, however, to achieve subcellular specificity, because small molecules diffuse distances equal to the extent of the cell in seconds. This paper demonstrates experimentally, and analyzes theoretically, the use of multiple laminar fluid streams in microfluidic channels to deliver reagents to, and remove them from, cells with subcellular spatial selectivity. The technique made it possible to label different subpopulations of mitochondria fluorescently, to disrupt selected regions of the cytoskeleton chemically, to dislodge limited areas of cell-substrate adhesions enzymatically, and to observe microcompartmental endocytosis within individual cells. This technique does not require microinjection or immobilization of reagents onto nondiffusive objects; it opens a new window into cell biology.	0
Abstract2class: Construction of a protein-detection system using a loop peptide library with a fluorescence label Abstract: Construction of a novel protein-detection system was carried out using a designed peptide library with fluorescent labels based on loop structures. As a basic model study, detection of alpha-amylase using fluorescent-labeled peptides derived from an active loop of tendamistat was examined. The detection methods for proteins with immobilized peptides as well as peptides in solution have been successfully established. Based on these results, a loop peptide library that has various turn sequences grafted on a stable loop structure has been constructed. Various proteins with recognition patterns corresponding, for instance, to "protein fingerprints" could be detected using an immobilized peptide library. The present results suggest that the system can be applied to the development of a peptide microarray that behaves as a protein chip.	0
Abstract2class: Sequence-universal recognition of duplex DNA by oligonucleotides via pseudocomplementarity and helix invasion Abstract: The well-known Watson-Crick complementarity rules, which were discovered 50 years ago, elegantly direct the specific pairing of two DNA single strands. On the contrary, once formed, the double-stranded (ds) DNA lacks such a simple and sequence-universal recognition principle, since most of the characteristic chemical groups of nucleobases are now buried deep inside the double helix, the major DNA form. We report a promising versatile approach for highly selective recognition of designated sites within dsDNA featuring considerable practical potential for a variety of molecular-biological, biotechnological, gene-therapeutic, and diagnostic applications. It may also have implications for prebiotic evolution of genetic machinery at the primordial stages of the origin of life. Our design synergistically employs the robust helix-invasion ability of recently developed DNA mimics and analogs, pseudocomplementary peptide nucleic acids and pseudocomplementary oligonucleotides, thus enabling the sequence-unrestricted recognition of chosen DNA duplexes by nucleobase oligomers. Using this basically general approach, we selectively tagged a unique mixed-base site on the target dsDNA fragment with streptavidin and/or multiply labeled this site with fluorophores via the primer-extension reaction.	0
Abstract2class: Induction and inhibition of Pseudomonas aeruginosa quorum sensing by synthetic autoinducer analogs Abstract: We synthesized a library of Pseudomonas aeruginosa autoinducer analogs with variation targeted to the homoserine lactone (HSL) moiety and discovered a new agonist, 3-oxo-C(12)-(2-aminocyclohexanol), capable of activating LasR as a transcription factor. We reconstructed two sets of focused libraries against the quorum-sensing transcription factors LasR and RhlR, respectively. Opposing the prediction that both proteins should have the same binding site for HSL, it was surprising to find that these two related proteins respond to different structural motifs. This suggests that the HSL binding site differs in these proteins. We also found that subtle structural modifications to the agonists yielded compounds with antagonist activity. We performed a series of assays to show that inhibition of quorum sensing by these antagonists significantly reduced the production of virulence factors and biofilm formation.	0
Abstract2class: Breaking up is easy to do (if you're a DNA enzyme that cleaves RNA) Abstract: In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Cruz et al. use in vitro selection to select deoxyribozymes that collectively cleave almost any RNA dinucleotide junction. More remarkable is the finding that the new enzymes are related to the 8-17 deoxyribozyme that cleaves AG dinucleotide junctions.	0
Abstract2class: Covalent inhibitors of human monoacylglycerol lipase: ligand-assisted characterization of the catalytic site by mass spectrometry and mutational analysis Abstract: The active site of recombinant hexa-histidine-tagged human monoacylglycerol lipase (hMGL) is characterized by mass spectrometry using the inhibitors 5-((biphenyl-4-yl)methyl)-N,N-dimethyl-2H-tetrazole-2-carboxamide (AM6701), and N-arachidonylmaleimide (NAM) as probes. Carbamylation of Ser(129) by AM6701 in the putative hMGL catalytic triad demonstrates this residue's essential role in catalysis. Partial NAM alkylation of hMGL cysteine residues 215 and/or 249 was sufficient to achieve approximately 80% enzyme inhibition. Although Cys(215) and/or Cys(249) mutations to alanine(s) did not affect hMGL hydrolytic activity as compared with nonmutated hMGL, the C215A displayed heightened NAM sensitivity, whereas the C249A evidenced reduced NAM sensitivity. These data conclusively demonstrate a sulfhydryl-based mechanism for NAM inhibition of hMGL in which Cys(249) is of paramount importance. Identification of amino acids critical to the catalytic activity and pharmacological modulation of hMGL informs the design of selective MGL inhibitors as potential drugs.	0
Abstract2class: When it is hard to get to with genetics--planar cell polarity under a chemical scalpel Abstract: Planar cell polarity (PCP) has been under genetic dissection for decades. More and more fundamental developmental processes have been found relying on PCP signaling. However, mechanisms of how PCP signaling generates asymmetry is still unknown. A recent paper in Chemistry & Biology (Sundberg et al., 2011) represents the efforts to decipher the intracellular code of polarity signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular basis for the recognition of structurally distinct autoinducer mimics by the Pseudomonas aeruginosa LasR quorum-sensing signaling receptor Abstract: The human pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa coordinates the expression of virulence factors using quorum sensing, a signaling cascade triggered by the activation of signal receptors by small-molecule autoinducers. These homoserine lactone autoinducers stabilize their cognate receptors and activate their functions as transcription factors. Because quorum sensing regulates the progression of infection and host immune resistance, significant efforts have been devoted toward the identification of small molecules that disrupt this process. Screening efforts have identified a class of triphenyl compounds that are structurally distinct from the homoserine lactone autoinducer, yet interact specifically and potently with LasR receptor to modulate quorum sensing (Muh et al., 2006a). Here we present the high-resolution crystal structures of the ligand binding domain of LasR in complex with the autoinducer N-3-oxo-dodecanoyl homoserine lactone (1.4 A resolution), and with the triphenyl mimics TP-1, TP-3, and TP-4 (to between 1.8 A and 2.3 A resolution). These crystal structures provide a molecular rationale for understanding how chemically distinct compounds can be accommodated by a highly selective receptor, and provide the framework for the development of novel quorum-sensing regulators, utilizing the triphenyl scaffold.	0
Abstract2class: A structure-guided approach to creating covalent FGFR inhibitors Abstract: The fibroblast growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases (FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4) represent promising therapeutic targets in a number of cancers. We have developed the first potent and selective irreversible inhibitor of FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4, which we named FIIN-1 that forms a covalent bond with cysteine 486 located in the P loop of the FGFR1 ATP binding site. We demonstrated that the inhibitor potently inhibits Tel-FGFR1-transformed Ba/F3 cells (EC(50) = 14 nM) as well as numerous FGFR-dependent cancer cell lines. A biotin-derivatized version of the inhibitor, FIIN-1-biotin, was shown to covalently label FGFR1 at Cys486. FIIN-1 is a useful probe of FGFR-dependent cellular phenomena and may provide a starting point of the development of therapeutically relevant irreversible inhibitors of wild-type and drug-resistant forms of FGFR kinases.	0
Abstract2class: ALDH2 mediates 5-nitrofuran activity in multiple species Abstract: Understanding how drugs work in vivo is critical for drug design and for maximizing the potential of currently available drugs. 5-nitrofurans are a class of prodrugs widely used to treat bacterial and trypanosome infections, but despite relative specificity, 5-nitrofurans often cause serious toxic side effects in people. Here, we use yeast and zebrafish, as well as human in vitro systems, to assess the biological activity of 5-nitrofurans, and we identify a conserved interaction between aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) 2 and 5-nitrofurans across these species. In addition, we show that the activity of nifurtimox, a 5-nitrofuran anti-trypanosome prodrug, is dependent on zebrafish Aldh2 and is a substrate for human ALDH2. This study reveals a conserved and biologically relevant ALDH2-5-nitrofuran interaction that may have important implications for managing the toxicity of 5-nitrofuran treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Cell-specific RNA aptamer against human CCR5 specifically targets HIV-1 susceptible cells and inhibits HIV-1 infectivity Abstract: The C-C chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5) is a receptor expressed by T cells and macrophages that serves as a coreceptor for macrophage-tropic HIV-1. Loss of CCR5 is associated with resistance to HIV-1. Here, we combine the live-cell-based SELEX with high-throughput sequencing technology to generate CCR5 RNA aptamers capable of specifically targeting HIV-1 susceptible cells (as small interfering RNA [siRNA] delivery agent) and inhibiting HIV-1 infectivity (as antiviral agent) via block of the CCR5 required for HIV-1 to enter cells. One of the best candidates, G-3, efficiently bound and was internalized into human CCR5-expressing cells. The G-3 specifically neutralized R5 virus infection in primary peripheral blood mononuclear cells, and in vivo generated human CD4(+) T cells with a nanomolar inhibitory concentration 50%. G-3 was also capable of transferring functional siRNAs to CCR5-expressing cells. Collectively, the cell-specific, internalizing, CCR5-targeted aptamers and aptamer-siRNA conjugates offer promise for overcoming some of the current challenges of drug resistance in HIV-1 by providing cell-type- or tissue-specific delivery of various therapeutic moieties.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis for stabilization of the tau pre-mRNA splicing regulatory element by novantrone (mitoxantrone) Abstract: Some familial neurodegenerative diseases are associated with mutations that destabilize a putative stem-loop structure within an intronic region of the tau pre-messenger RNA (mRNA) and alter the production of tau protein isoforms by alternative splicing. Because stabilization of the stem loop reverses the splicing pattern associated with neurodegeneration, small molecules that stabilize this stem loop would provide new ways to dissect the mechanism of neurodegeneration and treat tauopathies. The anticancer drug mitoxantrone was recently identified in a high throughput screen to stabilize the tau pre-mRNA stem loop. Here we report the solution structure of the tau mRNA-mitoxantrone complex, validated by the structure-activity relationship of existing mitoxantrone analogs. The structure describes the molecular basis for their interaction with RNA and provides a rational basis to optimize the activity of this new class of RNA-binding molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Reciprocal Regulation of ERα and ERβ Stability and Activity by Diptoindonesin G Abstract: ERβ is regarded as a "tumor suppressor" in breast cancer due to its anti-proliferative effects. However, unlike ERα, ERβ has not been developed as a therapeutic target in breast cancer due to loss of ERβ in aggressive cancers. In a small-molecule library screen for ERβ stabilizers, we identified Diptoindonesin G (Dip G), which significantly increases ERβ protein stability while decreasing ERα protein levels. Dip G enhances the transcription and anti-proliferative activities of ERβ, while attenuating the transcription and proliferative effects of ERα. Further investigation revealed that instead of targeting ER, Dip G targets the CHIP E3 ubiquitin ligase shared by ERα and ERβ. Thus, Dip G is a dual-functional moiety that reciprocally controls ERα and ERβ protein stability and activities via an indirect mechanism. The ERβ stabilization effects of Dip G may enable the development of ERβ-targeted therapies for human breast cancers.	0
Abstract2class: Depletion of T cell epitopes in lysostaphin mitigates anti-drug antibody response and enhances antibacterial efficacy in vivo Abstract: The enzyme lysostaphin possesses potent anti-staphylococcal activity and represents a promising antibacterial drug candidate; however, its immunogenicity poses a barrier to clinical translation. Here, structure-based biomolecular design enabled widespread depletion of lysostaphin DRB1(∗)0401 restricted T cell epitopes, and resulting deimmunized variants exhibited striking reductions in anti-drug antibody responses upon administration to humanized HLA-transgenic mice. This reduced immunogenicity translated into improved efficacy in the form of protection against repeated challenges with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). In contrast, while wild-type lysostaphin was efficacious against the initial MRSA infection, it failed to clear subsequent bacterial challenges that were coincident with escalating anti-drug antibody titers. These results extend the existing deimmunization literature, in which reduced immunogenicity and retained efficacy are assessed independently of each other. By correlating in vivo efficacy with longitudinal measures of anti-drug antibody development, we provide the first direct evidence that T cell epitope depletion manifests enhanced biotherapeutic efficacy.	0
Abstract2class: Orthogonal ubiquitin transfer through engineered E1-E2 cascades for protein ubiquitination Abstract: Protein modification by ubiquitin (UB) controls diverse cellular processes. UB is conjugated to cellular proteins by sequential transfer through an E1-E2-E3 enzymatic cascade. The cross-activities of 2 E1s, 50 E2s and thousands of E3s encoded by the human genome make it difficult to identify the substrate proteins of a specific E3 enzyme in the cell. One way to solve this problem is to engineer an orthogonal UB transfer (OUT) cascade in which the engineered UB (xUB) is relayed by engineered E1, E2 and E3 enzymes (xE1, xE2, xE3) to modify the substrate proteins of a specific E3. Here, we use phage display and mutagenesis to construct xUB-xE1 and xE1-xE2 pairs that are orthogonal to the native E1 and E2 enzymes. Our work on engineering the UB transfer cascades will enable us to use OUT to map the signal transduction networks mediated by protein ubiquitination.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical knockout of pantothenate kinase reveals the metabolic and genetic program responsible for hepatic coenzyme A homeostasis Abstract: Coenzyme A (CoA) is the major acyl group carrier in intermediary metabolism. Hopantenate (HoPan), a competitive inhibitor of the pantothenate kinases, was used to chemically antagonize CoA biosynthesis. HoPan dramatically reduced liver CoA and mice developed severe hypoglycemia. Insulin was reduced, glucagon and corticosterone were elevated, and fasting accelerated hypoglycemia. Metabolic profiling revealed a large increase in acylcarnitines, illustrating the role of carnitine in buffering acyl groups to maintain the nonesterified CoASH level. HoPan triggered significant changes in hepatic gene expression that substantially increased the thioesterases, which liberate CoASH from acyl-CoA, and increased pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 1, which prevents the conversion of CoASH to acetyl-CoA. These results identify the metabolic rearrangements that maintain the CoASH pool which is critical to mitochondrial functions, including gluconeogenesis, fatty acid oxidation, and the tricarboxylic acid and urea cycles.	0
Abstract2class: A chemical and genetic approach to the mode of action of fumagillin Abstract: Previous mode of action studies identified methionine aminopeptidase 2 (MetAP-2) as the target of the antiangiogenic natural product fumagillin and its drug candidate analog, TNP-470. We report here that TNP-470-mediated MetAP-2 inhibition blocks noncanonical Wnt signaling, which plays a critical role in development, cell differentiation, and tumorigenesis. Consistent with this finding, antisense MetAP-2 morpholino oligonucleotide injection in zebrafish embryos phenocopies gastrulation defects seen in noncanonical Wnt5 loss-of-function zebrafish mutants. MetAP-2 inhibition or depletion blocks signaling downstream of the Wnt receptor Frizzled, but upstream of Calmodulin-dependent Kinase II, RhoA, and c-Jun N-terminal Kinase. Moreover, we demonstrate that TNP-470 does not block the canonical Wnt/beta-catenin pathway. Thus, TNP-470 selectively regulates noncanonical over canonical Wnt signaling and provides a unique means to explore and dissect the biological systems mediated by these pathways.	0
Abstract2class: HSF1-dependent upregulation of Hsp70 by sulfhydryl-reactive inducers of the KEAP1/NRF2/ARE pathway Abstract: The KEAP1/NRF2/ARE pathway and the heat shock response are inducible cytoprotective systems regulated by transcription factors NRF2 and HSF1, respectively. We report that structurally distinct small molecule NRF2 activators, all of which react with sulfhydryl groups but differ in potency by 15,000-fold, upregulate Hsp70, a prototypic HSF1-dependent gene. Hsp70 upregulation requires HSF1 but is NRF2 independent. We further demonstrate that a sulfoxythiocarbamate inducer conjugates to the negative regulator of HSF1, Hsp90. The differential concentration dependence of the two responses suggests that activation of NRF2 precedes that of HSF1: the KEAP1/NRF2/ARE pathway is at the forefront of cellular defense, protecting against instant danger; the heat shock response closely follows to resolve subsequent potentially devastating damage, saving the proteome. This uncovered duality undoubtedly contributes to the cytoprotective effects of such molecules in models of carcinogenesis, cardiovascular disease, and neurodegeneration.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of potent and selective covalent inhibitors of JNK Abstract: The mitogen-activated kinases JNK1/2/3 are key enzymes in signaling modules that transduce and integrate extracellular stimuli into coordinated cellular response. Here, we report the discovery of irreversible inhibitors of JNK1/2/3. We describe two JNK3 cocrystal structures at 2.60 and 2.97 Å resolution that show the compounds form covalent bonds with a conserved cysteine residue. JNK-IN-8 is a selective JNK inhibitor that inhibits phosphorylation of c-Jun, a direct substrate of JNK, in cells exposed to submicromolar drug in a manner that depends on covalent modification of the conserved cysteine residue. Extensive biochemical, cellular, and pathway-based profiling establish the selectivity of JNK-IN-8 for JNK and suggests that the compound will be broadly useful as a pharmacological probe of JNK-dependent signal transduction. Potential lead compounds have also been identified for kinases, including IRAK1, PIK3C3, PIP4K2C, and PIP5K3.	0
Abstract2class: Target-selective phototherapy using a ligand-based photosensitizer for type 2 cannabinoid receptor Abstract: Phototherapy is a powerful, noninvasive approach for cancer treatment, with several agents currently in clinical use. Despite the progress and promise, most current phototherapy agents have serious side effects as they can lead to damage to healthy tissue, even when the photosensitizers are fused to targeting molecules due to nonspecific light activation of the unbound photosensitizer. To overcome these limitations, we developed a phototherapy agent that combines a functional ligand and a near infrared phthalocyanine dye. Our target is type 2 cannabinoid receptor (CB2R), considered an attractive therapeutic target for phototherapy given it is overexpressed by many types of cancers that are located at a surface or can be reached by an endoscope. We show that our CB2R-targeted phototherapy agent, IR700DX-mbc94, is specific for CB2R and effective only when bound to the target receptor. Overall, this opens up the opportunity for development of an alternative treatment option for CB2R-positive cancers.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering the substrate specificity of the DhbE adenylation domain by yeast cell surface display Abstract: The adenylation (A) domains of nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) activate aryl acids or amino acids to launch their transfer through the NRPS assembly line for the biosynthesis of many medicinally important natural products. In order to expand the substrate pool of NRPSs, we developed a method based on yeast cell surface display to engineer the substrate specificities of the A-domains. We acquired A-domain mutants of DhbE that have 11- and 6-fold increases in k(cat)/K(m) with nonnative substrates 3-hydroxybenzoic acid and 2-aminobenzoic acid, respectively and corresponding 3- and 33-fold decreases in k(cat)/K(m) values with the native substrate 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid, resulting in a dramatic switch in substrate specificity of up to 200-fold. Our study demonstrates that yeast display can be used as a high throughput selection platform to reprogram the "nonribosomal code" of A-domains.	0
Abstract2class: Lighting up FGFR signaling Abstract: In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Kim and colleagues describe their work on optogenetic control of fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) signaling. By engineering a chimeric receptor, the authors demonstrate that FGFR intracellular signaling can be controlled in space and time by blue light.	0
Abstract2class: Biochemical and structural insights of the early glycosylation steps in calicheamicin biosynthesis Abstract: The enediyne antibiotic calicheamicin (CLM) gamma(1)(I) is a prominent antitumor agent that is targeted to DNA by a novel aryltetrasaccharide comprised of an aromatic unit and four unusual carbohydrates. Herein we report the heterologous expression and the biochemical characterization of the two "internal" glycosyltransferases CalG3 and CalG2 and the structural elucidation of an enediyne glycosyltransferase (CalG3). In conjunction with the previous characterization of the "external" CLM GTs CalG1 and CalG4, this study completes the functional assignment of all four CLM GTs, extends the utility of enediyne GT-catalyzed reaction reversibility, and presents conclusive evidence of a sequential glycosylation pathway in CLM biosynthesis. This work also reveals the common GT-B structural fold can now be extended to include enediyne GTs.	0
Abstract2class: Attachment of cell-binding ligands to arginine-rich cell-penetrating peptides enables cytosolic translocation of complexed siRNA Abstract: Cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs), such as nona-arginine (9R), poorly translocate siRNA into cells. Our studies demonstrate that attaching 9R to ligands that bind cell surface receptors quantitatively increases siRNA uptake and importantly, allows functional delivery of complexed siRNA. The mechanism involved accumulation of ligand-9R:siRNA microparticles on the cell membrane, which induced transient membrane inversion at the site of ligand-9R binding and rapid siRNA translocation into the cytoplasm. siRNA release also occurred late after endocytosis when the ligand was attached to the L isoform of 9R, but not the protease-resistant 9DR, prolonging mRNA knockdown. This critically depended on endosomal proteolytic activity, implying that partial CPP degradation is required for endosome-to-cytosol translocation. The data demonstrate that ligand attachment renders simple polycationic CPPs effective for siRNA delivery by restoring their intrinsic property of translocation.	0
Abstract2class: Heterologous expression, purification, reconstitution and kinetic analysis of an extended type II polyketide synthase Abstract: Background:                       Polyketide synthases (PKSs) are bacterial multienzyme systems that synthesize a broad range of natural products. The 'minimal' PKS consists of a ketosynthase, a chain length factor, an acyl carrier protein and a malonyl transferase. Auxiliary components (ketoreductases, aromatases and cyclases are involved in controlling the oxidation level and cyclization of the nascent polyketide chain. We describe the heterologous expression and reconstitution of several auxiliary PKS components including the actinorhodin ketoreductase (act KR), the griseusin aromatase/cyclase (gris ARO/CYC), and the tetracenomycin aromatase/cyclase (tcm ARO/CYC).                  Results:                       The polyketide products of reconstituted act and tcm PKSs were identical to those identified in previous in vivo studies. Although stable protein-protein interactions were not detected between minimal and auxiliary PKS components, kinetic analysis revealed that the extended PKS comprised of the act minimal PKS, the act KR and the gris ARO/CYC had a higher turnover number than the act minimal PKS plus the act KR or the act minimal PKS alone. Adding the tcm ARO/CYC to the tcm minimal PKS also increased the overall rate.                  Conclusions:                       Until recently the principal strategy for functional analysis of PKS subunits was through heterologous expression of recombinant PKSs in Streptomyces. Our results corroborate the implicit assumption that the product isolated from whole-cell systems is the dominant product of the PKS. They also suggest that an intermediate is channeled between the various subunits, and pave the way for more detailed structural and mechanistic analysis of these multienzyme systems.	0
Abstract2class: Mass spectrometry and the emerging field of glycomics Abstract: The biological significance of protein and lipid glycosylation is well established. For example, cells respond to environmental stimuli by altering glycan structures on their surfaces, and cancer cells evade normal growth regulation in part by remodeling their surface glycans. In general, glycan chemical properties differ significantly from those of proteins, lipids, nucleic acids, and small molecule metabolites. Thus, advances in glycomics, a comprehensive study to identify all glycans in an organism, rely on the development of specialized analytical methods. Mass spectrometry (MS) is emerging as an enabling technology in the field of glycomics. This review summarizes recent developments in mass spectrometric analysis methods for protein-based glycomics and glycoproteomics workflows.	0
Abstract2class: A small-molecule inducer of PDX1 expression identified by high-throughput screening Abstract: Pancreatic and duodenal homeobox 1 (PDX1), a member of the homeodomain-containing transcription factor family, is a key transcription factor important for both pancreas development and mature β cell function. The ectopic overexpression of Pdx1, Neurog3, and MafA in mice reprograms acinar cells to insulin-producing cells. We developed a quantitative PCR-based gene expression assay to screen more than 60,000 compounds for expression of each of these genes in the human PANC-1 ductal carcinoma cell line. We identified BRD7552, which upregulated PDX1 expression in both primary human islets and ductal cells, and induced epigenetic changes in the PDX1 promoter consistent with transcriptional activation. Prolonged compound treatment induced both insulin mRNA and protein and also enhanced insulin expression induced by the three-gene combination. These results provide a proof of principle for identifying small molecules that induce expression of transcription factors to control cellular reprogramming.	0
Abstract2class: Fueling up skeletal muscle to reduce obesity: A TrkB story Abstract: Targeting TrkB signaling could represent a good therapeutic strategy to prevent obesity. In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Chan et al. report the efficacy of 7,8-DHT, a TrkB agonist, in preventing obesity in female mice. The underlying molecular mechanisms behind this activity seem to involve increased energy expenditure in skeletal muscle.	0
Abstract2class: Codon randomization for rapid exploration of chemical space in thiopeptide antibiotic variants Abstract: Thiopeptide antibiotics exhibit a profound level of chemical diversity that is installed through cascades of posttranslational modifications on ribosomal peptides. Here, we present a technique to rapidly explore the chemical space of the thiopeptide GE37468 through codon randomization, yielding insights into thiopeptide maturation as well as structure and activity relationships. In this incarnation of the methodology, we randomized seven residues of the prepeptide-coding region, enabling the generation of 133 potential thiopeptide variants. Variant libraries were subsequently queried in two ways. First, high-throughput MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry was applied to colony-level expressions to sample mutants that permitted full maturation of the antibiotic. Second, the activity of producing mutants was detected in an antibiotic overlay assay. In total, 29 of the 133 variants produced mature compound, 12 of which retained antibiotic activity and 1 that had improved activity.	0
Abstract2class: In vivo biosynthesis of terpene nucleosides provides unique chemical markers of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection Abstract: Although small molecules shed from pathogens are widely used to diagnose infection, such tests have not been widely implemented for tuberculosis. Here we show that the recently identified compound, 1-tuberculosinyladenosine (1-TbAd), accumulates to comprise >1% of all Mycobacterium tuberculosis lipid. In vitro and in vivo, two isomers of TbAd were detected that might serve as infection markers. Using mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance, we established the structure of the previously unknown molecule, N(6)-tuberculosinyladenosine (N(6)-TbAd). Its biosynthesis involves enzymatic production of 1-TbAd by Rv3378c followed by conversion to N(6)-TbAd via the Dimroth rearrangement. Intact biosynthetic genes are observed only within M. tuberculosis complex bacteria, and TbAd was not detected among other medically important pathogens, environmental bacteria, and vaccine strains. With no substantially similar known molecules in nature, the discovery and in vivo detection of two abundant terpene nucleosides support their development as specific diagnostic markers of tuberculosis.	0
Abstract2class: Redesigning enzymes based on adaptive evolution for optimal function in synthetic metabolic pathways Abstract: Nature has balanced most metabolic pathways such that no one enzyme in the pathway controls the flux through that pathway. However, unnatural or nonnative, constructed metabolic pathways may have limited product flux due to unfavorable in vivo properties of one or more enzymes in the pathway. One such example is the mevalonate-based isoprenoid biosynthetic pathway that we previously reconstructed in Escherichia coli. We have used a probable mechanism of adaptive evolution to engineer the in vivo properties of two enzymes (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase [tHMGR] and many terpene synthases) in this pathway and thereby eliminate or minimize the bottleneck created by these inefficient or nonfunctional enzymes. Here, we demonstrate how we significantly improved the productivity (by approximately 1000 fold) of this reconstructed biosynthetic pathway using this strategy. We anticipate that this strategy will find broad applicability in the functional construction (or reconstruction) of biological pathways in heterologous hosts.	0
Abstract2class: Detection of miRNA expression in intact cells using activatable sensor oligonucleotides Abstract: We describe a technology for the profiling of miRNA expression in intact cells. The technology is based on sensor oligonucleotides that are cleavable, completely complementary to a target miRNA, and dual-labeled with a fluorescent dye and a quencher. Upon entering the cell, the sensor oligonucleotide binds its specific miRNA target through complementary base-pairing. This triggers assembly of the endogenous RNA Induced Silencing Complex (RISC) around the miRNA-sensor duplex and cleavage of the sensor oligonucleotide, resulting in separation between the dye and quencher, and a fluorescence turn-on. In the presented feasibility studies, we focus on a specific miRNA (miR-10b) implicated in breast cancer metastasis. Using a human breast adenocarcinoma cell line, we illustrate the application of this technology for miRNA detection with nanomolar sensitivity in both a cell-free system and intact cells.	0
Abstract2class: Single-cell FRET imaging of transferrin receptor trafficking dynamics by Sfp-catalyzed, site-specific protein labeling Abstract: Fluorescence imaging of living cells depends on an efficient and specific method for labeling the target cellular protein with fluorophores. Here we show that Sfp phosphopantetheinyl transferase-catalyzed protein labeling is suitable for fluorescence imaging of membrane proteins that spend at least part of their membrane trafficking cycle at the cell surface. In this study, transferrin receptor 1 (TfR1) was fused to peptide carrier protein (PCP), and the TfR1-PCP fusion protein was specifically labeled with fluorophore Alexa 488 by Sfp. The trafficking of transferrin-TfR1-PCP complex during the process of transferrin-mediated iron uptake was imaged by fluorescence resonance energy transfer between the fluorescently labeled transferrin ligand and TfR1 receptor. We thus demonstrated that Sfp-catalyzed small molecule labeling of the PCP tag represents a practical and efficient tool for molecular imaging studies in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: High-resolution NMR analysis of the conformations of native and base analog substituted retroviral and LTR-retrotransposon PPT primers Abstract: A purine-rich region of the plus-strand RNA genome of retroviruses and long terminal repeat (LTR)-containing retrotransposons, known as the polypurine tract (PPT), is resistant to hydrolysis by the RNase H domain of reverse transcriptase (RT) and ultimately serves as a primer for plus-strand DNA synthesis. The mechanisms underlying PPT resistance and selective processing remain largely unknown. Here, two RNA/DNA hybrids derived from the PPTs of HIV-1 and Ty3 were probed using high-resolution NMR for preexisting structural distortions in the absence of RT. The PPTs were selectively modified through base-pair changes or by incorporation of the thymine isostere, 2,4-difluoro-5-methylbenzene (dF), into the DNA strand. Although both wild-type (WT) and mutated hybrids adopted global A-form-like helical geometries, observed structural perturbations in the base-pair and dF-modified hybrids suggested that the PPT hybrids may function as structurally coupled domains.	0
Abstract2class: Reprogramming acyl carrier protein interactions of an Acyl-CoA promiscuous trans-acyltransferase Abstract: Protein interactions between acyl carrier proteins (ACPs) and trans-acting acyltransferase domains (trans-ATs) are critical for regioselective extender unit installation by many polyketide synthases, yet little is known regarding the specificity of these interactions, particularly for trans-ATs with unusual extender unit specificities. Currently, the best-studied trans-AT with nonmalonyl specificity is KirCII from kirromycin biosynthesis. Here, we developed an assay to probe ACP interactions based on leveraging the extender unit promiscuity of KirCII. The assay allows us to identify residues on the ACP surface that contribute to specific recognition by KirCII. This information proved sufficient to modify a noncognate ACP from a different biosynthetic system to be a substrate for KirCII. The findings form a foundation for further understanding the specificity of trans-AT:ACP protein interactions and for engineering modular polyketide synthases to produce analogs.	0
Abstract2class: RNA architecture dictates the conformations of a bound peptide Abstract: Background:                       The biological function of several viral and bacteriophage proteins, and their arginine-rich subdomains, involves RNA-mediated interactions. It has been shown recently that bound peptides adopt either beta-hairpin or alpha-helical conformations in viral and phage peptide-RNA complexes. We have compared the structures of the arginine-rich peptide domain of HIV-1 Rev bound to two RNA aptamers to determine whether RNA architecture can dictate the conformations of a bound peptide.                  Results:                       The core-binding segment of the HIV-1 Rev peptide class II RNA aptamer complex spans the two-base bulge and hairpin loop of the bound RNA and the carboxy-terminal segment of the bound peptide. The bound peptide is anchored in place by backbone and sidechain intermolecular hydrogen bonding and van der Waals stacking interactions. One of the bulge bases participates in U*(A*U) base triple formation, whereas the other is looped out and flaps over the bound peptide in the complex. The seven-residue hairpin loop is closed by a sheared G*A mismatch pair with several pyrimidines looped out of the hairpin fold.                  Conclusions:                       Our structural studies establish that RNA architecture dictates whether the same HIV-1 Rev peptide folds into an extended or alpha-helical conformation on complex formation. Arginine-rich peptides can therefore adapt distinct secondary folds to complement the tertiary folds of their RNA targets. This contrasts with protein-RNA complexes in which elements of RNA secondary structure adapt to fit within the tertiary folds of their protein targets.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorescence imaging of single-copy DNA sequences within the human genome using PNA-directed padlock probe assembly Abstract: We present an approach for fluorescent in situ detection of short, single-copy sequences within genomic DNA in human cells. The single-copy sensitivity and single-base specificity of our method is achieved due to the combination of three components. First, a peptide nucleic acid (PNA) probe locally opens a chosen target site, which allows a padlock DNA probe to access the site and become ligated. Second, rolling circle amplification (RCA) generates thousands of single-stranded copies of the target sequence. Finally, fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) is used to visualize the amplified DNA. We validate this technique by successfully detecting six single-copy target sites on human mitochondrial and autosomal DNA. We also demonstrate the high selectivity of this method by detecting X- and Y-specific sequences on human sex chromosomes and by simultaneously detecting three sequence-specific target sites. Finally, we discriminate two target sites that differ by 2 nt. The PNA-RCA-FISH approach is a distinctive in situ hybridization method capable of multitarget visualization within human chromosomes and nuclei that does not require DNA denaturation and is extremely sequence specific.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative analysis of cleavable azobenzene-based affinity tags for bioorthogonal chemical proteomics Abstract: The advances in bioorthogonal ligation methods have provided new opportunities for proteomic analysis of newly synthesized proteins, posttranslational modifications, and specific enzyme families using azide/alkyne-functionalized chemical reporters and activity-based probes. Efficient enrichment and elution of azide/alkyne-labeled proteins with selectively cleavable affinity tags are essential for protein identification and quantification applications. Here, we report the synthesis and comparative analysis of Na₂S₂O₄-cleavable azobenzene-based affinity tags for bioorthogonal chemical proteomics. We demonstrated that ortho-hydroxyl substituent is required for efficient azobenzene-bond cleavage and show that these cleavable affinity tags can be used to identify newly synthesized proteins in bacteria targeted by amino acid chemical reporters as well as their sites of modification on endogenously expressed proteins. The azobenzene-based affinity tags are compatible with in-gel, in-solution, and on-bead enrichment strategies and should afford useful tools for diverse bioorthogonal proteomic applications.	0
Abstract2class: Structural disorder in expanding the functionome of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases Abstract: Over the past decade, aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (AARSs) have emerged as a new class of regulatory proteins with widespread functions beyond their classic role in protein synthesis. The functional expansion concurs with the incorporation of new domains and motifs to AARSs and coincides with the emergence of the multi-synthetase complex (MSC) during the course of eukaryotic evolution. Notably, the new domains in AARSs are often found to be structurally disordered or to be linked to the enzyme cores via unstructured linkers. We performed bioinformatic analysis and classified the 20 human cytoplasmic AARSs into three groups based on their propensities for structural disorder. The analysis also suggests that, while the assembly of the MSC mainly involves ordered structural domains, structurally disordered regions play an important role in activating and expanding the regulatory functions of AARSs.	0
Abstract2class: Gain-of-function mutational activation of human tRNA synthetase procytokine Abstract: Disease-causing mutations occur in genes for aminoacyl tRNA synthetases. That some mutations are dominant suggests a gain of function. Native tRNA synthetases, such as tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase (TyrRS) and tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase, catalyze aminoacylation and are also procytokines that are activated by natural fragmentation. In principle, however, gain-of-function phenotypes could arise from mutational activation of synthetase procytokines. From crystal structure analysis, we hypothesized that a steric block of a critical Glu-Leu-Arg (ELR) motif in full-length TyrRS suppresses the cytokine activity of a natural fragment. To test this hypothesis, we attempted to uncover ELR in the procytokine by mutating a conserved tyrosine (Y341) that tethers ELR. Site-specific proteolytic cleavage and small-angle X-ray scattering established subtle opening of the structure by the mutation. Strikingly, four different assays demonstrated mutational activation of cytokine functions. The results prove the possibilities for constitutive gain-of-function mutations in tRNA synthetases.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic lethal screening identifies compounds activating iron-dependent, nonapoptotic cell death in oncogenic-RAS-harboring cancer cells Abstract: We screened small molecules to identify two compounds, which we named RSL3 and RSL5, that have increased lethality in the presence of oncogenic RAS. Counter screening with biologically active compounds defined aspects of the mechanism of action for RSL3 and RSL5, such as a nonapoptotic, MEK-dependent, and iron-dependent oxidative cell death. Erastin, a previously reported compound with RAS-selective lethality, showed similar properties. RNA interference experiments targeting voltage-dependent anion channel 3 (VDAC3), a target of erastin, demonstrated that RSL5 is a scaffold that acts through VDACs to activate the observed pathway. RSL3 activated a similar death mechanism but in a VDAC-independent manner. We found that cells transformed with oncogenic RAS have increased iron content relative to their normal cell counterparts through upregulation of transferrin receptor 1 and downregulation of ferritin heavy chain 1 and ferritin light chain.	0
Abstract2class: Opening the TRPML gates Abstract: The intracellular TRPML channels have multiple biological roles, but the physiological stimuli that open them remained unknown. In a previous issue of Chemistry & Biology, Grimm et al. report a high-throughput chemical screen that identified a plethora of selective activators of TRPML3 that should open the way to fully characterize these channels and their physiological roles.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical probes identify a role for histone deacetylase 3 in Friedreich's ataxia gene silencing Abstract: We recently identified a class of pimelic diphenylamide histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors that show promise as therapeutics in the neurodegenerative diseases Friedreich's ataxia (FRDA) and Huntington's disease. Here, we describe chemical approaches to identify the HDAC enzyme target of these inhibitors. Incubation of a trifunctional activity-based probe with a panel of class I and class II recombinant HDAC enzymes, followed by click chemistry addition of a fluorescent dye and gel electrophoresis, identifies HDAC3 as a unique high-affinity target of the probe. Photoaffinity labeling in a nuclear extract prepared from human lymphoblasts with the trifunctional probe, followed by biotin addition through click chemistry, streptavidin enrichment, and Western blotting also identifies HDAC3 as the preferred cellular target of the inhibitor. Additional inhibitors with different HDAC specificity profiles were synthesized, and results from transcription experiments in FRDA cells point to a unique role for HDAC3 in gene silencing in Friedreich's ataxia.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis for specific, high-affinity tetracycline binding by an in vitro evolved aptamer and artificial riboswitch Abstract: The tetracycline aptamer is an in vitro selected RNA that binds to the antibiotic with the highest known affinity of an artificial RNA for a small molecule (Kd approximately 0.8 nM). It is one of few aptamers known to be capable of modulating gene expression in vivo. The 2.2 A resolution cocrystal structure of the aptamer reveals a pseudoknot-like fold formed by tertiary interactions between an 11 nucleotide loop and the minor groove of an irregular helix. Tetracycline binds within this interface as a magnesium ion chelate. The structure, together with previous biochemical and biophysical data, indicates that the aptamer undergoes localized folding concomitant with tetracycline binding. The three-helix junction, h-shaped architecture of this artificial RNA is more complex than those of most aptamers and is reminiscent of the structures of some natural riboswitches.	0
Abstract2class: Screening for a diamond in the rough Abstract: Contrary to the standard of eliminating antimicrobial hits that collapse bacterial proton motive force (PMF), in this issue of Chemistry and Biology, Farha and colleagues describe the value of screens to identify molecules that dissipate PMF, yet are nonbacteriolytic and selectively toxic.	0
Abstract2class: Specific small molecule inhibitors of Skp2-mediated p27 degradation Abstract: In the ubiquitin proteasome system, the E3 ligase SCF-Skp2 and its accessory protein, Cks1, promote proliferation largely by inducing the degradation of the CDK inhibitor p27. Overexpression of Skp2 in human cancers correlates with poor prognosis, and deregulation of SCF-Skp2-Cks1 promotes tumorigenesis in animal models. We identified small molecule inhibitors specific to SCF-Skp2 activity using in silico screens targeted to the binding interface for p27. These compounds selectively inhibited Skp2-mediated p27 degradation by reducing p27 binding through key compound-receptor contacts. In cancer cells, the compounds induced p27 accumulation in a Skp2-dependent manner and promoted cell-type-specific blocks in the G1 or G2/M phases. Designing SCF-Skp2-specific inhibitors may be a novel strategy to treat cancers dependent on the Skp2-p27 axis.	0
Abstract2class: Neuronal store-operated calcium entry pathway as a novel therapeutic target for Huntington's disease treatment Abstract: Huntington's disease (HD) is a neurodegenerative disorder caused by a polyglutamine expansion within Huntingtin (Htt) protein. In the phenotypic screen we identified a class of quinazoline-derived compounds that delayed a progression of a motor phenotype in transgenic Drosophila HD flies. We found that the store-operated calcium (Ca(2+)) entry (SOC) pathway activity is enhanced in neuronal cells expressing mutant Htt and that the identified compounds inhibit SOC pathway in HD neurons. The same compounds exerted neuroprotective effects in glutamate-toxicity assays with YAC128 medium spiny neurons primary cultures. We demonstrated a key role of TRPC1 channels in supporting SOC pathway in HD neurons. We concluded that the TRPC1-mediated neuronal SOC pathway constitutes a novel target for HD treatment and that the identified compounds represent a novel class of therapeutic agents for treatment of HD and possibly other neurodegenerative disorders.	0
Abstract2class: Quorum-sensing crosstalk-driven synthetic circuits: from unimodality to trimodality Abstract: Widespread quorum-sensing (QS) enables bacteria to communicate and plays a critical role in controlling bacterial virulence. However, effects of promiscuous QS crosstalk and its implications for gene regulation and cell decision-making remain largely unknown. Here we systematically studied the crosstalk between LuxR/I and LasR/I systems and found that QS crosstalk can be dissected into signal crosstalk and promoter crosstalk. Further investigations using synthetic positive feedback circuits revealed that signal crosstalk significantly decreases a circuit's bistable potential while maintaining unimodality. Promoter crosstalk, however, reproducibly generates complex trimodal responses resulting from noise-induced state transitions and host-circuit interactions. A mathematical model that integrates the circuit's nonlinearity, stochasticity, and host-circuit interactions was developed, and its predictions of conditions for trimodality were verified experimentally. Combining synthetic biology and mathematical modeling, this work sheds light on the complex behaviors emerging from QS crosstalk, which could be exploited for therapeutics and biotechnology.	0
Abstract2class: Stable benzotriazole esters as mechanism-based inactivators of the severe acute respiratory syndrome 3CL protease Abstract: Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) is caused by a newly emerged coronavirus that infected more than 8000 individuals and resulted in more than 800 fatalities in 2003. Currently, there is no effective treatment for this epidemic. SARS-3CL(pro) has been shown to be essential for replication and is thus a target for drug discovery. Here, a class of stable benzotriazole esters was reported as mechanism-based inactivators of 3CL(pro), and the most potent inactivator exhibited a k(inact) of 0.0011 s(-1) and a K(i) of 7.5 nM. Mechanistic investigation with kinetic and mass spectrometry analyses indicates that the active site Cys145 is acylated, and that no irreversible inactivation was observed with the use of the C145A mutant. In addition, a noncovalent, competitive inhibition became apparent by using benzotriazole ester surrogates in which the bridged ester-oxygen group is replaced with carbon.	0
Abstract2class: Design and Characterization of Novel EphA2 Agonists for Targeted Delivery of Chemotherapy to Cancer Cells Abstract: The development of novel, targeted delivery agents for anti-cancer therapies requires the design and optimization of potent and selective tumor-targeting agents that are stable and amenable to conjugation with chemotherapeutic drugs. While short peptides represent potentially an excellent platform for these purposes, they often get degraded and are eliminated too rapidly in vivo. In this study, we used a combination of nuclear magnetic resonance-guided structure-activity relationships along with biochemical and cellular studies to derive a novel tumor-homing agent, named 123B9, targeting the EphA2 tyrosine kinase receptor ligand-binding domain. Conjugating 123B9 to the chemotherapeutic drug paclitaxel (PTX) via a stable linker results in an agent that is significantly more effective than the unconjugated drug in both a pancreatic cancer xenograft model and a melanoma lung colonization and metastases model. Hence, 123B9 could represent a promising strategy for the development of novel targeted therapies for cancer.	0
Abstract2class: HTS by NMR of combinatorial libraries: a fragment-based approach to ligand discovery Abstract: Fragment-based ligand design (FBLD) approaches have become more widely used in drug discovery projects from both academia and industry, and are even often preferred to traditional high-throughput screening (HTS) of large collection of compounds (>10(5)). A key advantage of FBLD approaches is that these often rely on robust biophysical methods such as NMR spectroscopy for detection of ligand binding, hence are less prone to artifacts that too often plague the results from HTS campaigns. In this article, we introduce a screening strategy that takes advantage of both the robustness of protein NMR spectroscopy as the detection method, and the basic principles of combinatorial chemistry to enable the screening of large libraries of fragments (>10(5) compounds) preassembled on a common backbone. We used the method to identify compounds that target protein-protein interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Global analysis of protein N-myristoylation and exploration of N-myristoyltransferase as a drug target in the neglected human pathogen Leishmania donovani Abstract: N-Myristoyltransferase (NMT) modulates protein function through the attachment of the lipid myristate to the N terminus of target proteins, and is a promising drug target in eukaryotic parasites such as Leishmania donovani. Only a small number of NMT substrates have been characterized in Leishmania, and a global picture of N-myristoylation is lacking. Here, we use metabolic tagging with an alkyne-functionalized myristic acid mimetic in live parasites followed by downstream click chemistry and analysis to identify lipidated proteins in both the promastigote (extracellular) and amastigote (intracellular) life stages. Quantitative chemical proteomics is used to profile target engagement by NMT inhibitors, and to define the complement of N-myristoylated proteins. Our results provide new insight into the multiple pathways modulated by NMT and the pleiotropic effects of NMT inhibition. This work constitutes the first global experimental analysis of protein lipidation in Leishmania, and reveals the extent of NMT-related biology yet to be explored for this neglected human pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical proteomic probes for profiling cytochrome p450 activities and drug interactions in vivo Abstract: The cytochrome P450 (P450) superfamily metabolizes many endogenous signaling molecules and drugs. P450 enzymes are regulated by posttranslational mechanisms in vivo, which hinders their functional characterization by conventional genomic or proteomic methods. Here we describe a chemical proteomic strategy to profile P450 activities directly in living systems. Derivatization of a mechanism-based inhibitor with a "clickable" handle provided an activity-based probe that labels multiple P450s both in proteomic extracts and in vivo. This probe was used to record alterations in liver P450 activities triggered by chemical agents, including inducers of P450 expression and direct P450 inhibitors. The chemical proteomic strategy described herein thus offers a versatile method to monitor P450 activities and small-molecule interactions in any biological system and, through doing so, should facilitate the functional characterization of this large and diverse enzyme class.	0
Abstract2class: Probing the probes: fitness factors for small molecule tools Abstract: Chemical probes for interrogating biological processes are of considerable current interest. Cell permeable small molecule tools have a major role in facilitating the functional annotation of the human genome, understanding both physiological and pathological processes, and validating new molecular targets. To be valuable, chemical tools must satisfy necessary criteria and recent publications have suggested objective guidelines for what makes a useful chemical probe. Although recognizing that such guidelines may be valuable, we caution against overly restrictive rules that may stifle innovation in favor of a "fit-for-purpose" approach. Reviewing the literature and providing examples from the cancer field, we recommend a series of "fitness factors" to be considered when assessing chemical probes. We hope this will encourage innovative chemical biology research while minimizing the generation of poor quality and misleading biological data, thus increasing understanding of the particular biological area, to the benefit of basic research and drug discovery.	0
Abstract2class: Development of antibiotic activity profile screening for the classification and discovery of natural product antibiotics Abstract: Despite recognition of the looming antibiotic crisis by healthcare professionals, the number of new antibiotics reaching the clinic continues to decline sharply. This study aimed to establish an antibiotic profiling strategy using a panel of clinically relevant bacterial strains to create unique biological fingerprints for all major classes of antibiotics. Antibiotic mode of action profile (BioMAP) screening has been shown to effectively cluster antibiotics by structural class based on these fingerprints. Using this approach, we have accurately predicted the presence of known antibiotics in natural product extracts and have discovered a naphthoquinone-based antibiotic from our marine natural product library that possesses a unique carbon skeleton. We have demonstrated that bioactivity fingerprinting is a successful strategy for profiling antibiotic lead compounds and that BioMAP can be applied to the discovery of new natural product antibiotics leads.	0
Abstract2class: A yeast chemical genetic screen identifies inhibitors of human telomerase Abstract: Telomerase comprises a reverse transcriptase and an internal RNA template that maintains telomeres in many eukaryotes, and it is a well-validated cancer target. However, there is a dearth of small molecules with efficacy against human telomerase in vivo. We developed a surrogate yeast high-throughput assay to identify human telomerase inhibitors. The reversibility of growth arrest induced by active human telomerase was assessed against a library of 678 compounds preselected for bioactivity in S. cerevisiae. Four of eight compounds identified reproducibly restored growth to strains expressing active human telomerase, and three of these four compounds also specifically inhibited purified human telomerase in vitro. These compounds represent probes for human telomerase function, and potential entry points for development of lead compounds against telomerase-positive cancers.	0
Abstract2class: Autophosphorylation activity of a soluble hexameric histidine kinase correlates with the shift in protein conformational equilibrium Abstract: In a commonly accepted model, in response to stimuli, bacterial histidine kinases undergo a conformational transition between an active and inactive form. Structural information on histidine kinases is limited. By using ion mobility-mass spectrometry (IM-MS), we demonstrate an exchange between two conformational populations of histidine kinase ExsG that are linked to different levels of kinase activity. ExsG is an atypical signaling protein that incorporates an uncommon histidine kinase catalytic core at the C terminus preceded by an N-terminal "receiver domain" that is normally associated with the response regulator proteins in two-component signal transduction systems. IM-MS analysis and enzymatic assays indicate that phosphorylation of the ExsG receiver domain stabilizes the "compact" form of the protein and inhibits kinase core activity; in contrast, nucleotide binding required for kinase activity is associated with the more open conformation of ExsG.	0
Abstract2class: Targeting mitochondrial DNA with a platinum-based anticancer agent Abstract: An analog of the anticancer drug cisplatin (mtPt) was delivered to mitochondria of human cells using a peptide specifically targeting this organelle. mtPt induces apoptosis without damaging nuclear DNA, indicating that mtDNA damage is sufficient to mediate the activity of a platinum-based chemotherapeutic. This study demonstrates the specific delivery of a platinum drug to mitochondria and investigates the effects of directing this agent outside the nucleus.	0
Abstract2class: Frameworks for programming biological function through RNA parts and devices Abstract: One of the long-term goals of synthetic biology is to reliably engineer biological systems that perform human-defined functions. Currently, researchers face several scientific and technical challenges in designing and building biological systems, one of which is associated with our limited ability to access, transmit, and control molecular information through the design of functional biomolecules exhibiting novel properties. The fields of RNA biology and nucleic acid engineering, along with the tremendous interdisciplinary growth of synthetic biology, are fueling advances in the emerging field of RNA programming in living systems. Researchers are designing functional RNA molecules that exhibit increasingly complex functions and integrating these molecules into cellular circuits to program higher-level biological functions. The continued integration and growth of RNA design and synthetic biology presents exciting potential to transform how we interact with and program biology.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of dual inhibitors of the immune cell PI3Ks p110delta and p110gamma: a prototype for new anti-inflammatory drugs Abstract: PI3Kdelta and PI3Kgamma regulate immune cell signaling, while the related PI3Kalpha and PI3Kbeta regulate cell survival and metabolism. Selective inhibitors of PI3Kdelta/gamma represent a potential class of anti-inflammatory agents lacking the antiproliferative effects associated with PI3Kalpha/beta inhibition. Here we report the discovery of PI3Kdelta/gamma inhibitors that display up to 1000-fold selectivity over PI3Kalpha/beta and evaluate these compounds in a high-content inflammation assay using mixtures of primary human cells. We find selective inhibition of only PI3Kdelta is weakly anti-inflammatory, but PI3Kdelta/gamma inhibitors show superior inflammatory marker suppression through suppression of lipopolysaccharide-induced TNFalpha production and T cell activation. Moreover, PI3Kdelta/gamma inhibition yields an anti-inflammatory signature distinct from pan-PI3K inhibition and known anti-inflammatory drugs, yet bears striking similarities to glucocorticoid receptor agonists. These results highlight the potential of selectively designing drugs that target kinases with shared biological function.	0
Abstract2class: Optimizing glycosyltransferase specificity via "hot spot" saturation mutagenesis presents a catalyst for novobiocin glycorandomization Abstract: A comprehensive two-phase "hot spot" saturation mutagenesis strategy for the rapid evolution of glycosyltransferase (GT) specificity for nonnatural acceptors is described. Specifically, the application of a high-throughput screen (based on the fluorescent acceptor umbelliferone) was used to identify key amino acid hot spots that contribute to GT proficiency and/or promiscuity. Saturation mutagenesis of the corresponding hot spots facilitated the utilization of a lower-throughput screen to provide OleD prodigy capable of efficiently glycosylating the nonnatural acceptor novobiocic acid with an array of unique sugars. Incredibly, even in the absence of a high-throughput screen for novobiocic acid glycosylation, this approach rapidly led to improvements in the desired catalytic activity of several hundred-fold.	0
Abstract2class: Accessing protein methyltransferase and demethylase enzymology using microfluidic capillary electrophoresis Abstract: The discovery of small molecules targeting the >80 enzymes that add (methyltransferases) or remove (demethylases) methyl marks from lysine and arginine residues, most notably present in histone tails, may yield unprecedented chemotherapeutic agents and facilitate regenerative medicine. To better enable chemical exploration of these proteins, we have developed a highly quantitative microfluidic capillary electrophoresis assay to enable full mechanistic studies of these enzymes and the kinetics of their inhibition. This technology separates small biomolecules, i.e., peptides, based on their charge-to-mass ratio. Methylation, however, does not alter the charge of peptide substrates. To overcome this limitation, we have employed a methylation-sensitive endoproteinase strategy to separate methylated from unmethylated peptides. The assay was validated on a lysine methyltransferase (G9a) and a lysine demethylase (LSD1) and was employed to investigate the inhibition of G9a by small molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Bridging the spectral gap in fluorescent proteins through directed evolution Abstract: Fluorescent proteins are used as noninvasive tags for protein trafficking, structure, and action. In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Hoi and colleagues present a new optimized zFP538 yellow fluorescent protein called mPapaya1 that is bright, monomeric, and an excellent fusion partner for cellular proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a potential general acid/base in the reversible phosphoryl transfer reactions catalyzed by tyrosine recombinases: Flp H305 Abstract: Flp provides a unique opportunity to apply the tools of chemical biology to phosphoryl transfer reactions. Flp and other tyrosine recombinases catalyze site-specific DNA rearrangements via a phosphotyrosine intermediate. Unlike most related enzymes, Flp's nucleophilic tyrosine derives from a different protomer than the remainder of its active site. Because the tyrosine can be supplied exogenously, nonnatural synthetic analogs can be used. Here we examine the catalytic role of Flp's conserved H305. DNA cleavage was studied using a peptide containing either tyrosine (pKa congruent with 10) or 3-fluoro-tyrosine (pKa congruent with 8.4). Religation was studied using DNA substrates with 3'-phospho-cresol (pKa congruent with 10) or 3'-para-nitro-phenol (pKa congruent with 7.1). In both cases, the tyrosine analog with the lower pKa specifically restored the activity of an H305 mutant. These results provide experimental evidence that this conserved histidine functions as a general acid/base catalyst in tyrosine recombinases.	0
Abstract2class: Cyanobacterial polyketide synthase docking domains: a tool for engineering natural product biosynthesis Abstract: Modular type I polyketide synthases (PKSs) are versatile biosynthetic systems that initiate, successively elongate, and modify acyl chains. Intermediate transfer between modules is mediated via docking domains, which are attractive targets for PKS pathway engineering to produce natural product analogs. We identified a class 2 docking domain in cyanobacterial PKSs and determined crystal structures for two docking domain pairs, revealing a distinct class 2 docking strategy for promoting intermediate transfer. The selectivity of class 2 docking interactions, demonstrated in binding and biochemical assays, could be altered by mutagenesis. We determined the ideal fusion location for exchanging class 1 and class 2 docking domains and demonstrated effective polyketide chain transfer in heterologous modules. Thus, class 2 docking domains are tools for rational bioengineering of a broad range of PKSs containing either class 1 or 2 docking domains.	0
Abstract2class: Small-molecule screening identifies the selanazal drug ebselen as a potent inhibitor of DMT1-mediated iron uptake Abstract: HEK293T cells overexpressing divalent metal transporter-1 (DMT1) were established to screen for small-molecule inhibitors of iron uptake. Using a fluorescence-based assay, we tested 2000 known bioactive compounds to find 3 small molecules that potently block ferrous iron uptake. One of the inhibitors, ebselen, is a seleno compound used in clinical trials as a protective agent against ischemic stroke. Ebselen inhibited Fe(II) uptake (IC(50) of approximately 0.22 microM), but did not influence Fe(III) transport or DMT1-mediated manganese uptake. An unrelated antioxidant, pyrrolidine dithiobarbamate (PDTC), also inhibited DMT1 activity (IC(50) of approximately 1.54 microM). Both ebselen and PDTC increased cellular levels of reduced glutathione. These observations indicate that Fe(II) transport by DMT1 can be modulated by cellular redox status and suggest that ebselen may act therapeutically to limit iron-catalyzed damage due to transport inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: MRI-based detection of alkaline phosphatase gene reporter activity using a porphyrin solubility switch Abstract: The ability to map patterns of gene expression noninvasively in living animals could have impact in many areas of biology. Reporter systems compatible with MRI could be particularly valuable, but existing strategies tend to lack sensitivity or specificity. Here we address the challenge of MRI-based gene mapping using the reporter enzyme secreted alkaline phosphatase (SEAP), in conjunction with a water-soluble metalloporphyrin contrast agent. SEAP cleaves the porphyrin into an insoluble product that accumulates at sites of enzyme expression and can be visualized by MRI and optical absorbance. The contrast mechanism functions in vitro, in brain slices, and in animals. The system also provides the possibility of readout both in the living animal and by postmortem histology, and it notably does not require intracellular delivery of the contrast agent. The solubility switch mechanism used to detect SEAP could be adapted for imaging of additional reporter enzymes or endogenous targets.	0
Abstract2class: A fluorogenic histone deacetylase assay well suited for high-throughput activity screening Abstract: Histone deacetylases (HDACs) are important enzymes for the transcriptional regulation of gene expression in eukaryotic cells. Recent findings suggest that HDACs could be key targets for chemotherapeutic intervention in malignant diseases. A convenient and sensitive fluorogenic assay for HDAC activity would therefore expedite studies of HDAC in transcriptional regulation and in vitro screening for drug discovery. In this study, novel fluorogenic substrates of HDACs were synthesized with an epsilon-acetylated lysyl moiety and an adjacent MCA moiety at the C terminus of the peptide chain. Upon deacetylation of the acetylated lysyl moiety, molecules became substrates for trypsin, which released highly fluorescent AMC molecules in a subsequent step of the assay. The fluorescence increased in direct proportion to the amount of deacetylated substrate molecules, i.e., HDAC activity. The nonisotopic, homogeneous assay is well suited for high-throughput HDAC inhibitor screening.	0
Abstract2class: Draft genome of Omphalotus olearius provides a predictive framework for sesquiterpenoid natural product biosynthesis in Basidiomycota Abstract: The secondary metabolome of Basidiomycota represents a largely uncharacterized source of pharmaceutically relevant natural products. Terpenoids are the primary class of bioactive compounds isolated from mushrooms. The Jack O'Lantern mushroom Omphalotus olearius was identified 50 years ago as a prolific producer of anticancer illudin sesquiterpenoids; however, to date there have been exceptionally few studies into the biosynthesis of these important compounds. Here, we report the draft genome sequence of O. olearius, which reveals a diverse network of sesquiterpene synthases and two metabolic gene clusters associated with illudin biosynthesis. Characterization of the sesquiterpene synthases enabled a comprehensive survey of all currently available Basidiomycota genomes, thereby creating a predictive resource for terpenoid natural product biosynthesis in these organisms. Our results will facilitate discovery and biosynthetic production of unique pharmaceutically relevant bioactive compounds from Basidiomycota.	0
Abstract2class: Design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of an allosteric inhibitor of HSET that targets cancer cells with supernumerary centrosomes Abstract: Centrosomes associate with spindle poles; thus, the presence of two centrosomes promotes bipolar spindle assembly in normal cells. Cancer cells often contain supernumerary centrosomes, and to avoid multipolar mitosis and cell death, these are clustered into two poles by the microtubule motor protein HSET. We report the discovery of an allosteric inhibitor of HSET, CW069, which we designed using a methodology on an interface of chemistry and biology. Using this approach, we explored millions of compounds in silico and utilized convergent syntheses. Only compound CW069 showed marked activity against HSET in vitro. The inhibitor induced multipolar mitoses only in cells containing supernumerary centrosomes. CW069 therefore constitutes a valuable tool for probing HSET function and, by reducing the growth of cells containing supernumerary centrosomes, paves the way for new cancer therapeutics.	0
Abstract2class: Validating fragment-based drug discovery for biological RNAs: lead fragments bind and remodel the TPP riboswitch specifically Abstract: Thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP) riboswitches regulate essential genes in bacteria by changing conformation upon binding intracellular TPP. Previous studies using fragment-based approaches identified small molecule "fragments" that bind this gene-regulatory mRNA domain. Crystallographic studies now show that, despite having micromolar Kds, four different fragments bind the TPP riboswitch site-specifically, occupying the pocket that recognizes the aminopyrimidine of TPP. Unexpectedly, the unoccupied site that would recognize the pyrophosphate of TPP rearranges into a structure distinct from that of the cognate complex. This idiosyncratic fragment-induced conformation, also characterized by small-angle X-ray scattering and chemical probing, represents a possible mechanism for adventitious ligand discrimination by the riboswitch, and suggests that off-pathway conformations of RNAs can be targeted for drug development. Our structures, together with previous screening studies, demonstrate the feasibility of fragment-based drug discovery against RNA targets.	0
Abstract2class: Tracking brain palmitoylation change: predominance of glial change in a mouse model of Huntington's disease Abstract: Protein palmitoylation, a reversible lipid modification of proteins, is widely used in the nervous system, with dysregulated palmitoylation being implicated in a variety of neurological disorders. Described below is ABE/SILAM, a proteomic strategy that couples acyl-biotinyl exchange (ABE) purification of palmitoyl-proteins to whole animal stable isotope labeling (SILAM) to provide an accurate tracking of palmitoylation change within rodent disease models. As a first application, we have used ABE/SILAM to look at Huntington's disease (HD), profiling palmitoylation change in two HD-relevant mouse mutants: the transgenic HD model mouse YAC128 and the hypomorphic Hip14-gt mouse, which has sharply reduced expression for HIP14 (Zdhhc17), a palmitoyl-transferase implicated in the HD disease process. Rather than mapping to the degenerating neurons themselves, the biggest disease changes instead map to astrocytes and oligodendrocytes (i.e., the supporting glial cells).	0
Abstract2class: Glucocorticoid compounds modify smoothened localization and hedgehog pathway activity Abstract: The Hedgehog signaling pathway is linked to a variety of diseases, notably a range of cancers. The first generation of drug screens identified Smoothened (Smo), a membrane protein essential for signaling, as an attractive drug target. Smo localizes to the primary cilium upon pathway activation, and this transition is critical for the response to Hedgehog ligands. In a high content screen directly monitoring Smo distribution in Hedgehog-responsive cells, we identified different glucocorticoids as specific modulators of Smo ciliary accumulation. One class promoted Smo accumulation, conferring cellular hypersensitivity to Hedgehog stimulation. In contrast, a second class inhibited Smo ciliary localization and signaling activity by both wild-type Smo, and mutant forms of Smo, SmoM2, and SmoD473H, that are refractory to previously identified Smo antagonists. These findings point to the potential for developing glucocorticoid-based pharmacological modulation of Smo signaling to treat mutated drug-resistant forms of Smo, an emerging problem in long-term cancer therapy. They also raise a concern about potential crosstalk of glucocorticoid drugs in the Hedgehog pathway, if therapeutic administration exceeds levels associated with on-target transcriptional mechanisms of glucocorticoid action.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of histone deacetylase inhibitors with benzoylhydrazide scaffold that selectively inhibit class I histone deacetylases Abstract: Inhibitors of histone deacetylases (HDACi) hold considerable therapeutic promise as clinical anticancer therapies. However, currently known HDACi exhibit limited isoform specificity, off-target activity, and undesirable pharmaceutical properties. Thus, HDACi with new chemotypes are needed to overcome these limitations. Here, we identify a class of HDACi with a previously undescribed benzoylhydrazide scaffold that is selective for the class I HDACs. These compounds are competitive inhibitors with a fast-on/slow-off HDAC-binding mechanism. We show that the lead compound, UF010, inhibits cancer cell proliferation via class I HDAC inhibition. This causes global changes in protein acetylation and gene expression, resulting in activation of tumor suppressor pathways and concurrent inhibition of several oncogenic pathways. The isotype selectivity coupled with interesting biological activities in suppressing tumor cell proliferation support further preclinical development of the UF010 class of compounds for potential therapeutic applications.	0
Abstract2class: Expanding the genetic code for biological studies Abstract: Using an orthogonal tRNA-synthetase pair, unnatural amino acids can be genetically encoded with high efficiency and fidelity, and over 40 unnatural amino acids have been site-specifically incorporated into proteins in Escherichia coli, yeast, or mammalian cells. Novel chemical or physical properties embodied in these amino acids enable new means for tailored manipulation of proteins. This review summarizes the methodology and recent progress in expanding this technology to eukaryotic cells. Applications of genetically encoded unnatural amino acids are highlighted with reports on labeling and modifying proteins, probing protein structure and function, identifying and regulating protein activity, and generating proteins with new properties. Genetic incorporation of unnatural amino acids provides a powerful method for investigating a wide variety of biological processes both in vitro and in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: Non-canonical Bromodomain within DNA-PKcs Promotes DNA Damage Response and Radioresistance through Recognizing an IR-Induced Acetyl-Lysine on H2AX Abstract: Regulatory mechanisms underlying γH2AX induction and the associated cell fate decision during DNA damage response (DDR) remain obscure. Here, we discover a bromodomain (BRD)-like module in DNA-PKcs (DNA-PKcs-BRD) that specifically recognizes H2AX acetyl-lysine 5 (K5ac) for sequential induction of γH2AX and concurrent cell fate decision(s). First, top-down mass spectrometry of radiation-phenotypic, full-length H2AX revealed a radiation-inducible, K5ac-dependent induction of γH2AX. Combined approaches of sequence-structure modeling/docking, site-directed mutagenesis, and biochemical experiments illustrated that through docking on H2AX K5ac, this non-canonical BRD determines not only the H2AX-targeting activity of DNA-PKcs but also the over-activation of DNA-PKcs in radioresistant tumor cells, whereas a Kac antagonist, JQ1, was able to bind to DNA-PKcs-BRD, leading to re-sensitization of tumor cells to radiation. This study elucidates the mechanism underlying the H2AX-dependent regulation of DNA-PKcs in ionizing radiation-induced, differential DDR, and derives an unconventional, non-catalytic domain target in DNA-PKs for overcoming resistance during cancer radiotherapy.	0
Abstract2class: Human symbiont Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron synthesizes 2-keto-3-deoxy-D-glycero-D- galacto-nononic acid (KDN) Abstract: The proper functioning of the human intestine is dependent on its bacterial symbionts, the most predominant of which belong to the Phylum Bacteroidetes. These bacteria are known to use variable displays of multiple capsular polysaccharides (CPs) to aid in their survival and foraging within the intestine. Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron is a prominent human gut symbiont and a remarkably versatile glycophile. The structure determination of the CPs, encoded by the eight CP loci, is the key to understanding the mechanism of this organism's adaptation on a molecular level. Herein, we report the bioinformatics-based discovery and chemical demonstration of a biosynthetic pathway that forms and cytidylates 2-keto-3-deoxy-D-glycero-D-galacto-nononic acid (KDN), most likely for inclusion in the CP encoded by B. thetaiotaomicron CP locus 7.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical and chemoenzymatic synthesis of glycoproteins for deciphering functions Abstract: Glycoproteins are an important class of biomolecules involved in a number of biological recognition processes. However, natural and recombinant glycoproteins are usually produced as mixtures of glycoforms that differ in the structures of the pendent glycans, which are difficult to separate in pure glycoforms. As a result, synthetic homogeneous glycopeptides and glycoproteins have become indispensable probes for detailed structural and functional studies. A number of elegant chemical and biological strategies have been developed for synthetic construction of tailor-made, full-size glycoproteins to address specific biological problems. In this review, we highlight recent advances in chemical and chemoenzymatic synthesis of homogeneous glycoproteins. Selected examples are given to demonstrate the applications of tailor-made, glycan-defined glycoproteins for deciphering glycosylation functions.	0
Abstract2class: Expanding the repertoire of glycosynthases Abstract: As reported in this issue, Moracci and coworkers have now expanded the glycosynthase concept to two retaining alpha-L-fucosidases. The newly generated alpha-fucosynthases can use beta-L-fucosyl azide as donors for transglycosylation, enabling the synthesis of fucose-containing oligosaccharides.	0
Abstract2class: Binding of high-mannose-type oligosaccharides and synthetic oligomannose clusters to human antibody 2G12: implications for HIV-1 vaccine design Abstract: Human antibody 2G12 broadly neutralizes human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) isolates and shows protective activity against viral challenge in animal models. Previous mutational analysis suggested that 2G12 recognized a novel cluster of high-mannose type oligosaccharides on HIV-1 gp120. To explore the carbohydrate antigen for HIV-1 vaccine design, we have studied the binding of 2G12 to an array of HIV-1 high-mannose type oligosaccharides by competitive ELISAs and found that Man9GlcNAc is 210- and 74-fold more effective than Man5GlcNAc and Man6GlcNAc in binding to 2G12. The results establish that the larger high-mannose oligosaccharide on HIV-1 is the favorable subunit for 2G12 recognition. To mimic the putative epitope of 2G12, we have created scaffold-based multivalent Man9 clusters and found that the galactose-scaffolded bi-, tri-, and tetra-valent Man9 clusters are 7-, 22-, and 73-fold more effective in binding to 2G12 than the monomeric Man9GlcNAc2Asn. The experimental data shed light on further structural optimization of epitope mimics for developing a carbohydrate-based HIV-1 vaccine.	0
Abstract2class: Arginyltransferase ATE1 catalyzes midchain arginylation of proteins at side chain carboxylates in vivo Abstract: Arginylation is an emerging posttranslational modification mediated by Arg-tRNA-protein-transferase (ATE1). It is believed that ATE1 links Arg solely to the N terminus of proteins, requiring prior proteolysis or action by Met-aminopeptidases to expose the arginylated site. Here, we tested the possibility of Arg linkage to midchain sites within intact protein targets and found that many proteins in vivo are modified on the side chains of Asp and Glu by unconventional chemistry that targets the carboxy rather than the amino groups at the target sites. Such arginylation appears to be functionally regulated, and it can be directly mediated by ATE1, in addition to the more conventional ATE1-mediated linkage of Arg to the N-terminal alpha amino group. This midchain arginylation implies an unconventional mechanism of ATE1 action that likely facilitates its major biological role.	0
Abstract2class: Arginyltransferase is an ATP-independent self-regulating enzyme that forms distinct functional complexes in vivo Abstract: Posttranslational arginylation mediated by arginyl transferase (ATE1) plays an important role in cardiovascular development, cell motility, and regulation of cytoskeleton and metabolic enzymes. This protein modification was discovered decades ago, however, the arginylation reaction and the functioning of ATE1 remained poorly understood because of the lack of good biochemical models. Here, we report the development of an in vitro arginylation system, in which ATE1 function and molecular requirements can be tested using purified recombinant ATE1 isoforms supplemented with a controlled number of components. Our results show that arginylation reaction is a self-sufficient, ATP-independent process that can affect different sites in a polypeptide and that arginyl transferases form different molecular complexes in vivo, associate with components of the translation machinery, and have distinct, partially overlapping subsets of substrates, suggesting that these enzymes play different physiological functions.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic inositol phosphate analogs reveal that PPIP5K2 has a surface-mounted substrate capture site that is a target for drug discovery Abstract: Diphosphoinositol pentakisphosphate kinase 2 (PPIP5K2) is one of the mammalian PPIP5K isoforms responsible for synthesis of diphosphoinositol polyphosphates (inositol pyrophosphates; PP-InsPs), regulatory molecules that function at the interface of cell signaling and organismic homeostasis. The development of drugs that inhibit PPIP5K2 could have both experimental and therapeutic applications. Here, we describe a synthetic strategy for producing naturally occurring 5-PP-InsP4, as well as several inositol polyphosphate analogs, and we study their interactions with PPIP5K2 using biochemical and structural approaches. These experiments uncover an additional ligand-binding site on the surface of PPIP5K2, adjacent to the catalytic pocket. This site facilitates substrate capture from the bulk phase, prior to transfer into the catalytic pocket. In addition to demonstrating a "catch-and-pass" reaction mechanism in a small molecule kinase, we demonstrate that binding of our analogs to the substrate capture site inhibits PPIP5K2. This work suggests that the substrate-binding site offers new opportunities for targeted drug design.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of wall teichoic acid inhibitors as potential anti-MRSA β-lactam combination agents Abstract: Innovative strategies are needed to combat drug resistance associated with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Here, we investigate the potential of wall teichoic acid (WTA) biosynthesis inhibitors as combination agents to restore β-lactam efficacy against MRSA. Performing a whole-cell pathway-based screen, we identified a series of WTA inhibitors (WTAIs) targeting the WTA transporter protein, TarG. Whole-genome sequencing of WTAI-resistant isolates across two methicillin-resistant Staphylococci spp. revealed TarG as their common target, as well as a broad assortment of drug-resistant bypass mutants mapping to earlier steps of WTA biosynthesis. Extensive in vitro microbiological analysis and animal infection studies provide strong genetic and pharmacological evidence of the potential effectiveness of WTAIs as anti-MRSA β-lactam combination agents. This work also highlights the emerging role of whole-genome sequencing in antibiotic mode-of-action and resistance studies.	0
Abstract2class: Visualization of lipid metabolism in the zebrafish intestine reveals a relationship between NPC1L1-mediated cholesterol uptake and dietary fatty acid Abstract: The small intestine is the primary site of dietary lipid absorption in mammals. The balance of nutrients, microorganisms, bile, and mucus that determine intestinal luminal environment cannot be recapitulated ex vivo, thus complicating studies of lipid absorption. We show that fluorescently labeled lipids can be used to visualize and study lipid absorption in live zebrafish larvae. We demonstrate that the addition of a BODIPY-fatty acid to a diet high in atherogenic lipids enables imaging of enterocyte lipid droplet dynamics in real time. We find that a lipid-rich meal promotes BODIPY-cholesterol absorption into an endosomal compartment distinguishable from lipid droplets. We also show that dietary fatty acids promote intestinal cholesterol absorption by rapid re-localization of NPC1L1 to the intestinal brush border. These data illustrate the power of the zebrafish system to address longstanding questions in vertebrate digestive physiology.	0
Abstract2class: Compound prioritization methods increase rates of chemical probe discovery in model organisms Abstract: Preselection of compounds that are more likely to induce a phenotype can increase the efficiency and reduce the costs for model organism screening. To identify such molecules, we screened ~81,000 compounds in Saccharomyces cerevisiae and identified ~7500 that inhibit cell growth. Screening these growth-inhibitory molecules across a diverse panel of model organisms resulted in an increased phenotypic hit-rate. These data were used to build a model to predict compounds that inhibit yeast growth. Empirical and in silico application of the model enriched the discovery of bioactive compounds in diverse model organisms. To demonstrate the potential of these molecules as lead chemical probes, we used chemogenomic profiling in yeast and identified specific inhibitors of lanosterol synthase and of stearoyl-CoA 9-desaturase. As community resources, the ~7500 growth-inhibitory molecules have been made commercially available and the computational model and filter used are provided.	0
Abstract2class: Structure and Inhibition of Microbiome β-Glucuronidases Essential to the Alleviation of Cancer Drug Toxicity Abstract: The selective inhibition of bacterial β-glucuronidases was recently shown to alleviate drug-induced gastrointestinal toxicity in mice, including the damage caused by the widely used anticancer drug irinotecan. Here, we report crystal structures of representative β-glucuronidases from the Firmicutes Streptococcus agalactiae and Clostridium perfringens and the Proteobacterium Escherichia coli, and the characterization of a β-glucuronidase from the Bacteroidetes Bacteroides fragilis. While largely similar in structure, these enzymes exhibit marked differences in catalytic properties and propensities for inhibition, indicating that the microbiome maintains functional diversity in orthologous enzymes. Small changes in the structure of designed inhibitors can induce significant conformational changes in the β-glucuronidase active site. Finally, we establish that β-glucuronidase inhibition does not alter the serum pharmacokinetics of irinotecan or its metabolites in mice. Together, the data presented advance our in vitro and in vivo understanding of the microbial β-glucuronidases, a promising new set of targets for controlling drug-induced gastrointestinal toxicity.	0
Abstract2class: Convergent evolution of adenosine aptamers spanning bacterial, human, and random sequences revealed by structure-based bioinformatics and genomic SELEX Abstract: Aptamers are structured macromolecules in vitro evolved to bind molecular targets, whereas in nature they form the ligand-binding domains of riboswitches. Adenosine aptamers of a single structural family were isolated several times from random pools, but they have not been identified in genomic sequences. We used two unbiased methods, structure-based bioinformatics and human genome-based in vitro selection, to identify aptamers that form the same adenosine-binding structure in a bacterium, and several vertebrates, including humans. Two of the human aptamers map to introns of RAB3C and FGD3 genes. The RAB3C aptamer binds ATP with dissociation constants about 10 times lower than physiological ATP concentration, while the minimal FGD3 aptamer binds ATP only cotranscriptionally.	0
Abstract2class: Unraveling the B. pseudomallei Heptokinase WcbL: From Structure to Drug Discovery Abstract: Gram-negative bacteria utilize heptoses as part of their repertoire of extracellular polysaccharide virulence determinants. Disruption of heptose biosynthesis offers an attractive target for novel antimicrobials. A critical step in the synthesis of heptoses is their 1-O phosphorylation, mediated by kinases such as HldE or WcbL. Here, we present the structure of WcbL from Burkholderia pseudomallei. We report that WcbL operates through a sequential ordered Bi-Bi mechanism, loading the heptose first and then ATP. We show that dimeric WcbL binds ATP anti-cooperatively in the absence of heptose, and cooperatively in its presence. Modeling of WcbL suggests that heptose binding causes an elegant switch in the hydrogen-bonding network, facilitating the binding of a second ATP molecule. Finally, we screened a library of drug-like fragments, identifying hits that potently inhibit WcbL. Our results provide a novel mechanism for control of substrate binding and emphasize WcbL as an attractive anti-microbial target for Gram-negative bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Bypassing AMPK phosphorylation Abstract: AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) functions as a signaling hub to balance energy supply with demand. Phosphorylation of activation loop Thr172 has been considered as an essential step in AMPK activation. In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Scott and colleagues show that the small molecule direct AMPK activator, A-769662, bypasses this phosphorylation event and acts synergistically with AMP on naive AMPK.	0
Abstract2class: Dual-color click beetle luciferase heteroprotein fragment complementation assays Abstract: Understanding the functional complexity of protein interactions requires mapping biomolecular complexes within the cellular environment over biologically relevant time scales. Herein, we describe a set of reversible multicolored heteroprotein complementation fragments based on various firefly and click beetle luciferases that utilize the same substrate, D-luciferin. Luciferase heteroprotein fragment complementation systems enabled dual-color quantification of two discrete pairs of interacting proteins simultaneously or two distinct proteins interacting with a third shared protein in live cells. Using real-time analysis of click beetle green and click beetle red luciferase heteroprotein fragment complementation applied to β-TrCP, an E3-ligase common to the regulation of both β-catenin and IκBα, GSK3β was identified as a candidate kinase regulating IκBα processing. These dual-color protein interaction switches may enable directed dynamic analysis of a variety of protein interactions in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: Positive reinforcement for viruses Abstract: Virus-cell membrane fusion requires a critical transition from positive to negative membrane curvature. St. Vincent et al. (2010), in PNAS, designed a class of antivirals that targets this transition. These rigid amphipathic fusion inhibitors are active against an array of enveloped viruses.	0
Abstract2class: A structural view of the inactivation of the SARS coronavirus main proteinase by benzotriazole esters Abstract: The main proteinase (M(pro)) of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus is a principal target for the design of anticoronaviral compounds. Benzotriazole esters have been reported as potent nonpeptidic inhibitors of the enzyme, but their exact mechanism of action remains unclear. Here we present crystal structures of SARS-CoV M(pro), the active-site cysteine of which has been acylated by benzotriazole esters that act as suicide inhibitors. In one of the structures, the thioester product has been hydrolyzed and benzoic acid is observed to bind to the hydrophobic S2 pocket. This structure also features the enzyme with a shortened N-terminal segment ("amputated N finger"). The results further the understanding of the important role of the N finger for catalysis as well as the design of benzotriazole inhibitors with improved specificity.	0
Abstract2class: A nonpeptidic cathepsin S activity-based probe for noninvasive optical imaging of tumor-associated macrophages Abstract: Macrophage infiltration into tumors has been correlated with poor clinical outcome in multiple cancer types. Therefore, tools to image tumor-associated macrophages could be valuable for diagnosis and prognosis of cancer. Herein, we describe the synthesis and characterization of a cathepsin S-directed, quenched activity-based probe (qABP), BMV083. This probe makes use of an optimized nonpeptidic scaffold leading to enhanced in vivo properties relative to previously reported peptide-based probes. In a syngeneic breast cancer model, BMV083 provides high tumor-specific fluorescence that can be visualized using noninvasive optical imaging methods. Furthermore, analysis of probe-labeled cells demonstrates that the probe primarily targets macrophages with an M2 phenotype. Thus, BMV083 is a potential valuable in vivo reporter for tumor-associated macrophages that could greatly facilitate the future studies of macrophage function in the process of tumorigenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a eukaryotic reductive dechlorinase and characterization of its mechanism of action on its natural substrate Abstract: Chlorinated compounds are important environmental pollutants whose biodegradation may be limited by inefficient dechlorinating enzymes. Dictyostelium amoebae produce a chlorinated alkyl phenone called DIF which induces stalk cell differentiation during their multicellular development. Here we describe the identification of DIF dechlorinase. DIF dechlorinase is active when expressed in bacteria, and activity is lost from Dictyostelium cells when its gene, drcA, is knocked out. It has a K(m) for DIF of 88 nM and K(cat) of 6.7 s(-1). DrcA is related to glutathione S-transferases, but with a key asparagine-to-cysteine substitution in the catalytic pocket. When this change is reversed, the enzyme reverts to a glutathione S-transferase, thus suggesting a catalytic mechanism. DrcA offers new possibilities for the rational design of bioremediation strategies.	0
Abstract2class: MmpL genes are associated with mycolic acid metabolism in mycobacteria and corynebacteria Abstract: Mycolic acids are vital components of the cell wall of the tubercle bacillus Mycobacterium tuberculosis and are required for viability and virulence. While mycolic acid biosynthesis is studied extensively, components involved in mycolate transport remain unidentified. We investigated the role of large membrane proteins encoded by mmpL genes in mycolic acid transport in mycobacteria and the related corynebacteria. MmpL3 was found to be essential in mycobacteria and conditional depletion of MmpL3 in Mycobacterium smegmatis resulted in loss of cell wall mycolylation, and of the cell wall-associated glycolipid, trehalose dimycolate. In parallel, an accumulation of trehalose monomycolate (TMM) was observed, suggesting that mycolic acids were transported as TMM. In contrast to mycobacteria, we found redundancy in the role of two mmpL genes, in Corynebacterium glutamicum; a complete loss of trehalose-associated and cell wall bound corynomycolates was observed in an NCgl0228-NCgl2769 double mutant, but not in individual single mutants. Our studies highlight the role of mmpL genes in mycolic acid metabolism and identify potential new targets for anti-TB drug development.	0
Abstract2class: Single Amino Acid Variation Underlies Species-Specific Sensitivity to Amphibian Skin-Derived Opioid-like Peptides Abstract: It has been suggested that the evolution of vertebrate opioid receptors (ORs) follow a vector of increased functionality. Here, we test this idea by comparing human and frog ORs. Interestingly, some of the most potent opioid peptides known have been isolated from amphibian skin secretions. Here we show that such peptides (dermorphin and deltorphin) are highly potent in the human receptors and inactive in frog ORs. The molecular basis for the insensitivity of the frog ORs to these peptides was studied using chimeras and molecular modeling. The insensitivity of the delta OR (DOR) to deltorphin was due to variation of a single amino acid, Trp7.35, which is a leucine in mammalian DORs. Notably, Trp7.35 is completely conserved in all known DOR sequences from lamprey, fish, and amphibians. The deltorphin-insensitive phenotype was verified in fish. Our results provide a molecular explanation for the species selectivity of skin-derived opioid peptides.	0
Abstract2class: Dissecting fragment-based lead discovery at the von Hippel-Lindau protein:hypoxia inducible factor 1α protein-protein interface Abstract: Fragment screening is widely used to identify attractive starting points for drug design. However, its potential and limitations to assess the tractability of often challenging protein:protein interfaces have been underexplored. Here, we address this question by means of a systematic deconstruction of lead-like inhibitors of the pVHL:HIF-1α interaction into their component fragments. Using biophysical techniques commonly employed for screening, we could only detect binding of fragments that violate the Rule of Three, are more complex than those typically screened against classical druggable targets, and occupy two adjacent binding subsites at the interface rather than just one. Analyses based on ligand and group lipophilicity efficiency of anchored fragments were applied to dissect the individual subsites and probe for binding hot spots. The implications of our findings for targeting protein interfaces by fragment-based approaches are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Quantification of real-time Salmonella effector type III secretion kinetics reveals differential secretion rates for SopE2 and SptP Abstract: Gram-negative pathogenic bacteria such as Salmonella utilize the type III secretion system to inject bacterial effector proteins into a host cell. Upon entry, these effectors bind mammalian cell proteins, hijack cellular signaling pathways, and redirect cellular function, thus enabling bacterial infection. In this study we use the FlAsH/tetracysteine labeling system to fluorescently tag specific effectors in Salmonella to observe real-time secretion of these proteins into a mammalian host cell. The tetracysteine tag is genomically incorporated, thus preserving endogenous control of bacterial effectors. We demonstrate that two effectors, SopE2 and SptP, exhibit different secretion kinetics, as well as different rates of degradation within the host cell. These proteins respectively activate and suppress GTPase Cdc42, suggesting that there is a temporal hierarchy for effector delivery and persistence within the cell that is directly related to effector function.	0
Abstract2class: The antibiotic CJ-15,801 is an antimetabolite that hijacks and then inhibits CoA biosynthesis Abstract: The natural product CJ-15,801 is an inhibitor of Staphylococcus aureus, but not other bacteria. Its close structural resemblance to pantothenic acid, the vitamin precursor of coenzyme A (CoA), and its Michael acceptor moiety suggest that it irreversibly inhibits an enzyme involved in CoA biosynthesis or utilization. However, its mode of action and the basis for its specificity have not been elucidated to date. We demonstrate that CJ-15,801 is transformed by the uniquely selective S. aureus pantothenate kinase, the first CoA biosynthetic enzyme, into a substrate for the next enzyme, phosphopantothenoylcysteine synthetase, which is inhibited through formation of a tight-binding structural mimic of its native reaction intermediate. These findings reveal CJ-15,801 as a vitamin biosynthetic pathway antimetabolite with a mechanism similar to that of the sulfonamide antibiotics and highlight CoA biosynthesis as a viable antimicrobial drug target.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a Citrulline 4-Hydroxylase from Nonribosomal Peptide GE81112 Biosynthesis and Engineering of Its Substrate Specificity for the Chemoenzymatic Synthesis of Enduracididine Abstract: The GE81112 tetrapeptides are a small family of unusual nonribosomal peptide congeners with potent inhibitory activity against prokaryotic translation initiation. With the exception of the 3-hydroxy-l-pipecolic acid unit, little is known about the biosynthetic origins of the non-proteinogenic amino acid monomers of the natural product family. Here, we elucidate the biogenesis of the 4-hydroxy-l-citrulline unit and establish the role of an iron- and α-ketoglutarate-dependent enzyme (Fe/αKG) in the pathway. Homology modelling and sequence alignment analysis further facilitate the rational engineering of this enzyme to become a specific 4-arginine hydroxylase. We subsequently demonstrate the utility of this engineered enzyme in the synthesis of a dipeptide fragment of the antibiotic enduracidin. This work highlights the value of applying a bioinformatics-guided approach in the discovery of novel enzymes and engineering of new catalytic activity into existing ones.	0
Abstract2class: Higher Acenes by On-Surface Dehydrogenation: From Heptacene to Undecacene Abstract: A unified approach to the synthesis of the series of higher acenes up to previously unreported undecacene has been developed through the on-surface dehydrogenation of partially saturated precursors. These molecules could be converted into the parent acenes by both atomic manipulation with the tip of a scanning tunneling and atomic force microscope (STM/AFM) as well as by on-surface annealing. The structure of the generated acenes has been visualized by high-resolution non-contact AFM imaging and the evolution of the transport gap with the increase of the number of fused benzene rings has been determined on the basis of scanning tunneling spectroscopy (STS) measurements.	0
Abstract2class: From Stable PH-Ylides to α-Carbanionic Phosphines as Ligands for Zwitterionic Catalysts Abstract: Although ylides are commonly used reagents in organic synthesis, the parent methylphosphine MePH2 only exists in its phosphine form in the condensed phase. Its ylide tautomer H3 P+ -CH2 - is considerably higher in energy. Here, we report on the formation of bis(sulfonyl)methyl-substituted phosphines of the type (RO2 S)2 C(H)-PR2, which form stable PH ylides under ambient conditions, amongst the first examples of an acyclic phosphine which only exists in its PH ylide form. Depending on the exact substitution pattern the phosphines form an equilibrium between the PH ylide and the phosphine form or exist as one of both extremes. These phosphines were found to be ideal starting systems for the facile formation of α-carbanionic phosphines. The carbanion-functionalization leads to a switch from electron-poor to highly electron-rich phosphines with strong donor abilities and high basicities. Thus, the phosphines readily react with different electrophiles exclusively at the phosphorus atom and not at the carbanionic center. Furthermore, the anionic nature of the phosphines allows the formation of zwitterionic complexes as demonstrated by the isolation of a gold(I) complex with a cationic metal center. The cationic gold center allows for catalytic activity in the hydroamination of alkyne without requiring a further activation step.	0
Abstract2class: Intramolecular Tricarbonyl-Ene Reactions and α-Hydroxy-β-Diketone Rearrangements Inspired by the Biosynthesis of Polycyclic Polyprenylated Acylphloroglucinols Abstract: Structurally unique natural products pose biosynthetic puzzles whose solution can inspire new chemical reactions. Herein, we propose a unified biosynthetic pathway towards some complex meroterpenoids-the hyperireflexolides, biyoulactones, hybeanones and hypermonones. This hypothesis led to the discovery of uncatalyzed, intramolecular carbonyl-ene reactions that are spontaneous at room temperature. We also developed an anionic cascade reaction featuring an α-hydroxy-β-diketone rearrangement and an intramolecular aldol reaction to access four distinct natural product scaffolds from a common intermediate.	0
Abstract2class: Iodine-Catalysed Dissolution of Elemental Gold in Ethanol Abstract: Gold is a scarce element in the Earth's crust but indispensable in modern electronic devices. New, sustainable methods of gold recycling are essential to meet the growing eco-social demand of gold. Here, we describe a simple, inexpensive, and environmentally benign dissolution of gold under mild conditions. Gold dissolves quantitatively in ethanol using 2-mercaptobenzimidazole as a ligand in the presence of a catalytic amount of iodine. Mechanistically, the dissolution of gold begins when I2 oxidizes Au0 and forms a [AuI I2 ]- species, which undergoes subsequent ligand-exchange reactions and forms a stable bis-ligand AuI complex. H2 O2 oxidizes free iodide and regenerated I2 returns back to the catalytic cycle. Addition of a reductant to the reaction mixture precipitates gold quantitatively and partially regenerates the ligand. We anticipate our work will open a new pathway to more sustainable metal recycling with the utilization of just catalytic amounts of reagents and green solvents.	0
Abstract2class: Cooperative NHC/Photoredox Catalyzed Ring-Opening of Aryl Cyclopropanes to 1-Aroyloxylated-3-Acylated Alkanes Abstract: Cyclopropanes are an important class of building blocks in organic synthesis. Herein, a ring-opening/arylcarboxylation/acylation cascade reaction for the 1,3-difunctionalization of aryl cyclopropanes enabled by cooperative NHC and organophotoredox catalysis is reported. The cascade works on monosubstituted cyclopropanes that are in contrast to the heavily investigated donor-acceptor cyclopropanes more challenging to be difunctionalized. The key step is a radical/radical cross coupling of a benzylic radical generated in the photoredox catalysis cycle with a ketyl radical from the NHC catalysis cycle. The transformation features metal-free reaction conditions and tolerates a diverse range of functionalities.	0
Abstract2class: Precisely Tailoring Upconversion Dynamics via Energy Migration in Core-Shell Nanostructures Abstract: Upconversion emission dynamics have long been believed to be determined by the activator and its interaction with neighboring sensitizers. Herein this assumption is, however, shown to be invalid for nanostructures. We demonstrate that excitation energy migration greatly affects upconversion emission dynamics. "Dopant ions' spatial separation" nanostructures are designed as model systems and the intimate link between the random nature of energy migration and upconversion emission time behavior is unraveled by theoretical modelling and confirmed spectroscopically. Based on this new fundamental insight, we have successfully realized fine control of upconversion emission time behavior (either rise or decay process) by tuning the energy migration paths in various specifically designed nanostructures. This result is significant for applications of this type of materials in super resolution spectroscopy, high-density data storage, anti-counterfeiting, and biological imaging.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-Platform DNA Encoding for Single-Cell Imaging of Gene Expression Abstract: Integration of imaging data across different molecular target types can provide in-depth insight into cell physiology and pathology, but remains challenging owing to poor compatibility between target-type-specific labeling methods. We show that cross-platform imaging analysis can be readily achieved through DNA encoding of molecular targets, which translates the molecular identity of various target types into a uniform in situ array of ssDNA tags for subsequent labeling with complementary imaging probes. The concept was demonstrated through multiplexed imaging of mRNAs and their corresponding proteins with multicolor quantum dots. The results reveal heterogeneity of cell transfection with siRNA and outline disparity in RNA interference (RNAi) kinetics at the level of both the mRNA and the encoded protein.	0
Abstract2class: Semi-Rationally Designed Short Peptides Self-Assemble and Bind Hemin to Promote Cyclopropanation Abstract: The self-assembly of short peptides gives rise to versatile nanoassemblies capable of promoting efficient catalysis. We have semi-rationally designed a series of seven-residue peptides that form hemin-binding catalytic amyloids to facilitate enantioselective cyclopropanation with efficiencies that rival those of engineered hemin proteins. These results demonstrate that: 1) Catalytic amyloids can bind complex metallocofactors to promote practically important multisubstrate transformations. 2) Even essentially flat surfaces of amyloid assemblies can impart a substantial degree of enantioselectivity without the need for extensive optimization. 3) The ease of peptide preparation allows for straightforward incorporation of unnatural amino acids and the preparation of peptides made from d-amino acids with complete reversal of enantioselectivity.	0
Abstract2class: Alloying at a Subnanoscale Maximizes the Synergistic Effect on the Electrocatalytic Hydrogen Evolution Abstract: Bonding dissimilar elements to provide synergistic effects is an effective way to improve the performance of metal catalysts. However, as the properties become more dissimilar, achieving synergistic effects effectively becomes more difficult due to phase separation. Here we describe a comprehensive study on how subnanoscale alloying is always effective for inter-elemental synergy. Thirty-six combinations of both bimetallic subnanoparticles (SNPs) and nanoparticles (NPs) were studied systematically using atomic-resolution imaging and catalyst benchmarking based on the hydrogen evolution reaction (HER). Results revealed that SNPs always produce greater synergistic effects than NPs, the greatest synergistic effect was found for the combination of Pt and Zr. The atomic-scale miscibility and the associated modulation of electronic states at the subnanoscale were much different from those at the nanoscale, which was observed by annular-dark-field scanning transmission electron microscopy (ADF-STEM) and X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS), respectively.	0
Abstract2class: A Phototheranostic Strategy to Continuously Deliver Singlet Oxygen in the Dark and Hypoxic Tumor Microenvironment Abstract: Continuous irradiation during photodynamic therapy (PDT) inevitably induces tumor hypoxia, thereby weakening the PDT effect. In PDT-induced hypoxia, providing singlet oxygen from stored chemical energy may enhance the cell-killing effect and boost the therapeutic effect. Herein, we present a phototheranostic (DPPTPE@PEG-Py NPs) prepared by using a 2-pyridone-based diblock polymer (PEG-Py) to encapsulate a semiconducting, heavy-atom-free pyrrolopyrrolidone-tetraphenylethylene (DPPTPE) with high singlet-oxygen-generation ability both in dichloromethane and water. The PEG-Py can trap the 1 O2 generated from DPPTPE under laser irradiation and form a stable intermediate of endoperoxide, which can then release 1 O2 in the dark, hypoxic tumor microenvironment. Furthermore, fluorescence-imaging-guided phototherapy demonstrates that this phototheranostic could completely inhibit tumor growth with the help of laser irradiation.	0
Abstract2class: Gold(I)-Catalyzed Enantioselective Desymmetrization of 1,3-Diols through Intramolecular Hydroalkoxylation of Allenes Abstract: A gold(I)-catalyzed enantioselective desymmetrization of 1,3-diols was achieved by intramolecular hydroalkoxylation of allenes. The catalyst system 3-F-dppe(AuCl)2/(R)-C8-TRIPAg proved to be specifically efficient to promote the desymmetrizing cyclization of 2-aryl-1,3-diols, which have proven challenging substrates in previous reports. Multisubstituted tetrahydrofurans were prepared in good yield with good enantioselectivity and diastereoselectivity by this method.	0
Abstract2class: Skeletal Editing-Nitrogen Deletion of Secondary Amines by Anomeric Amide Reagents Abstract: Late-stage modification is highly desirable for the diversification and modification of biologically active compounds. Peripheral editing (e.g., C-H activation) has been the predominant methodology, whereas skeletal editing is in its infancy. The single-atom N-deletion using anomeric amide reagents constitutes a powerful tool to modify the underlying molecular skeletons of secondary amines. N-pivaloyloxy-N-alkoxyamide is easily prepared on a large scale and promotes C-C bond formation in good yields under the extrusion of N2 for a variety of (cyclic) aliphatic amines. The exploitation of widely available amines allows the use of existing amine synthesis protocols to translate into the construction of new C-C bonds, enabling ring contraction and the potential for structure optimization of biologically active compounds.	0
Abstract2class: Bacteriophage Tail-Tube Assembly Studied by Proton-Detected 4D Solid-State NMR Abstract: Obtaining unambiguous resonance assignments remains a major bottleneck in solid-state NMR studies of protein structure and dynamics. Particularly for supramolecular assemblies with large subunits (>150 residues), the analysis of crowded spectral data presents a challenge, even if three-dimensional (3D) spectra are used. Here, we present a proton-detected 4D solid-state NMR assignment procedure that is tailored for large assemblies. The key to recording 4D spectra with three indirect carbon or nitrogen dimensions with their inherently large chemical shift dispersion lies in the use of sparse non-uniform sampling (as low as 2 %). As a proof of principle, we acquired 4D (H)COCANH, (H)CACONH, and (H)CBCANH spectra of the 20 kDa bacteriophage tail-tube protein gp17.1 in a total time of two and a half weeks. These spectra were sufficient to obtain complete resonance assignments in a straightforward manner without use of previous solution NMR data.	0
Abstract2class: Selective Transformation of Nickel-Bound Formate to CO or C-C Coupling Products Triggered by Deprotonation and Steered by Alkali-Metal Ions Abstract: The complexes [LtBu Ni(OCO-κ2 O,C)]M3 [N(SiMe3 )2 ]2 (M=Li, Na, K), synthesized by deprotonation of a nickel formate complex [LtBu NiOOCH] with the corresponding amides M[N(SiMe3 )2 ], feature a NiII -CO2 2- core surrounded by Lewis-acidic cations (M+ ) and the influence of the latter on the behavior and reactivity was studied. The results point to a decrease of CO2 activation within the series Li, Na, and K, which is also reflected in the reactivity with Me3 SiOTf leading to the liberation of CO and formation of a Ni-OSiMe3 complex. Furthermore, in case of K+ , the {[K3 [N(SiMe3 )2 ]2 }+ shell around the Ni-CO2 2- entity was shown to have a large impact on its stabilization and behavior. If the number of K[N(SiMe3 )2 ] equivalents used in the reaction with [LtBu NiOOCH] is decreased from 3 to 0.5, the deprotonated part of the precursor enters a complex reaction sequence with formation of [LtBu NiI (μ-OOCH)NiI LtBu ]K and [LtBu Ni(C2 O4 )NiLtBu ]. The same reaction at higher concentrations additionally led to the formation of a unique hexanuclear NiII complex containing both oxalate and mesoxalate ([O2 C-CO2 -CO2 ]4- ) ligands.	0
Abstract2class: Cell-permeant and photocleavable chemical inducer of dimerization Abstract: Chemical inducers of dimerization (CIDs) have been developed to orchestrate protein dimerization and translocation. Here we present a novel photocleavable HaloTag- and SNAP-tag-reactive CID (MeNV-HaXS) with excellent selectivity and intracellular reactivity. Excitation at 360 nm cleaves the methyl-6-nitroveratryl core of MeNV-HaXS. MeNV-HaXS covalently links HaloTag- and SNAP-tag fusion proteins, and enables targeting of selected membranes and intracellular organelles. MeNV-HaXS-mediated translocation has been validated for plasma membrane, late endosomes, lysosomes, Golgi, mitochondria, and the actin cytoskeleton. Photocleavage of MeNV-HaXS liberates target proteins and provides access to optical manipulation of protein relocation with high spatiotemporal and subcellular precision. MeNV-HaXS supports kinetic studies of protein dynamics and the manipulation of subcellular enzyme activities, which is exemplified for Golgi-targeted cargo and the assessment of nuclear import kinetics.	0
Abstract2class: Protein Patterns and Oscillations on Lipid Monolayers and in Microdroplets Abstract: The Min proteins from E.coli position the bacterial cell-division machinery through pole-to-pole oscillations. In vitro, Min protein self-organization can be reconstituted in the presence of a lipid membrane as a catalytic surface. However, Min dynamics have so far not been reconstituted in fully membrane-enclosed volumes. Microdroplets interfaced by lipid monolayers were employed as a simple 3D mimic of cellular compartments to reconstitute Min protein oscillations. We demonstrate that lipid monolayers are sufficient to fulfil the catalytic role of the membrane and thus represent a facile platform to investigate Min protein regulated dynamics of the cell-division protein FtsZ-mts. In particular, we show that droplet containers reveal distinct Min oscillation modes, and reveal a dependence of FtsZ-mts structures on compartment size. Finally, co-reconstitution of Min proteins and FtsZ-mts in droplets yields antagonistic localization, thus demonstrating that droplets indeed support the analysis of complex bacterial self-organization in confined volumes.	0
Abstract2class: Elucidating CO2 Hydrogenation over In2 O3 Nanoparticles using Operando UV/Vis and Impedance Spectroscopies Abstract: In2 O3 has emerged as a promising catalyst for CO2 activation, but a fundamental understanding of its mode of operation in CO2 hydrogenation is still missing, as the application of operando vibrational spectroscopy is challenging due to absorption effects. In this mechanistic study, we systematically address the redox processes related to the reverse water-gas shift reaction (rWGSR) over In2 O3 nanoparticles, both at the surface and in the bulk. Based on temperature-dependent operando UV/Vis spectra and a novel operando impedance approach for thermal powder catalysts, we propose oxidation by CO2 as the rate-determining step for the rWGSR. The results are consistent with redox processes, whereby hydrogen-containing surface species are shown to exhibit a promoting effect. Our findings demonstrate that oxygen/hydrogen dynamics, in addition to surface processes, are important for the activity, which is expected to be of relevance not only for In2 O3 but also for other reducible oxide catalysts.	0
Abstract2class: Two-Step Synthesis of Heptacyclo[6.6.0.02,6 .03,13 .04,11 .05,9 .010,14 ] tetradecane from Norbornadiene: Mechanism of the Cage Assembly and Post-synthetic Functionalization Abstract: A selective and scalable two-step approach to the dimerization of norbornadiene (NBD) into its thermodynamically most stable dimer, heptacyclo[6.6.0.02,6 .03,13 .04,11 .05,9 .010,14 ] tetradecane, (HCTD) is reported. Calculations indicate that the reaction starts with the Rh-catalyzed stepwise homo Diels-Alder cyclisation of NBD into its exo-cis-endo dimer. Treatment of this compound with acid promotes its evolution to HCTD via a [1,2]-sigmatropic rearrangement. The assemblies of 7,12-disubstituted cages from 7-(alkyl/aryl) NBDs, as well as the selective post-synthetic C-H functionalization of the core HCTD scaffold at position C1, or positions C1 and C4 are described.	0
Abstract2class: 7-Step Flow Synthesis of the HIV Integrase Inhibitor Dolutegravir Abstract: Dolutegravir (DTG), an important active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV, has been synthesized in continuous flow. By adapting the reported GlaxoSmithKline process chemistry batch route for Cabotegravir, DTG was produced in 4.5 h in sequential flow operations from commercially available materials. Key features of the synthesis include rapid manufacturing time for pyridone formation, one-step direct amidation of a functionalized pyridone, and telescoping of multiple steps to avoid isolation of intermediates and enable for greater throughput.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a Citrulline 4-Hydroxylase from Nonribosomal Peptide GE81112 Biosynthesis and Engineering of Its Substrate Specificity for the Chemoenzymatic Synthesis of Enduracididine Abstract: The GE81112 tetrapeptides are a small family of unusual nonribosomal peptide congeners with potent inhibitory activity against prokaryotic translation initiation. With the exception of the 3-hydroxy-l-pipecolic acid unit, little is known about the biosynthetic origins of the non-proteinogenic amino acid monomers of the natural product family. Here, we elucidate the biogenesis of the 4-hydroxy-l-citrulline unit and establish the role of an iron- and α-ketoglutarate-dependent enzyme (Fe/αKG) in the pathway. Homology modelling and sequence alignment analysis further facilitate the rational engineering of this enzyme to become a specific 4-arginine hydroxylase. We subsequently demonstrate the utility of this engineered enzyme in the synthesis of a dipeptide fragment of the antibiotic enduracidin. This work highlights the value of applying a bioinformatics-guided approach in the discovery of novel enzymes and engineering of new catalytic activity into existing ones.	0
Abstract2class: Higher Acenes by On-Surface Dehydrogenation: From Heptacene to Undecacene Abstract: A unified approach to the synthesis of the series of higher acenes up to previously unreported undecacene has been developed through the on-surface dehydrogenation of partially saturated precursors. These molecules could be converted into the parent acenes by both atomic manipulation with the tip of a scanning tunneling and atomic force microscope (STM/AFM) as well as by on-surface annealing. The structure of the generated acenes has been visualized by high-resolution non-contact AFM imaging and the evolution of the transport gap with the increase of the number of fused benzene rings has been determined on the basis of scanning tunneling spectroscopy (STS) measurements.	0
Abstract2class: Precisely Tailoring Upconversion Dynamics via Energy Migration in Core-Shell Nanostructures Abstract: Upconversion emission dynamics have long been believed to be determined by the activator and its interaction with neighboring sensitizers. Herein this assumption is, however, shown to be invalid for nanostructures. We demonstrate that excitation energy migration greatly affects upconversion emission dynamics. "Dopant ions' spatial separation" nanostructures are designed as model systems and the intimate link between the random nature of energy migration and upconversion emission time behavior is unraveled by theoretical modelling and confirmed spectroscopically. Based on this new fundamental insight, we have successfully realized fine control of upconversion emission time behavior (either rise or decay process) by tuning the energy migration paths in various specifically designed nanostructures. This result is significant for applications of this type of materials in super resolution spectroscopy, high-density data storage, anti-counterfeiting, and biological imaging.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-Platform DNA Encoding for Single-Cell Imaging of Gene Expression Abstract: Integration of imaging data across different molecular target types can provide in-depth insight into cell physiology and pathology, but remains challenging owing to poor compatibility between target-type-specific labeling methods. We show that cross-platform imaging analysis can be readily achieved through DNA encoding of molecular targets, which translates the molecular identity of various target types into a uniform in situ array of ssDNA tags for subsequent labeling with complementary imaging probes. The concept was demonstrated through multiplexed imaging of mRNAs and their corresponding proteins with multicolor quantum dots. The results reveal heterogeneity of cell transfection with siRNA and outline disparity in RNA interference (RNAi) kinetics at the level of both the mRNA and the encoded protein.	0
Abstract2class: Gold(I)-Catalyzed Enantioselective Desymmetrization of 1,3-Diols through Intramolecular Hydroalkoxylation of Allenes Abstract: A gold(I)-catalyzed enantioselective desymmetrization of 1,3-diols was achieved by intramolecular hydroalkoxylation of allenes. The catalyst system 3-F-dppe(AuCl)2/(R)-C8-TRIPAg proved to be specifically efficient to promote the desymmetrizing cyclization of 2-aryl-1,3-diols, which have proven challenging substrates in previous reports. Multisubstituted tetrahydrofurans were prepared in good yield with good enantioselectivity and diastereoselectivity by this method.	0
Abstract2class: Bacteriophage Tail-Tube Assembly Studied by Proton-Detected 4D Solid-State NMR Abstract: Obtaining unambiguous resonance assignments remains a major bottleneck in solid-state NMR studies of protein structure and dynamics. Particularly for supramolecular assemblies with large subunits (>150 residues), the analysis of crowded spectral data presents a challenge, even if three-dimensional (3D) spectra are used. Here, we present a proton-detected 4D solid-state NMR assignment procedure that is tailored for large assemblies. The key to recording 4D spectra with three indirect carbon or nitrogen dimensions with their inherently large chemical shift dispersion lies in the use of sparse non-uniform sampling (as low as 2 %). As a proof of principle, we acquired 4D (H)COCANH, (H)CACONH, and (H)CBCANH spectra of the 20 kDa bacteriophage tail-tube protein gp17.1 in a total time of two and a half weeks. These spectra were sufficient to obtain complete resonance assignments in a straightforward manner without use of previous solution NMR data.	0
Abstract2class: Cell-permeant and photocleavable chemical inducer of dimerization Abstract: Chemical inducers of dimerization (CIDs) have been developed to orchestrate protein dimerization and translocation. Here we present a novel photocleavable HaloTag- and SNAP-tag-reactive CID (MeNV-HaXS) with excellent selectivity and intracellular reactivity. Excitation at 360 nm cleaves the methyl-6-nitroveratryl core of MeNV-HaXS. MeNV-HaXS covalently links HaloTag- and SNAP-tag fusion proteins, and enables targeting of selected membranes and intracellular organelles. MeNV-HaXS-mediated translocation has been validated for plasma membrane, late endosomes, lysosomes, Golgi, mitochondria, and the actin cytoskeleton. Photocleavage of MeNV-HaXS liberates target proteins and provides access to optical manipulation of protein relocation with high spatiotemporal and subcellular precision. MeNV-HaXS supports kinetic studies of protein dynamics and the manipulation of subcellular enzyme activities, which is exemplified for Golgi-targeted cargo and the assessment of nuclear import kinetics.	0
Abstract2class: Protein Patterns and Oscillations on Lipid Monolayers and in Microdroplets Abstract: The Min proteins from E.coli position the bacterial cell-division machinery through pole-to-pole oscillations. In vitro, Min protein self-organization can be reconstituted in the presence of a lipid membrane as a catalytic surface. However, Min dynamics have so far not been reconstituted in fully membrane-enclosed volumes. Microdroplets interfaced by lipid monolayers were employed as a simple 3D mimic of cellular compartments to reconstitute Min protein oscillations. We demonstrate that lipid monolayers are sufficient to fulfil the catalytic role of the membrane and thus represent a facile platform to investigate Min protein regulated dynamics of the cell-division protein FtsZ-mts. In particular, we show that droplet containers reveal distinct Min oscillation modes, and reveal a dependence of FtsZ-mts structures on compartment size. Finally, co-reconstitution of Min proteins and FtsZ-mts in droplets yields antagonistic localization, thus demonstrating that droplets indeed support the analysis of complex bacterial self-organization in confined volumes.	0
Abstract2class: 7-Step Flow Synthesis of the HIV Integrase Inhibitor Dolutegravir Abstract: Dolutegravir (DTG), an important active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV, has been synthesized in continuous flow. By adapting the reported GlaxoSmithKline process chemistry batch route for Cabotegravir, DTG was produced in 4.5 h in sequential flow operations from commercially available materials. Key features of the synthesis include rapid manufacturing time for pyridone formation, one-step direct amidation of a functionalized pyridone, and telescoping of multiple steps to avoid isolation of intermediates and enable for greater throughput.	0
Abstract2class: Development of an alkaloid-pyrone annulation: synthesis of pleiomaltinine Abstract: Odd Couple:                       Methodology for the synthesis of alkaloid-pyrones using a novel pyrone annulation of β–carbolines and indoles with 3-siloxy-4-pyrones is reported. The approach has enabled semisynthesis of the unprecedented alkaloid-pyrone pleiomaltinine from the plant-derived indole-alkaloid pleiocarpamine.	0
Abstract2class: Biphenyl-derived phosphepines as chiral nucleophilic catalysts: enantioselective [4+1] annulations to form functionalized cyclopentenes Abstract: Because of the frequent occurrence of cyclopentane subunits in bioactive compounds, the development of efficient catalytic asymmetric methods for their synthesis is an important objective. Introduced herein is a new family of chiral nucleophilic catalysts, biphenyl-derived phosphepines, and we apply them to an enantioselective variant of a useful [4+1] annulation. A range of one-carbon coupling partners can be employed, thereby generating cyclopentenes which bear a fully substituted stereocenter [either all-carbon or heteroatom-substituted (sulfur and phosphorus)]. Stereocenters at the other four positions of the cyclopentane ring can also be introduced with good stereoselectivity. An initial mechanistic study indicates that phosphine addition to the electrophilic four-carbon coupling partner is not the turnover-limiting step of the catalytic cycle.	0
Abstract2class: Metabolically Active, Fully Hydrolysable Polymersomes Abstract: The synthesis and aqueous self-assembly of a new class of amphiphilic aliphatic polyesters are presented. These AB block polyesters comprise polycaprolactone (hydrophobe) and an alternating polyester from succinic acid and an ether-substituted epoxide (hydrophile). They self-assemble into biodegradable polymersomes capable of entering cells. Their degradation products are bioactive, giving rise to differentiated cellular responses inducing stromal cell proliferation and macrophage apoptosis. Both effects emerge only when the copolymers enter cells as polymersomes and their magnitudes are size dependent.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective Tandem Cyclization of Alkyne-Tethered Indoles Using Cooperative Silver(I)/Chiral Phosphoric Acid Catalysis Abstract: Reported is the enantioselective synthesis of tetracyclic indolines using silver(I)/chiral phosphoric acid catalysis. A variety of alkyne-tethered indoles are suitable for this process. Mechanistic studies suggest that the in situ generated silver(I) chiral phosphate activates both the alkyne and the indole nucleophile in the initial cyclization step through an intermolecular hydrogen bond and the phosphate anion promotes proton transfer. In addition, further modifications of the cyclization products enabled stereochemistry-function studies of a series of bioactive indolines.	0
Abstract2class: Visualizing the stoichiometry of industrial-style Co-Mo-S catalysts with single-atom sensitivity Abstract: The functional properties of transition metal dichalcogenides (TMDs) may be promoted by the inclusion of other elements. Here, we studied the local stoichiometry of single cobalt promoter atoms in an industrial-style MoS2-based hydrotreating catalyst. Aberration-corrected scanning transmission electron microscopy and electron energy loss spectroscopy show that the Co atoms occupy sites at the (-100) S edge terminations of the graphite-supported MoS2 nanocrystals in the catalyst. Specifically, each Co atom has four neighboring S atoms that are arranged in a reconstructed geometry, which reflects an equilibrium state. The structure agrees with complementary studies of catalysts that were prepared under vastly different conditions and on other supports. In contrast, a small amount of residual Fe in the graphite is found to compete for the S edge sites, so that promotion by Co is strongly sensitive to the purity of the raw materials. The present single-atom-sensitive analytical method therefore offers a guide for advancing preparative methods for promoted TMD nanomaterials.	0
Abstract2class: Proteomic Analysis of Single Mammalian Cells Enabled by Microfluidic Nanodroplet Sample Preparation and Ultrasensitive NanoLC-MS Abstract: We report on the quantitative proteomic analysis of single mammalian cells. Fluorescence-activated cell sorting was employed to deposit cells into a newly developed nanodroplet sample processing chip, after which samples were analyzed by ultrasensitive nanoLC-MS. An average of circa 670 protein groups were confidently identified from single HeLa cells, which is a far greater level of proteome coverage for single cells than has been previously reported. We demonstrate that the single-cell proteomics platform can be used to differentiate cell types from enzyme-dissociated human lung primary cells and identify specific protein markers for epithelial and mesenchymal cells.	0
Abstract2class: Squaramide-catalyzed enantioselective Michael addition of diphenyl phosphite to nitroalkenes Abstract: Simple catalyst, high enantioselectivities. An easily prepared squaramide catalyst promotes highly enantioselective Michael addition reactions of diphenyl phosphite to a broad range of nitroalkenes, including those bearing acidic protons or sterically demanding aliphatic substituents. The methodology provides facile access to chiral β-nitro phosphonates, which are precursors to biologically active β-amino phosphonic acids.	0
Abstract2class: Polymeric Nanoparticles Amenable to Simultaneous Installation of Exterior Targeting and Interior Therapeutic Proteins Abstract: Effective delivery of therapeutic proteins is a formidable challenge. Herein, using a unique polymer family with a wide-ranging set of cationic and hydrophobic features, we developed a novel nanoparticle (NP) platform capable of installing protein ligands on the particle surface and simultaneously carrying therapeutic proteins inside by a self-assembly procedure. The loaded therapeutic proteins (e.g., insulin) within the NPs exhibited sustained and tunable release, while the surface-coated protein ligands (e.g., transferrin) were demonstrated to alter the NP cellular behaviors. In vivo results revealed that the transferrin-coated NPs can effectively be transported across the intestinal epithelium for oral insulin delivery, leading to a notable hypoglycemic response.	0
Abstract2class: Combined Amperometry and Electrochemical Cytometry Reveal Differential Effects of Cocaine and Methylphenidate on Exocytosis and the Fraction of Chemical Release Abstract: Amperometry with nanotip electrodes has been applied to show cocaine and methylphenidate not only trigger declines in vesicle content and exocytotic catecholamine release in a model cell line but also differentially change the fraction of transmitter released from each individual vesicle. In addition, cocaine accelerates exocytotic release dynamics while they remain unchanged after methylphenidate treatment. The parameters from pre-spike feet for the two drugs are also in opposition, suggesting this aspect of release is affected differentially. As cocaine and methylphenidate are psychostimulants with similar pharmacologic action but have opposite effects on cognition, these results might provide a missing link between the regulation of exocytosis and vesicles and the effect of this regulation on cognition, learning, and memory. A speculative chemical mechanism of the effect of these drugs on vesicle content and exocytosis is presented.	0
Abstract2class: A Simple and Versatile Amide Directing Group for C-H Functionalizations Abstract: Achieving selective C-H activation at a single and strategic site in the presence of multiple C-H bonds can provide a powerful and generally useful retrosynthetic disconnection. In this context, a directing group serves as a compass to guide the transition metal to C-H bonds by using distance and geometry as powerful recognition parameters to distinguish between proximal and distal C-H bonds. However, the installation and removal of directing groups is a practical drawback. To improve the utility of this approach, one can seek solutions in three directions: 1) Simplifying the directing group, 2) using common functional groups or protecting groups as directing groups, and 3) attaching the directing group to substrates via a transient covalent bond to render the directing group catalytic. This Review describes the rational development of an extremely simple and yet broadly applicable directing group for Pd(II) , Rh(III) , and Ru(II) catalysts, namely the N-methoxy amide (CONHOMe) moiety. Through collective efforts in the community, a wide range of C-H activation transformations using this type of simple directing group have been developed.	0
Abstract2class: Nanopharmacological Force Sensing to Reveal Allosteric Coupling in Transporter Binding Sites Abstract: Controversy regarding the number and function of ligand binding sites in neurotransmitter/sodium symporters arose from conflicting data in crystal structures and molecular pharmacology. Here, we have designed novel tools for atomic force microscopy that directly measure the interaction forces between the serotonin transporter (SERT) and the S- and R-enantiomers of citalopram on the single molecule level. This approach is based on force spectroscopy, which allows for the extraction of dynamic information under physiological conditions thus inaccessible via X-ray crystallography. Two distinct populations of characteristic binding strengths of citalopram to SERT were revealed in Na(+)-containing buffer. In contrast, in Li(+) -containing buffer, SERT showed only low force interactions. Conversely, the vestibular mutant SERT-G402H merely displayed the high force population. These observations provide physical evidence for the existence of two binding sites in SERT when accessed in a physiological context. Competition experiments revealed that these two sites are allosterically coupled and exert reciprocal modulation.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective functionalization of radical intermediates in redox catalysis: copper-catalyzed asymmetric oxytrifluoromethylation of alkenes Abstract: A method for the efficient enantioselective oxytrifluoromethylation of alkenes has been developed using a copper catalyst system. Mechanistic studies are consistent with a metal-catalyzed redox radical addition mechanism, in which a C–O bond is formed via the copper-mediated enantioselective trapping of a prochiral alkyl radical intermediate derived from the initial trifluoromethyl radical addition.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Carbocation Generation Enabled by the Mesolytic Cleavage of Alkoxyamine Radical Cations Abstract: A new catalytic method is described to access carbocation intermediates via the mesolytic cleavage of alkoxyamine radical cations. In this process, electron transfer between an excited state oxidant and a TEMPO-derived alkoxyamine substrate gives rise to a radical cation with a remarkably weak C-O bond. Spontaneous scission results in the formation of the stable nitroxyl radical TEMPO(.) as well as a reactive carbocation intermediate that can be intercepted by a wide range of nucleophiles. Notably, this process occurs under neutral conditions and at comparatively mild potentials, enabling catalytic cation generation in the presence of both acid sensitive and easily oxidized nucleophilic partners.	0
Abstract2class: Branched Aramid Nanofibers Abstract: Interconnectivity of components in three-dimensional networks (3DNs) is essential for stress transfer in hydrogels, aerogels, and composites. Entanglement of nanoscale components in the network relies on weak short-range intermolecular interactions. The intrinsic stiffness and rod-like geometry of nanoscale components limit the cohesive energy of the physical crosslinks in 3DN materials. Nature realizes networked gels differently using components with extensive branching. Branched aramid nanofibers (BANFs) mimicking polymeric components of biological gels were synthesized to produce 3DNs with high efficiency stress transfer. Individual BANFs are flexible, with the number of branches controlled by base strength in the hydrolysis process. The extensive connectivity of the BANFs allows them to form hydro- and aerogel monoliths with an order of magnitude less solid content than rod-like nanocomponents. Branching of nanofibers also leads to improved mechanics of gels and nanocomposites.	0
Abstract2class: A 3.3 Å-Resolution Structure of Hyperthermophilic Respiratory Complex III Reveals the Mechanism of Its Thermal Stability Abstract: Respiratory chain complexes convert energy by coupling electron flow to transmembrane proton translocation. Owing to a lack of atomic structures of cytochrome bc1 complex (Complex III) from thermophilic bacteria, little is known about the adaptations of this macromolecular machine to hyperthermophilic environments. In this study, we purified the cytochrome bc1 complex of Aquifex aeolicus, one of the most extreme thermophilic bacteria known, and determined its structure with and without an inhibitor at 3.3 Å resolution. Several residues unique for thermophilic bacteria were detected that provide additional stabilization for the structure. An extra transmembrane helix at the N-terminus of cyt. c1 was found to greatly enhance the interaction between cyt. b and cyt. c1 , and to bind a phospholipid molecule to stabilize the complex in the membrane. These results provide the structural basis for the hyperstability of the cytochrome bc1 complex in an extreme thermal environment.	0
Abstract2class: Building fluorescent DNA nanodevices on target living cell surfaces Abstract: We report 1) the anchoring of preformed fluorescent DNA nanodevices (NDs) and 2) the in situ self-assembly of fluorescent DNA NDs on target living cell surfaces. Three types of aptamer-tethered DNA NDs were built and anchored on target cell surfaces by specific target-aptamer association. The in situ nanodevice self-assembly was further demonstrated on the surfaces of target living cells in cell mixtures. These DNA NDs exhibited fluorescence emission and underwent fluorescence energy transfer on living cell surfaces.	0
Abstract2class: Five-membered cyclic metal carbyne: synthesis of osmapentalynes by the reactions of osmapentalene with allene, alkyne, and alkene Abstract: The synthesis of small cyclic metal carbynes is challenging due to the large angle strain associated with the highly distorted nonlinear triple bonds. Herein, we report a general route for the synthesis of five-membered cyclic metal carbyne complexes, osmapentalynes, by the reactions of an osmapentalene derivative with allene, alkyne, and alkene. Experimental observations and theoretical calculations document the aromaticity in the fused five-membered rings of osmapentalynes. The realization of transforming osmapentalene to osmapentalyne through this general route would not only allow further exploration of metallapentalyne chemistry but also show promising applications of this novel aromatic system with broad absorption band and high molar absorption coefficient.	0
Abstract2class: Reconstitution of Low-Density Lipoproteins with Fatty Acids for the Targeted Delivery of Drugs into Cancer Cells Abstract: Low-density lipoproteins (LDLs) are a class of nanocarriers for the targeted delivery of therapeutics into aberrant cells that overexpress the LDL receptor. A facile procedure is used for reconstituting the hydrophobic core of LDLs with a binary fatty acid mixture. Facilitated by the tumor targeting capability of the apolipoprotein, the reconstituted, drug-loaded LDLs can effectively target cancer cells that overexpress the LDL receptor while showing minor adverse impact on normal fibroblasts. According to a hypothesized mechanism, the reconstituted LDLs can also enable metabolism-triggered drug release while preventing the payloads from lysosomal degradation. This study demonstrates that LDLs reconstructed with fatty acids hold great promise to serve as effective and versatile nanocarriers for targeted cancer therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Olefin-Directed Palladium-Catalyzed Regio- and Stereoselective Oxidative Arylation of Allenes Abstract: An olefin-directed palladium-catalyzed oxidative regio- and stereoselective arylation of allenes to afford 1,3,6-trienes has been established. A number of functionalized allenes, including 2,3- and 3,4-dienoates and 3,4-dienol derivatives, have been investigated and found to undergo the olefin-directed allene arylation. The olefin moiety has been proven to be a crucial element for the arylating transformation.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective Synthesis of the Cyclopiazonic Acid Family Using Sulfur Ylides Abstract: A convergent, nine-step (LLS), enantioselective synthesis of α-cyclopiazonic acid and related natural products is reported. The route features a) an enantioselective aziridination of an imine with a chiral sulfur ylide; b) a bioinspired (3+2)-cycloaddition of the aziridine onto an alkene; and c) installation of the acetyltetramic acid by an unprecedented tandem carbonylative lactamization/N-O cleavage of a bromoisoxazole.	0
Abstract2class: Coherent multidimensional vibrational spectroscopy of biomolecules: concepts, simulations, and challenges Abstract: The response of complex molecules to sequences of femtosecond infrared pulses provides a unique window into their structure, dynamics, and fluctuating environments. Herein we survey the basic principles of modern two-dimensional infrared (2DIR) spectroscopy, which analogous to those of multidimensional NMR spectroscopy. The perturbative approach for computing the nonlinear optical response of coupled localized chromophores is introduced and applied to the amide backbone transitions of proteins, liquid water, membrane lipids, and amyloid fibrils. The signals are analyzed using classical molecular dynamics simulations combined with an effective fluctuating Hamiltonian for coupled localized anharmonic vibrations whose dependence on the local electrostatic environment is parameterized by an ab initio map. Several simulation methods, (cumulant expansion of Gaussian fluctuation, quasiparticle scattering, the stochastic Liouville equations, direct numerical propagation) are surveyed. Chirality-induced techniques which dramatically enhance the resolution are demonstrated. Signatures of conformational and hydrogen-bonding fluctuations, protein folding, and chemical-exchange processes are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Control of the conductance of engineered protein nanopores through concerted loop motions Abstract: Protein nanopores have attracted much interest for nucleic acid sequencing, chemical sensing, and protein folding at the single molecule level. The outer membrane protein OmpG from E. coli stands out because it forms a nanopore from a single polypeptide chain. This property allows the separate engineering of each of the seven extracellular loops that control access to the pore. The longest of these loops, loop 6, has been recognized as the main gating loop that closes the pore at low pH values and opens it at high pH values. A method was devised to pin each of the loops to the embedding membrane and measure the single-pore conductances of the resulting constructs. The electrophysiological and complementary NMR measurements show that the pinning of individual loops alters the structure and dynamics of neighboring and distant loops in a correlated fashion. Pinning loop 6 generates a constitutively open pore and patterns of concerted loop motions control access to the OmpG nanopore.	0
Abstract2class: Programmable Nanoassemblies from Non-Assembling Homopolymers Using Ad Hoc Electrostatic Interactions Abstract: Robust nanostructures were obtained from polymers that otherwise do not assemble by using a novel approach based on electrostatic self-assembly. The essence of this strategy involves the use of divalent counterions to temporarily perturb the packing features of the ionic groups in a homopolymer, which results in a vesicle-like structure that is captured in situ through a simple crosslinking reaction. The fidelity of the assembly has been tested for molecular transport across the nanomembrane, both for the molecules encapsulated in the lumen and for those trapped in the membrane itself. The membranes are addressable for robust multifunctionalization of their surfaces and for tunable transmembrane molecular transport.	0
Abstract2class: Synchronous Chemoradiation Nanovesicles by X-Ray Triggered Cascade of Drug Release Abstract: The approach of concurrent-to-synchronous chemoradiation has now been advanced by well-designed nanovesicles that permit X-ray irradiation-triggered instant drug release. The nanovesicles consist of Au nanoparticles tethered with irradiation labile linoleic acid hydroperoxide (LAHP) molecules and oxidation-responsive poly(propylene sulfide)-poly(ethylene glycol) (PPS-PEG) polymers, where DOX were loaded in the inner core of the vesicles (Au-LAHP-vDOX). Upon irradiation, the in situ formation of hydroxyl radicals from LAHP molecules triggers the internal oxidation of PPS from being hydrophobic to hydrophilic, leading to degradation of the vesicles and burst release of cargo drugs. In this manner, synchronous chemoradiation showed impressive anticancer efficacy both in vitro and in a subcutaneous mouse tumor model by one-dose injection and one-time irradiation.	0
Abstract2class: Activatable Singlet Oxygen Generation from Lipid Hydroperoxide Nanoparticles for Cancer Therapy Abstract: Reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced apoptosis is a widely practiced strategy for cancer therapy. Although photodynamic therapy (PDT) takes advantage of the spatial-temporal control of ROS generation, the meticulous participation of light, photosensitizer, and oxygen greatly hinders the broad application of PDT as a first-line cancer treatment option. An activatable system has been developed that enables tumor-specific singlet oxygen (1 O2 ) generation for cancer therapy, based on a Fenton-like reaction between linoleic acid hydroperoxide (LAHP) tethered on iron oxide nanoparticles (IO NPs) and the released iron(II) ions from IO NPs under acidic-pH condition. The IO-LAHP NPs are able to induce efficient apoptotic cancer cell death both in vitro and in vivo through tumor-specific 1 O2 generation and subsequent ROS mediated mechanism. This study demonstrates the effectiveness of modulating biochemical reactions as a ROS source to exert cancer death.	0
Abstract2class: Charging OBO-Fused Double [5]Helicene with Electrons Abstract: Chemical reduction of OBO-fused double[5]helicene with Group 1 metals (Na and K) has been investigated for the first time. Two doubly-reduced products have been isolated and structurally characterized by single-crystal X-ray diffraction, revealing a solvent-separated ion triplet (SSIT) with Na+ ions and a contact-ion pair (CIP) with K+ ion. As the key structural outcome, the X-ray crystallographic analysis discloses the consequences of adding two electrons to the double helicene core in the SSIT without metal binding and reveals the preferential binding site in the CIP with K+ counterions. In both products, an increase in the twisting of the double helicene core upon charging was observed. The negative charge localization at the central core has been identified by theoretical calculations, which are in full agreement with X-ray crystallographic and NMR spectroscopic results. Notably, it was confirmed that the two-electron reduction of OBO-fused double[5]helicene is reversible.	0
Abstract2class: CuH-Catalyzed Asymmetric Hydroamidation of Vinylarenes Abstract: A CuH-catalyzed enantioselective hydroamidation reaction of vinylarenes has been developed using readily accessible 1,4,2-dioxazol-5-ones as electrophilic amidating reagents. This method provides a straightforward and efficient approach to synthesize chiral amides in good yields with high levels of enantiopurity under mild conditions. Moreover, this transformation tolerates substrates bearing a broad range of functional groups.	0
Abstract2class: Macrodiolide formation by the thioesterase of a modular polyketide synthase Abstract: Elaiophylin is an unusual C2 -symmetric antibiotic macrodiolide produced on a bacterial modular polyketide synthase assembly line. To probe the mechanism and selectivity of diolide formation, we sought to reconstitute ring formation in vitro by using a non-natural substrate. Incubation of recombinant elaiophylin thioesterase/cyclase with a synthetic pentaketide analogue of the presumed monomeric polyketide precursor of elaiophylin, specifically its N-acetylcysteamine thioester, produced a novel 16-membered C2 -symmetric macrodiolide. A linear dimeric thioester is an intermediate in ring formation, which indicates iterative use of the thioesterase active site in ligation and subsequent cyclization. Furthermore, the elaiophylin thioesterase acts on a mixture of pentaketide and tetraketide thioesters to give both the symmetric decaketide diolide and the novel asymmetric hybrid nonaketide diolide. Such thioesterases have potential as tools for the in vitro construction of novel diolides.	0
Abstract2class: Nickel-Catalyzed Chemo- and Enantioselective Coupling between Cyclobutanones and Allenes: Rapid Synthesis of [3.2.2] Bicycles Abstract: Herein an intramolecular nickel-catalyzed (4+2) coupling between cyclobutanones and allenes, by C-C cleavage, is reported. The reaction provides a distinct approach for accessing [3.2.2] bicyclic scaffolds which are challenging to prepare through conventional approaches. The reaction is efficient, chemoselective, and pH/redox neutral. Room temperature conditions and low catalyst loadings can be adopted. Excellent enantioselectivity is also achieved.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of Bridged Cyclopentane Derivatives by Catalytic Decarbonylative Cycloaddition of Cyclobutanones and Olefins Abstract: Herein, we report an intramolecular rhodium-catalyzed decarbonylative coupling between cyclobutanones and alkenes that proceeds by C-C activation and provides a distinct approach to a diverse range of saturated bridged cyclopentane derivatives. In this reaction, cyclobutanones serve as cyclopropane surrogates, reacting in a formal (4+2-1) transformation. To demonstrate the efficacy of this method, it was applied in a concise synthesis of the antifungal drug Tolciclate.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoselective Alteration of Fluorophore Scaffolds as a Strategy for the Development of Ratiometric Chemodosimeters Abstract: Ratiometric sensors generally couple binding events or chemical reactions at a distal site to changes in the fluorescence of a core fluorophore scaffold. However, such approaches are often hindered by spectral overlap of the product and reactant species. We provide a strategy to design ratiometric sensors that display dramatic spectral shifts by leveraging the chemoselective reactivity of novel functional groups inserted within fluorophore scaffolds. As a proof-of-principle, fluorophores containing a borinate (RF620 ) or silanediol (SiOH2R) functionality at the bridging position of the xanthene ring system are developed as endogenous H2 O2 sensors. Both these fluorophores display far-red to near-infrared excitation and emission prior to reaction. Upon oxidation by H2 O2 both sensors are chemically converted to tetramethylrhodamine, producing significant (≥66 nm) blue-shifts in excitation and emission maxima. This work provides a new concept for the development of ratiometric probes.	0
Abstract2class: Surface Plasmon Resonance Microscopy: From Single-Molecule Sensing to Single-Cell Imaging Abstract: Surface plasmon resonance microscopy (SPRM) is a versatile platform for chemical and biological sensing and imaging. Great progress in exploring its applications, ranging from single-molecule sensing to single-cell imaging, has been made. In this Minireview, we introduce the principles and instrumentation of SPRM. We also summarize the broad and exciting applications of SPRM to the analysis of single entities. Finally, we discuss the challenges and limitations associated with SPRM and potential solutions.	0
Abstract2class: Enhanced Cytosolic Delivery and Release of CRISPR/Cas9 by Black Phosphorus Nanosheets for Genome Editing Abstract: A biodegradable two-dimensional (2D) delivery platform based on loading black phosphorus nanosheets (BPs) with Cas9 ribonucleoprotein engineered with three nuclear localization signals (NLSs) at C terminus (Cas9N3) is successfully established. The Cas9N3-BPs enter cells effectively via membrane penetration and endocytosis pathways, followed by a BPs biodegradation-associated endosomal escape and cytosolic releases of the loaded Cas9N3 complexes. The Cas9N3-BPs thus provide efficient genome editing and gene silencing in vitro and in vivo at a relatively low dose as compared with other nanoparticle-based delivery platforms. This biodegradable 2D delivery platform offers a versatile cytosolic delivery approach for CRISPR/Cas9 ribonucleoprotein and other bioactive macromolecules for biomedical applications.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient Room-Temperature Activation of Methane by TaN(+) under C-N Coupling Abstract: The thermal reaction of diatomic tantalum nitride cation [TaN](+) with methane has been explored using FT-ICR mass spectrometry complemented by high-level quantum chemical calculation; based on this combined experimental/computational approach, mechanistic aspects of this novel, highly efficient C-N coupling process have been uncovered. In distinct contrast to [TaN](+) , its lighter congeners [VN](+) and [NbN](+) are inert towards methane under ambient conditions, and the origins of the remarkably variable efficiencies of the three metal nitrides are uncovered by CCSD(T) calculations.	0
Abstract2class: Direct synthesis of fluorinated heteroarylether bioisosteres Abstract: This work delineates a method for the modular synthesis of reagents that are capable of direct incorporation of difluoroalkyl groups onto heterocycles. The scope and generality of this method is exemplified with the difluoroethyl group (along with the introduction of a new reagent for difluoroethylation, DFES-Na) and a proof of principle is shown for a general synthesis of fluorinated heteroarylether bioisosteres.	0
Abstract2class: N-Carboxyanhydride Polymerization of Glycopolypeptides That Activate Antigen-Presenting Cells through Dectin-1 and Dectin-2 Abstract: The C-type lectins dectin-1 and dectin-2 contribute to innate immunity against microbial pathogens by recognizing their foreign glycan structures. These receptors are promising targets for vaccine development and cancer immunotherapy. However, currently available agonists are heterogeneous glycoconjugates and polysaccharides from natural sources. Herein, we designed and synthesized the first chemically defined ligands for dectin-1 and dectin-2. They comprised glycopolypeptides bearing mono-, di-, and trisaccharides and were built through polymerization of glycosylated N-carboxyanhydrides. Through this approach, we achieved glycopolypeptides with high molecular weights and low dispersities. We identified structures that elicit a pro-inflammatory response through dectin-1 or dectin-2 in antigen-presenting cells. With their native proteinaceous backbones and natural glycosidic linkages, these agonists are attractive for translational applications.	0
Abstract2class: Regulating the Rate of Molecular Self-Assembly for Targeting Cancer Cells Abstract: Besides tight and specific ligand-receptor interactions, the rate regulation of the formation of molecular assemblies is one of fundamental features of cells. But the latter receives little exploration for developing anticancer therapeutics. Here we show that a simple molecular design of the substrates of phosphatases-tailoring the number of phosphates on peptidic substrates-is able to regulate the rate of molecular self-assembly of the enzyme reaction product. Such a rate regulation allows selective inhibition of osteosarcoma cells over hepatocytes, which promises to target cancer cells in a specific organ. Moreover, our result reveals that the direct measurement of the rate of the self-assembly in a cell-based assay provides precise assessment of the cell targeting capability of self-assembly. This work, as the first report establishing rate regulation of a multiple-step process to inhibit cells selectively, illustrates a fundamentally new approach for controlling the fate of cells.	0
Abstract2class: A Two-Dimensional Zirconium Carbide by Selective Etching of Al3C3 from Nanolaminated Zr3Al3C5 Abstract: The room-temperature synthesis of a new two-dimensional (2D) zirconium-containing carbide, Zr3C2T(z) MXene is presented. In contrast to traditional preparation of MXene, the layered ternary Zr3Al3C5 material instead of MAX phases is used as source under hydrofluoric acid treatment. The structural, mechanical, and electronic properties of the synthesized 2D carbide are investigated, combined with first-principles density functional calculations. A comparative study on the structrual stability of our obtained 2D Zr3C2T(z) and Ti3C2T(z) MXenes at elevated temperatures is performed. The obtained 2D Zr3C2T(z) exhibits relatively better ability to maintain 2D nature and strucural integrity compared to Ti-based Mxene. The difference in structural stability under high temperature condition is explained by a theoretical investigation on binding energy.	0
Abstract2class: Proton-detected solid-state NMR spectroscopy of natural-abundance peptide and protein pharmaceuticals Abstract: The natural way: A sensitive NMR spectroscopic method is developed to obtain well-resolved two-dimensional spectra ((15)N-(1)H and (13)C-(1)H) for natural-abundance (that is, without the need for isotopic enrichment) large-molecule samples, such as biopharmaceuticals. This method gives structural insights on two lyophilized aprotinin samples and three insulin samples in lyophilized, microcrystalline suspension formulation (red; see picture) and fibril (green) forms.	0
Abstract2class: Collisional and Coulombic unfolding of gas-phase proteins: high correlation to their domain structures in solution Abstract: The three-dimensional structures adopted by proteins are predicated by their many biological functions. Mass spectrometry has played a rapidly expanding role in protein structure discovery, enabling the generation of models for both proteins and their higher-order assemblies. While important coursed-grained insights have been generated, relatively few examples exist where mass spectrometry has been successfully applied to the characterization of protein tertiary structure. Here, we demonstrate that gas-phase unfolding can be used to determine the number of autonomously folded domains within monomeric proteins. Our ion mobility-mass spectrometry data highlight a strong, positive correlation between the number of protein unfolding transitions observed in the gas phase and the number of known domains within a group of sixteen proteins ranging from 8-78 kDa. This correlation and its potential uses for structural biology is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Energy Transfer between Spatially Separated Entangled Molecules Abstract: Light-matter strong coupling allows for the possibility of entangling the wave functions of different molecules through the light field. We hereby present direct evidence of non-radiative energy transfer well beyond the Förster limit for spatially separated donor and acceptor cyanine dyes strongly coupled to a cavity. The transient dynamics and the static spectra show an energy transfer efficiency approaching 37 % for donor-acceptor distances ≥100 nm. In such systems, the energy transfer process becomes independent of distance as long as the coupling strength is maintained. This is consistent with the entangled and delocalized nature of the polaritonic states.	0
Abstract2class: Esterase-Sensitive Prodrugs with Tunable Release Rates and Direct Generation of Hydrogen Sulfide Abstract: Prodrugs that release hydrogen sulfide upon esterase-mediated cleavage of an ester group followed by lactonization are described herein. By modifying the ester group and thus its susceptibility to esterase, and structural features critical to the lactonization rate, H2 S release rates can be tuned. Such prodrugs directly release hydrogen sulfide without the involvement of perthiol species, which are commonly encountered with existing H2 S donors. Additionally, such prodrugs can easily be conjugated to another non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent, leading to easy synthesis of hybrid prodrugs. As a biological validation of the H2 S prodrugs, the anti-inflammatory effects of one such prodrug were examined by studying its ability to inhibit LPS-induced TNF-α production in RAW 264.7 cells. This type of H2 S prodrugs shows great potential as both research tools and therapeutic agents.	0
Abstract2class: Wolff Rearrangement of Oxidatively Generated α-Oxo Gold Carbenes: An Effective Approach to Silylketenes Abstract: Gold-catalyzed oxidations of alkynes by N-oxides offer direct access to reactive α-oxo gold carbene intermediates from benign and readily available alkynes instead of hazardous diazo carbonyl compounds. Despite various versatile synthetic methods developed based on this strategy, one of the hallmarks of α-oxo carbene/carbenoid chemistry, that is, the Wolff rearrangement, has not been realized in this context. This study discloses the first examples that show the Wolff rearrangement can be readily realized by α-oxo gold carbenes oxidatively generated from TBS-terminated alkynes (TBS=tert-butyldimethylsilyl). The thus-generated silylketenes can be either isolated pure or subsequently trapped by various internal or external nucleophiles in one pot to afford α-silylated carboxylic acids, their derivatives, or TBS-substituted allenes.	0
Abstract2class: Redox-Active Reagents for Photocatalytic Generation of the OCF3 Radical and (Hetero)Aryl C-H Trifluoromethoxylation Abstract: The trifluoromethoxy (OCF3 ) radical is of great importance in organic chemistry. Yet, the catalytic and selective generation of this radical at room temperature and pressure remains a longstanding challenge. Herein, the design and development of a redox-active cationic reagent (1) that enables the formation of the OCF3 radical in a controllable, selective, and catalytic fashion under visible-light photocatalytic conditions is reported. More importantly, the reagent allows catalytic, intermolecular C-H trifluoromethoxylation of a broad array of (hetero)arenes and biorelevant compounds. Experimental and computational studies suggest single electron transfer (SET) from excited photoredox catalysts to 1 resulting in exclusive liberation of the OCF3 radical. Addition of this radical to (hetero)arenes gives trifluoromethoxylated cyclohexadienyl radicals that are oxidized and deprotonated to afford the products of trifluoromethoxylation.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic C-H Trifluoromethoxylation of Arenes and Heteroarenes Abstract: The intermolecular C-H trifluoromethoxylation of arenes remains a long-standing and unsolved problem in organic synthesis. Herein, we report the first catalytic protocol employing a novel trifluoromethoxylating reagent and redox-active catalysts for the direct (hetero)aryl C-H trifluoromethoxylation. Our approach is operationally simple, proceeds at room temperature, uses easy-to-handle reagents, requires only 0.03 mol % of redox-active catalysts, does not need specialized reaction apparatus, and tolerates a wide variety of functional groups and complex structures such as sugars and natural product derivatives. Importantly, both ground-state and photoexcited redox-active catalysts are effective. Detailed computational and experimental studies suggest a unique reaction pathway where photoexcitation of the trifluoromethoxylating reagent releases the OCF3 radical that is trapped by (hetero)arenes. The resulting cyclohexadienyl radicals are oxidized by redox-active catalysts and deprotonated to form the desired products of trifluoromethoxylation.	0
Abstract2class: Porous metal carboxylate boron imidazolate frameworks Abstract: Integrated Material for Efficient CO2 Storage A new family of porous materials with tunable gas sorption properties have been made by integrating metal carboxylates and boron imidazolates under hydro- or solvothermal conditions. One hydrothermally synthesized phase exhibits a very high volumetric CO2 storage capacity at 81 L/L (273K, 1atm).	0
Abstract2class: Cooperative assembly of three-ring-based zeolite-type metal-organic frameworks and Johnson-type dodecahedra Abstract: Two birds with one stone One synthetic strategy led to the preparation of both 3-ring-based zeolite-type metal-organic frameworks (NPO-type) and Johnson-type metal-organic polyhedra. The strategy is based on the cooperative assembly of 4-connected indium nodes with two symmetry-complementary ligands (one serves to generate 3-rings and the other crosslinks 3-rings). Photocatalytic H2 production experiments demonstrated these NPO-zeolite compounds behave as semiconductors and exhibit photocatalytic activity for the generation of dihydrogen from water under ultraviolet irradiation.	0
Abstract2class: Following the Reaction of Heteroanions inside a {W18O56} Polyoxometalate Nanocage by NMR Spectroscopy and Mass Spectrometry Abstract: By incorporating phosphorus(III)-based anions into a polyoxometalate cage, a new type of tungsten-based unconventional Dawson-like cluster, [W18O56(HP(III)O3)2(H2O)2](8-), was isolated, in which the reaction of the two phosphite anions [HPO3](2-) within the {W18O56} cage could be followed spectroscopically. As well as full X-ray crystallographic analysis, we studied the reactivity of the cluster using both solution-state NMR spectroscopy and mass spectrometry. These techniques show that the cluster undergoes a structural rearrangement in solution whereby the {HPO3} moieties dimerize to form a weakly interacting (O3PH⋅⋅⋅HPO3) moiety. In the crystalline state the cluster exhibits a thermally triggered oxidation of the two P(III) template moieties to form P(V) centers (phosphite to phosphate), commensurate with the transformation of the cage into a Wells-Dawson {W18O54} cluster.	0
Abstract2class: Thermoset Shape-Memory Polyurethane with Intrinsic Plasticity Enabled by Transcarbamoylation Abstract: Thermoset polymers are known for their superior thermomechanical properties, but the chemical crosslinking typically leads to intractability. This is reflected in the great differences between thermoset and thermoplastic shape-memory polymers; the former exhibit a robust shape memory but are not capable of redefining the permanent shape. Contrary to current knowledge, we reveal here that a classical thermoset shape-memory polyurethane is readily capable of permanent reshaping (plasticity) after a topological network rearrangement that is induced by transcarbamoylation. By employing the Jianzhi technique (also known as kirigami), unexpected shape-shifting versatility was observed for this otherwise classical material. As the essential carbamate moiety in polyurethanes is one of the most common polymer building units, we anticipate that our finding will have significant benefits beyond shape shifting.	0
Abstract2class: The siRNAsome: A Cation-Free and Versatile Nanostructure for siRNA and Drug Co-delivery Abstract: Nanoparticles show great potential for drug delivery. However, suitable nanostructures capable of loading a range of drugs together with the co-delivery of siRNAs, which avoid the problem of cation-associated cytotoxicity, are lacking. Herein, we report an small interfering RNA (siRNA)-based vesicle (siRNAsome), which consists of a hydrophilic siRNA shell, a thermal- and intracellular-reduction-sensitive hydrophobic median layer, and an empty aqueous interior that meets this need. The siRNAsome can serve as a versatile nanostructure to load drug agents with divergent chemical properties, therapeutic proteins as well as co-delivering immobilized siRNAs without transfection agents. Importantly, the inherent thermal/reduction-responsiveness enables controlled drug loading and release. When siRNAsomes are loaded with the hydrophilic drug doxorubicin hydrochloride and anti-P-glycoprotein siRNA, synergistic therapeutic activity is achieved in multidrug resistant cancer cells and a tumor model.	0
Abstract2class: Turning Cucurbit[8]uril into a Supramolecular Nanoreactor for Asymmetric Catalysis Abstract: Chiral macromolecules have been widely used as synthetic pockets to mimic natural enzymes and promote asymmetric reactions. An achiral host, cucurbit[8]uril (CB[8]), was used for an asymmetric Lewis acid catalyzed Diels-Alder reaction. We achieved a remarkable increase in enantioselectivity and a large rate acceleration in the presence of the nanoreactor by using an amino acid as the chiral source. Mechanistic and computational studies revealed that both the amino acid-Cu(2+) complex and the dienophile substrate are included inside the macrocyclic host cavity, suggesting that contiguity and conformational constraints are fundamental to the catalytic process and rate enhancement. These results pave the way towards new studies on asymmetric reactions catalyzed in confined achiral cavities.	0
Abstract2class: An Unconventional Mechanistic Insight into SCF3 Formation from Difluorocarbene: Preparation of 18 F-Labeled α-SCF3 Carbonyl Compounds Abstract: Trifluoromethylthiolation by sulfuration of difluorocarbene with elemental sulfur is described for the first time, which overrides long-standing trifluoromethyl anion-based theory. Mechanistic elucidation reveals an unprecedented chemical process for the formation of thiocarbonyl fluoride and also enables transition-metal-mediated trifluoromethylthiolation and [18 F]trifluoromethylthiolation of α-bromo carbonyl compounds with broad substrate scope and compatibility.	0
Abstract2class: Difluorocarbene-Derived Trifluoromethylthiolation and [(18)F]Trifluoromethylthiolation of Aliphatic Electrophiles Abstract: The first trifluoromethylthiolation and [(18)F]trifluoromethylthiolation of alkyl electrophiles with in situ generated difluorocarbene in the presence of elemental sulfur and external (radioactive) fluoride ion is described. This transition-metal-free approach is high yielding, compatible with a variety of functional groups, and operated under mild reaction conditions. The conceptual advantage of this exogenous-fluoride-mediated transformation enables unprecedented syntheses of [(18)F]CF3S-labeled molecules from most commonly used [(18)F]fluoride ions. The rapid radiochemical reaction time (≤1 min) and high functional-group tolerance allow access to a variety of aliphatic [(18)F]CF3S compounds in high yields.	0
Abstract2class: Specific Identification of Glycoproteins Bearing the Tn Antigen in Human Cells Abstract: Glycoproteins contain a wealth of valuable information regarding the development and disease status of cells. In cancer cells, some glycans (such as the Tn antigen) are highly up-regulated, but this remains largely unknown for glycoproteins with a particular glycan. Herein, an innovative method combining enzymatic and chemical reactions was first designed to enrich glycoproteins with the Tn antigen. Using synthetic glycopeptides with O-GalNAc (the Tn antigen) or O-GlcNAc, we demonstrated that the method is selective for glycopeptides with O-GalNAc and can distinguish between these two modifications. The diagnostic ions from the tagged O-GalNAc further confirmed the effectiveness of the method and confidence in the identification of glycopeptides with the Tn antigen by mass spectrometry. Using this method, we identified 96 glycoproteins with the Tn antigen in Jurkat cells. The method can be extensively applied in biological and biomedical research.	0
Abstract2class: Direct synthesis of β-N-glycosides by the reductive glycosylation of azides with protected and native carbohydrate donors Abstract: A simple and straightforward method for the stereocontrolled synthesis of β-linked N-glycosides uses alkyl and aryl azides as the nitrogen source. The N-glycosides are formed in high yields and with high β selectivities (typically >70% yield, >15:1 β:α selectivity). This approach is also amenable to the synthesis of N-glycosylated amino acids and peptides (see example, Fmoc=9-fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl).	0
Abstract2class: Palladium(0)-catalyzed Heck reaction/C-H activation/amination sequence with diaziridinone: a facile approach to indolines Abstract: Indolines are important moieties present in various biologically significant molecules and have attracted considerable attention in synthetic chemistry. This paper describes a Heck reaction/C-H activation/amination sequence for forming indolines using di-tert-butyldiaziridinone. The reaction process likely proceeds via a pallada(II)cycle, which is converted into an indoline by oxidative addition to the diaziridinone and two subsequent C-N bond formations.	0
Abstract2class: Gold-catalyzed diastereoselective cycloisomerization of alkylidene-cyclopropane-bearing 1,6-diynes Abstract: An unprecedented gold-catalyzed diastereoselective cycloisomerization of 1,6-diynes bearing an alkylidene cyclopropane moiety has been developed. This methodology enables rapid access to a variety of 1,2-trimethylenenorbornanes, which are important building blocks in the preparations of abiotic and sesquiterpene core structures.	0
Abstract2class: Precise Formation of a Hollow Carbon Nitride Structure with a Janus Surface To Promote Water Splitting by Photoredox Catalysis Abstract: The precise modification of redox species on the inner and outer surfaces of hollow nanostructures is relevant in catalysis, surface science, and nanotechnology, but has proven difficult to achieve. Herein, we develop a facile approach to specifically fabricate Pt and Co3 O4 nanoparticles (NPs) onto the interior and exterior surface of hollow carbon nitride spheres (HCNS), respectively, to promote the surface redox functions of the polymer semiconductors. The photocatalytic water splitting activities of HCNS with spatially separated oxidation and reduction centers at their nanodomains were enhanced. The origin of the enhanced activity was attributed to the spatially separated reactive sites for the evolution of H2 and O2 and also to the unidirectional migration of the electron and hole on the Janus surfaces, thereby preventing the unwanted reverse reaction of water splitting and decreasing charge recombination.	0
Abstract2class: A microfluidic approach for screening submicroliter volumes against multiple reagents by using preformed arrays of nanoliter plugs in a three-phase liquid/liquid/gas flow Abstract: Plugging a gap in screening:                       Arrays of nanoliter-sized plugs of different compositions can be preformed in a three-phase liquid/liquid/gas flow. The arrays can be transported into a microfluidic channel to test against a target (see schematic representation), as demonstrated in protein crystallization and an enzymatic assay.	0
Abstract2class: Palladium-Catalyzed Fluorosulfonylvinylation of Organic Iodides Abstract: A palladium-catalyzed fluorosulfonylvinylation reaction of organic iodides is described. Catalytic Pd(OAc)2 with a stoichiometric amount of silver(I) trifluoroacetate enables the coupling process between either an (hetero)aryl or alkenyl iodide with ethenesulfonyl fluoride (ESF). The method is demonstrated in the successful syntheses of eighty-eight otherwise difficult to access compounds, in up to 99 % yields, including the unprecedented 2-heteroarylethenesulfonyl fluorides and 1,3-dienylsulfonyl fluorides.	0
Abstract2class: Colorimetric Carbonyl Sulfide (COS)/Hydrogen Sulfide (H2 S) Donation from γ-Ketothiocarbamate Donor Motifs Abstract: Hydrogen sulfide (H2 S) is a biologically active molecule that exhibits protective effects in a variety of physiological and pathological processes. Although several H2 S-related biological effects have been discovered by using H2 S donors, knowing how much H2 S has been released from donors under different conditions remains challenging. Now, a series of γ-ketothiocarbamate (γ-KetoTCM) compounds that provide the first examples of colorimetric H2 S donors and enable direct quantification of H2 S release, were reported. These compounds are activated through a pH-dependent deprotonation/β-elimination sequence to release carbonyl sulfide (COS), which is quickly converted into H2 S by carbonic anhydrase. The p-nitroaniline released upon donor activation provides an optical readout that correlates directly to COS/H2 S release, thus enabling colorimetric measurement of H2 S donation.	0
Abstract2class: Hydrogen Sulfide Donors Activated by Reactive Oxygen Species Abstract: Hydrogen sulfide (H2 S) exhibits promising protective effects in many (patho)physiological processes, as evidenced by recent reports using synthetic H2 S donors in different biological models. Herein, we report the design and evaluation of compounds denoted PeroxyTCM, which are the first class of reactive oxygen species (ROS)-triggered H2 S donors. These donors are engineered to release carbonyl sulfide (COS) upon activation, which is quickly hydrolyzed to H2 S by the ubiquitous enzyme carbonic anhydrase (CA). The donors are stable in aqueous solution and do not release H2 S until triggered by ROS, such as hydrogen peroxide (H2 O2 ), superoxide (O2- ), and peroxynitrite (ONOO- ). We demonstrate ROS-triggered H2 S donation in live cells and also demonstrate that PeroxyTCM-1 provides protection against H2 O2 -induced oxidative damage, suggesting potential future applications of PeroxyTCM and similar scaffolds in H2 S-related therapies.	0
Abstract2class: Tuning the composition of AuPt bimetallic nanoparticles for antibacterial application Abstract: We show that bimetallic nanoparticles (NPs) of AuPt without any surface modification are potent antibiotic reagents, while pure Au NPs or pure Pt NPs display no antibiotic activities. The most potent antibacterial AuPt NPs happen to be the most effective catalysts for chemical transformations. The mechanism of antibiotic action includes the dissipation of membrane potential and the elevation of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) levels. These bimetallic NPs are unique in that they do not produce reactive oxygen species as most antibiotics do. Being non-toxic to human cells, these bimetallic noble NPs might open an entry to a new class of antibiotics.	0
Abstract2class: Short, enantioselective total synthesis of chatancin Abstract: An enantioselective total synthesis of the polycyclic diterpene (+)-chatancin, a potent PAF antagonist, is reported. Proceeding in seven steps from dihydrofarnesal, this synthetic route was designed to circumvent macrocyclization-based strategies to complex, cyclized cembranoids. The described synthesis requires only six chromatographic purifications, is high yielding, and avoids protecting-group manipulations. An X-ray crystal structure of this fragile marine natural product was obtained.	0
Abstract2class: Wireless activation of neurons in brain slices using nanostructured semiconductor photoelectrodes Abstract: Light rather than electrical current: The inner or outer surfaces of glass micropipettes can be coated with nanoparticles of a narrow-band-gap semiconductor. When visible or near-infrared light is used for excitation, these micropipettes (labeled PE Stim in the image) can activate nearby neurons (labeled *) in brain tissue without the damage associated with electrical stimulation.	0
Abstract2class: De novo generation of singlet oxygen and ammine ligands by photoactivation of a platinum anticancer complex Abstract: Worth the excitement: Highly reactive oxygen and nitrogen species are generated by photoactivation of the anticancer platinum(IV) complex trans,trans,trans-[Pt(N3 )2 (OH)2 (MA)(Py)] (MA=methylamine, Py=pyridine). Singlet oxygen is formed from the hydroxido ligands and not from dissolved oxygen, and ammine ligands are products from the conversion of azido ligands to nitrenes. Both processes can induce oxidation of guanine.	0
Abstract2class: Simultaneous Identification of Neutral and Anionic Species in Complex Mixtures without Separation Abstract: A chemosensory system is reported that operates without the need for separation techniques and is capable of identifying anions and structurally similar bioactive molecules. In this strategy, the coordination of analytes to a metal complex with an open binding cleft generates "static structures" on the NMR timescale. Unique signals are created by strategically placing fluorine atoms in close proximity to bound analytes so that small structural differences induce distinct (19)F NMR shifts that can be used to identify each analyte. The utility of this method is illustrated by quantifying caffeine levels in coffee, by identifying ingredients in tea and energy drinks, and by discriminating between multiple biogenic amines with remote structural differences six carbon atoms away from the binding site. We further demonstrate the simultaneous identification of multiple neutral and anionic species in a complex mixture.	0
Abstract2class: Three-component asymmetric catalytic Ugi reaction--concinnity from diversity by substrate-mediated catalyst assembly Abstract: The first chiral catalyst for the three-component Ugi reaction was identified as a result of a screen of a large set of different BOROX catalysts. The BOROX catalysts were assembled in situ from a chiral biaryl ligand, an amine, water, BH3·SMe2, and an alcohol or phenol. The catalyst screen included 13 different ligands, 12 amines, and 47 alcohols or phenols. The optimal catalyst system (LAP 8-5-47) provided α-amino amides from an aldehyde, a secondary amine, and an isonitrile with excellent asymmetric induction. The catalytically active species is proposed to be an ion pair that consists of the chiral boroxinate anion and an iminium cation.	0
Abstract2class: The Natural Product Elegaphenone Potentiates Antibiotic Effects against Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Natural products represent a rich source of antibiotics that address versatile cellular targets. The deconvolution of their targets via chemical proteomics is often challenged by the introduction of large photocrosslinkers. Here we applied elegaphenone, a largely uncharacterized natural product antibiotic bearing a native benzophenone core scaffold, for affinity-based protein profiling (AfBPP) in Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. This study utilizes the alkynylated natural product scaffold as a probe to uncover intriguing biological interactions with the transcriptional regulator AlgP. Furthermore, proteome profiling of a Pseudomonas aeruginosa AlgP transposon mutant provided unique insights into the mode of action. Elegaphenone enhanced the elimination of intracellular P. aeruginosa in macrophages exposed to sub-inhibitory concentrations of the fluoroquinolone antibiotic norfloxacin.	0
Abstract2class: Functionalization of Styrenes by Copper-Catalyzed Borylation/ ortho-Cyanation and Silver-Catalyzed Annulation Processes Abstract: An efficient two-step method for the assembly of indanone derivatives starting from a simple vinyl arene has been developed. The sequence first involves addition of bis(pinacolato)diboron (B2 pin2 ) and N-cyano-N-phenyl-p-methylbenzenesulfonamide (NCTS) to a broad range of styrenes by utilizing IMesCuCl as catalyst. This step simultaneously accomplishes hydroboration of the alkene and ortho cyanation of the benzene unit. The products thus obtained are further functionalized by a AgNO3 /Selectfluor-mediated coupling of the BPin and cyano functionalities to annulate a new five-membered ring. This combined two-step sequence provides a versatile method for the site-selective derivatization of a broad range of vinyl arene substrates.	0
Abstract2class: Rhodium-catalyzed asymmetric hydrogenation of unprotected NH imines assisted by a thiourea Abstract: Asymmetric hydrogenation of unprotected NH imines catalyzed by rhodium/bis(phosphine)-thiourea provided chiral amines with up to 97% yield and 95% ee. (1)H NMR studies, coupled with control experiments, implied that catalytic chloride-bound intermediates were involved in the mechanism through a dual hydrogen-bonding interaction. Deuteration experiments proved that the hydrogenation proceeded through a pathway consistent with an imine.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons by Phenyl Addition-Dehydrocyclization: The Third Way Abstract: Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) represent the link between resonance-stabilized free radicals and carbonaceous nanoparticles generated in incomplete combustion processes and in circumstellar envelopes of carbon rich asymptotic giant branch (AGB) stars. Although these PAHs resemble building blocks of complex carbonaceous nanostructures, their fundamental formation mechanisms have remained elusive. By exploring these reaction mechanisms of the phenyl radical with biphenyl/naphthalene theoretically and experimentally, we provide compelling evidence on a novel phenyl-addition/dehydrocyclization (PAC) pathway leading to prototype PAHs: triphenylene and fluoranthene. PAC operates efficiently at high temperatures leading through rapid molecular mass growth processes to complex aromatic structures, which are difficult to synthesize by traditional pathways such as hydrogen-abstraction/acetylene-addition. The elucidation of the fundamental reactions leading to PAHs is necessary to facilitate an understanding of the origin and evolution of the molecular universe and of carbon in our galaxy.	0
Abstract2class: 3-O-Sulfation of Heparan Sulfate Enhances Tau Interaction and Cellular Uptake Abstract: Prion-like transcellular spreading of tau in Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is mediated by tau binding to cell surface heparan sulfate (HS). However, the structural determinants for tau-HS interaction are not well understood. Microarray and SPR assays of structurally defined HS oligosaccharides show that a rare 3-O-sulfation (3-O-S) of HS significantly enhances tau binding. In Hs3st1-/- (HS 3-O-sulfotransferase-1 knockout) cells, reduced 3-O-S levels of HS diminished both cell surface binding and internalization of tau. In a cell culture, the addition of a 3-O-S HS 12-mer reduced both tau cell surface binding and cellular uptake. NMR titrations mapped 3-O-S binding sites to the microtubule binding repeat 2 (R2) and proline-rich region 2 (PRR2) of tau. Tau is only the seventh protein currently known to recognize HS 3-O-sulfation. Our work demonstrates that this rare 3-O-sulfation enhances tau-HS binding and likely the transcellular spread of tau, providing a novel target for disease-modifying treatment of AD and other tauopathies.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic Borylative Opening of Propargyl Cyclopropane, Epoxide, Aziridine, and Oxetane Substrates: Ligand Controlled Synthesis of Allenyl Boronates and Alkenyl Diboronates Abstract: A new copper-catalyzed reaction for the stereo- and regioselective synthesis of alkenyl diboronates and allenyl boronates is presented. In this process propargyl derivatives of strained three/four-membered rings were employed as substrates and B2pin2 was used as the boronate source. Selective formation of the alkenyl diboronate versus the allenyl boronate products was controlled by the choice of phosphine ligand.	0
Abstract2class: Stabilizing the Oxygen Lattice and Reversible Oxygen Redox Chemistry through Structural Dimensionality in Lithium-Rich Cathode Oxides Abstract: Lattice-oxygen redox (l-OR) has become an essential companion to the traditional transition-metal (TM) redox charge compensation to achieve high capacity in Li-rich cathode oxides. However, the understanding of l-OR chemistry remains elusive, and a critical question is the structural effect on the stability of l-OR reactions. Herein, the coupling between l-OR and structure dimensionality is studied. We reveal that the evolution of the oxygen-lattice structure upon l-OR in Li-rich TM oxides which have a three-dimensional (3D)-disordered cation framework is relatively stable, which is in direct contrast to the clearly distorted oxygen-lattice framework in Li-rich oxides which have a two-dimensional (2D)/3D-ordered cation structure. Our results highlight the role of structure dimensionality in stabilizing the oxygen lattice in reversible l-OR, which broadens the horizon for designing high-energy-density Li-rich cathode oxides with stable l-OR chemistry.	0
Abstract2class: Controlling the Reactivity of the [P8 W48 O184 ]40- Inorganic Ring and Its Assembly into POMZite Inorganic Frameworks with Silver Ions Abstract: The construction of pure-inorganic framework materials with well-defined design rules and building blocks is challenging. In this work, we show how a polyoxometalate cluster with an integrated pore, based on [P8 W48 O184 ]40- (abbreviated as {P8 W48 }), can be self-assembled into inorganic frameworks using silver ions, which both enable reactions on the cluster as well as link them together. The {P8 W48 } was found to be highly reactive with silver ions resulting in the in situ generation of fragments, forming {P9 W63 O235 } and {P10 W66 O251 } in compound (1) where these two clusters co-crystallize and are connected into a POMZite framework with 11 Ag+ ions as linkers located inside clusters and 10 Ag+ linking ions situated between clusters. Decreasing both the concentration of Ag+ ions, and the reaction temperature compared to the synthesis of compound (1), leads to {P8 W51 O196 } in compound 2 where the {P8 W48 } clusters are linked to form a new POMZite framework with 9 Ag+ ions per formula unit. Further tuning of the reaction conditions yields a cubic porous network compound (3) where {P8 W48 } clusters as cubic sides are joined by 4 Ag+ ions to give a cubic array and no Ag+ ions were found inside the clusters.	0
Abstract2class: Bifunctional Small-Molecule Ligands of K-Ras Induce Its Association with Immunophilin Proteins Abstract: Here we report the design, synthesis, and characterization of bifunctional chemical ligands that induce the association of Ras with ubiquitously expressed immunophilin proteins such as FKBP12 and cyclophilin A. We show this approach is applicable to two distinct Ras ligand scaffolds, and that both the identity of the immunophilin ligand and the linker chemistry affect compound efficacy in biochemical and cellular contexts. These ligands bind to Ras in an immunophilin-dependent fashion and mediate the formation of tripartite complexes of Ras, immunophilin, and the ligand. The recruitment of cyclophilin A to GTP-bound Ras blocks its interaction with B-Raf in biochemical assays. Our study demonstrates the feasibility of ligand-induced association of Ras with intracellular proteins and suggests it as a promising therapeutic strategy for Ras-driven cancers.	0
Abstract2class: RhI -Catalyzed PIII -Directed C-H Bond Alkylation: Design of Multifunctional Phosphines for Carboxylation of Aryl Bromides with Carbon Dioxide Abstract: We report the C-H alkylation of biarylphosphines at the ortho' position(s) with alkenes by using rhodium(I) catalysis, which provides straightforward access to a large library of multifunctionalized phosphines. Some of these modified ligands outperformed commercially available phosphines in the Pd-catalyzed carboxylation of aryl bromides with carbon dioxide in the presence of a photoredox catalyst.	0
Abstract2class: Aqueous Platinum(II)-Cage-Based Light-Harvesting System for Photocatalytic Cross-Coupling Hydrogen Evolution Reaction Abstract: Photosynthesis is a process wherein the chromophores in plants and bacteria absorb light and convert it into chemical energy. To mimic this process, an emissive poly(ethylene glycol)-decorated tetragonal prismatic platinum(II) cage was prepared and used as the donor molecule to construct a light-harvesting system in water. Eosin Y was chosen as the acceptor because of its good spectral overlap with that of the metallacage, which is essential for the preparation of light-harvesting systems. Such a combination showed enhanced catalytic activity in catalyzing the cross-coupling hydrogen evolution reaction, as compared with eosin Y alone. This study offers a pathway for using the output energy from the light-harvesting system to mimic the whole photosynthetic process.	0
Abstract2class: Noninvasive photoacoustic microscopy of living cells in two and three dimensions through enhancement by a metabolite dye Abstract: Photoacoustic microscopy (PAM) is a powerful imaging modality that can generate high-resolution, three-dimensional (3D) images non-invasively. However, most types of cells cannot be imaged and quantified by PAM due to the lack of an absorption-based contrast mechanism. Here we demonstrate that this problem could be solved by employing 1-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-3,5-diphenylformazan (MTT formazan), a cellular metabolite of 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT), as the contrast agent. The as-formed MTT formazan crystals inside the cells have a strong absorption in the spectral region of 500-700 nm, and are generally nontoxic. It could serve as a superb contrast agent for PAM in imaging various types of cells cultured on two-dimensional (2D) substrates and in 3D porous scaffolds. This contrast mechanism is general, and can be applied to essentially all types of metabolically active cells including stem cells and tumor cells, which would be very useful for a number of biological and biomedical applications.	0
Abstract2class: High-Throughput, Label-Free Isolation of Cancer Stem Cells on the Basis of Cell Adhesion Capacity Abstract: Herein we report a microfluidics method that enriches cancer stem cells (CSCs) or tumor-initiating cells on the basis of cell adhesion properties. In our on-chip enrichment system, cancer cells were driven by hydrodynamic forces to flow through microchannels coated with basement membrane extract. Highly adhesive cells were captured by the functionalized microchannels, and less adhesive cells were collected from the outlets. Two heterogeneous breast cancer cell lines (SUM-149 and SUM-159) were successfully separated into enriched subpopulations according to their adhesive capacity, and the enrichment of the cancer stem cells was confirmed by flow cytometry biomarker analysis and tumor-formation assays. Our findings show that the less adhesive phenotype is associated with a higher percentage of CSCs, higher cancer-cell motility, and higher resistance to chemotherapeutic drugs.	0
Abstract2class: Mesenchymal-mode migration assay and antimetastatic drug screening with high-throughput microfluidic channel networks Abstract: Increasing evidence shows that activated mesenchymal migration is a key process of the metastatic cascade. Cancer cells usually gain such migratory capability through an epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Herein we present a high-throughput microfluidic device with 3120 microchambers to specifically monitor mesenchymal migration. Through imaging of the whole chip and statistical analysis, we can evaluate the two key factors of velocity and percentage related to cell migratory capacity at different cell densities in culture. We also used the device to screen antimetastatic drugs for their inhibition of mesenchymal migration and prevention of metastatic malignancy. This device will provide an excellent platform for biologists to gain a better understanding of cancer metastasis.	0
Abstract2class: Optical-resolution photoacoustic microscopy for volumetric and spectral analysis of histological and immunochemical samples Abstract: Optical-resolution photoacoustic microscopy (OR-PAM) is an imaging modality with superb penetration depth and excellent absorption contrast. Here we demonstrate, for the first time, that this technique can advance quantitative analysis of conventional chromogenic histochemistry. Because OR-PAM can quantify the absorption contrast at different wavelengths, it is feasible to spectrally resolve the specific biomolecules involved in a staining color. Furthermore, the tomographic capability of OR-PAM allows for noninvasive volumetric imaging of a thick sample without microtoming it. By immunostaining the sample with different chromogenic agents, we further demonstrated the ability of OR-PAM to resolve different types of cells in a coculture sample with imaging depths up to 1 mm. Taken together, the integration of OR-PAM with (immuno)histochemistry offers a simple and versatile technique with broad applications in cell biology, pathology, tissue engineering, and related biomedical studies.	0
Abstract2class: Non-invasive and in situ characterization of the degradation of biomaterial scaffolds by volumetric photoacoustic microscopy Abstract: Degradation is among the most important properties of biomaterial scaffolds, which are indispensable for regenerative medicine. The currently used method relies on the measurement of mass loss across different samples and cannot track the degradation of an individual scaffold in situ. Here we report, for the first time, the use of multiscale photoacoustic microscopy to non-invasively monitor the degradation of an individual scaffold. We could observe alterations to the morphology and structure of a scaffold at high spatial resolution and deep penetration, and more significantly, quantify the degradation of an individual scaffold as a function of time, both in vitro and in vivo. In addition, the remodeling of vasculature inside a scaffold can be visualized simultaneously using a dual-wavelength scanning mode in a label-free manner. This optoacoustic method can be used to monitor the degradation of individual scaffolds, offering a new approach to non-invasively analyze and quantify biomaterial-tissue interactions in conjunction with the assessment of in vivo vascular parameters.	0
Abstract2class: An antibody with a variable-region coiled-coil "knob" domain Abstract: The X-ray crystal structure of a bovine antibody (BLV1H12) revealed a unique structure in its ultralong heavy chain complementarity determining region 3 (CDR3H) that folds into a solvent-exposed β-strand "stalk" fused to a disulfide crosslinked "knob" domain. We have substituted an antiparallel heterodimeric coiled-coil motif for the β-strand stalk in this antibody. The resulting antibody (Ab-coil) expresses in mammalian cells and has a stability similar to that of the parent bovine antibody. MS analysis of H-D exchange supports the coiled-coil structure of the substituted peptides. Substitution of the knob-domain of Ab-coil with bovine granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (bGCSF) results in a stably expressed chimeric antibody, which proliferates mouse NFS-60 cells with a potency comparable to that of bGCSF. This work demonstrates the utility of this novel coiled-coil CDR3 motif as a means for generating stable, potent antibody fusion proteins with useful pharmacological properties.	0
Abstract2class: In Situ Single-Cell Western Blot on Adherent Cell Culture Abstract: Integrating 2D culture of adherent mammalian cells with single-cell western blotting (in situ scWB) uses microfluidic design to eliminate the requirement for trypsin release of cells to suspension, prior to single-cell isolation and protein analysis. To assay HeLa cells from an attached starting state, we culture adherent cells in fibronectin-functionalized microwells formed in a thin layer of polyacrylamide gel. To integrate the culture, lysis, and assay workflow, we introduce a one-step copolymerization process that creates protein-decorated microwells. After single-cell culture, we lyse each cell in the microwell and perform western blotting on each resultant lysate. We observe cell spreading after overnight microwell-based culture. scWB reports increased phosphorylation of MAP kinases (ERK1/2, p38) under hypertonic conditions. We validate the in situ scWB with slab-gel western blot, while revealing cell-to-cell heterogeneity in stress responses.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid Capture and Release of Nucleic Acids through a Reversible Photo-Cycloaddition Reaction in a Psoralen-Functionalized Hydrogel Abstract: Reversible immobilization of DNA and RNA is of great interest to researchers who seek to manipulate DNA or RNA in applications such as microarrays, DNA hydrogels, and gene therapeutics. However, there is no existing system that can rapidly capture and release intact nucleic acids. To meet this unmet need, we developed a functional hydrogel for rapid DNA/RNA capture and release based on the reversible photo-cycloaddition of psoralen and pyrimidines. The functional hydrogel can be easily fabricated through copolymerization of acrylamide with the synthesized allylated psoralen. The psoralen-functionalized hydrogel exhibits effective capture and release of nucleic acids spanning a wide range of lengths in a rapid fashion; over 90 % of the capture process is completed within 1 min, and circa 100 % of the release process is completed within 2 min. We observe no deleterious effects on the hybridization to the captured targets.	0
Abstract2class: A Single Stereodynamic Center Modulates the Rate of Self-Assembly in a Biomolecular System Abstract: Chirality is a property of asymmetry important to both physical and abstract systems. Understanding how molecular systems respond to perturbations in their chiral building blocks can provide insight into diverse areas such as biomolecular self-assembly, protein folding, drug design, materials, and catalysis. Despite the fundamental importance of stereochemical preorganization in nature and designed materials, the ramifications of replacing chiral centers with stereodynamic atomic mimics in the context of biomolecular systems is unknown. Herein, we demonstrate that replacement of a single amino acid stereocenter with a stereodynamic nitrogen atom has profound consequences on the self-assembly of a biomolecular system. Our results provide insight into how the fundamental biopolymers of life would behave if their chiral centers were not configurationally stable, highlighting the vital importance of stereochemistry as a pre-organizing element in biomolecular folding and assembly events.	0
Abstract2class: A divergent enantioselective strategy for the synthesis of griseusins Abstract: The first enantioselective total synthesis of griseusin A, griseusin C, 4'-deacetyl-griseusin A, and two non-native counterparts in 11-14 steps is reported. This strategy highlights a key hydroxy-directed CH olefination of 1-methylene isochroman with an α,β-unsaturated ketone followed by subsequent stereoselective epoxidation and regioselective cyclization to afford the signature tetrahydro-spiropyran ring. Colorectal cancer cell cytotoxicities of the final products highlight the impact of the griseusin tetrahydro-spiropyran ring on bioactivity. As the first divergent enantioselective synthesis, the strategy put forth sets the stage for further griseusin mechanism-of-action and SAR studies.	0
Abstract2class: Palladium(II)-catalyzed ortho alkylation of benzoic acids with alkyl halides Abstract: The first Pd(II)-catalyzed alkylation of aryl C–H bonds is achieved without using a co-oxidant. The alkylation reaction was followed thereafter by an intramolecular lactonization to give broadly useful γ– and ™– benzolactones.	0
Abstract2class: Chain-shattering polymeric therapeutics with on-demand drug-release capability Abstract: Design of smart polymeric therapeutics:                       We designed and synthesized trigger-responsive chain-shattering polymeric therapeutics (CSPTs) via condensation polymerization of a UV-or hydrogen peroxide-responsive domain and a bisfunctional drug as co-monomers. CSPTs have precisely controlled molecular composition and unique chain-shattering type of drug release mechanism. Drug release kinetics can be precisely controlled by means of the trigger treatment. Chemotherapeutic-containing CSPTs showed trigger-responsive in vitro and in vivo antitumor efficacy.	0
Abstract2class: Natural abundance solid-state carbon NMR studies of photosynthetic reaction centers with photoinduced polarization Abstract: Solid-state NMR spectra of natural abundance 13C in reaction centers from photosynthetic bacteria Rhodobacter sphaeroides R-26 was measured. When the quinone acceptors were removed and continuous visible illumination of the sample was provided, exceptionally strong nuclear spin polarization was observed in NMR lines with chemical shifts resembling those of the aromatic carbons in bacteriochlorophyll and bacteriopheophytin. The observation of spin polarized 15N nuclei in bacteriochlorophyll and bacteriopheophytin was previously demonstrated with nonspecifically 15N-labeled reaction centers. Both the carbon and the nitrogen NMR studies indicate that the polarization is developed on species that carry unpaired electrons in the early electron transfer steps, including the bacteriochlorophyll dimer donor P860 and probably the bacteriopheophytin acceptor. I. Both enhanced-absorptive and emissive polarization were seen in the carbon spectrum; most lines were absorptive but the methine carbons of the porphyrin ring (alpha, beta, gamma, ) exhibited emissive polarization. The change in the sign of the hyperfine coupling at these sites indicates the existence of nodes in the spin density distribution on the tetrapyrrole cofactors flanking each methine carbon bridge.	0
Abstract2class: Chromosomal replication origin from the marine bacterium Vibrio harveyi functions in Escherichia coli: oriC consensus sequence Abstract: The chromosomal replication origin (oriC) of Vibrio harveyi has been isolated on a plasmid and shown to function as an origin in Escherichia coli. The nucleotide sequence of the V. harveyi oriC was determined. From a comparison of this sequence with oriC sequences of five enteric bacteria, we derived a consensus sequence of bacterial origins that function in E. coli. This consensus sequence identifies 122 positions within oriC where nucleotide substitutions can occur without loss of origin function. These positions are clustered rather than scattered. Four interrelated nine-base-pair repeats and eight of the dam methylation G-A-T-C sites are conserved in the consensus sequence. Very few relative insertion-deletion changes occur, and these are localized to one region of oriC. The genes for three polypeptides linked to the V. harveyi oriC were identified by using in vitro protein synthesis directed by deletion derivative plasmid templates. One of these genes, coding for a 58,000 Mr polypeptide and located 3.0 kilobase pairs from the V. harveyi oriC region, is lethal to E. coli when many copies (approximately 40 per cell) are present (high copy lethal or HCL gene). In addition, nucleotide sequence analysis showed that a different gene, the gid gene to the left of oriC, is highly conserved between E. coli and V. harveyi, whereas the coding region to the right of oriC is much less conserved.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence of the Salmonella typhimurium origin of DNA replication Abstract: Construction of deletion derivative plasmids and cloning of restriction fragments from plasmids containing the Salmonella typhimurium origin of replication (ori) were used to locate the functional origin to within a DNA fragment of 296 base pairs between the genes uncB and asn. The nucleotide sequence of the S. typhimurium ori region was determined and compared with the Escherichia coli ori sequence. In the 296-base pair fragment, 85.8% of the bases are conserved between the two species. A nearly equal number of transition and transversion type differences, with no insertions or deletions, occurs between the two bacterial origins, such that the relatively high percentage (adenine plus thymine) of 59.5% is conserved. The 296-base pair fragment contains 14 GATC sequences, all of which are conserved. The high frequency of occurrence of GATC, which is the site of methylation under control of the dam gene, may explain in part why the bacterial ori region appears to be so highly conserved. A large number of secondary structures are possible. One such structure, with a "cloverleaf," is favored by ori nucleotide sequence comparisons and leads to potential novel macromolecular interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and mapping of plasmids containing the Salmonella typhimurium origin of DNA replication Abstract: A purified EcoRI restriction endonuclease fragment that determines resistance to kanamycin and is incapable of self-replication was used to select autonomously replicating fragments from an EcoRI digest of a Salmonella typhimurium F' plasmid containing the chromosomal region believed to include the S. typhimurium origin of DNA replication. Both the F factor and S. typhimurium chromosome replication origins were cloned by this procedure. The EcoRI fragmentment containing the S. typhimurium origin of replication is 19.4 kilobase pairs long and includes functional asp+ and uncB+ genes. Restriction endonuclease analysis of deletions obtained from the S. typhimurium origin plasmid indicated that the replication origin (ori region) is contained within a 3.3-kilobase pair region. Comparison with Escherichia coli origin plasmids shows colinearity of gene arrangement on the chromosomes in this region and suggests that some, but not all, regions of the nucleotide sequence in the origin region may be conserved (identical) in these two bacterial species.	0
Abstract2class: Atypical expansion in mice of the sensory neuron-specific Mrg G protein-coupled receptor family Abstract: The Mas-related genes (Mrgs) comprise a family of >50 G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), many of which are expressed in specific subsets of nociceptive sensory neurons in mice. In contrast, humans contain a related but nonorthologous family of genes, called MrgXs or sensory neuron-specific receptors, of which many fewer appear to be expressed in sensory neurons. To determine whether the diversity of murine Mrgs is generic to rodents or is an atypical feature of mice, we characterized MrgA, MrgB, MrgC, and MrgD subfamilies in rat and gerbil. Surprisingly, although mice have approximately 22 MrgA and approximately 14 MrgC genes, rats and gerbils have just a single MrgA and MrgC gene. This murine-specific expansion likely reflects recent retrotransposon-mediated unequal crossover events. The expression of Mrgs in rat sensory ganglia suggests that the extensive cellular diversity in mice can be simplified to a core subset of approximately four different genes (MrgA, MrgB, MrgC, and MrgD), defining a similar number of neuronal subpopulations. Our results suggest more generally that mouse-human genomic comparisons may sometimes reveal differences atypical of rodents.	0
Abstract2class: Formation of the preprimosome protects lambda O from RNA transcription-dependent proteolysis by ClpP/ClpX Abstract: Using the bacteriophage lambda DNA replication system, composed entirely of purified proteins, we have tested the accessibility of the short-lived lambda O protein to the ClpP/ClpX protease during the various stages of lambda DNA replication. We find that binding of lambda O protein to its orilambda DNA sequence, leading to the so-called "O-some" formation, largely inhibits its degradation. On the contrary, under conditions permissive for transcription, the lambda O protein bound to the orilambda sequence becomes largely accessible to ClpP/ClpX-mediated proteolysis. However, when the lambda O protein is part of the larger orilambda:O.P.DnaB preprimosomal complex, transcription does not significantly increase ClpP/ClpX-dependent lambda O degradation. These results show that transcription can stimulate proteolysis of a protein that is required for the initiation of DNA replication.	0
Abstract2class: The dnaK protein of Escherichia coli possesses an ATPase and autophosphorylating activity and is essential in an in vitro DNA replication system Abstract: The Escherichia coli dnaK gene product, originally defined by mutations that blocked lambda phage DNA replication, is known to be necessary for E. coli viability. We have purified dnaK protein to homogeneity and have demonstrated that it possesses a weak DNA-independent ATPase activity, which results in the production of ADP and Pi. The proof that this ATPase activity is encoded by the dnaK+ gene relies primarily on the fact that the dnaK756 mutation results in the production of an ATPase activity with altered physical properties. The dnaK protein is phosphorylated in vitro and in vivo, probably as a result of an autophosphorylation reaction. The lambda O and P replication proteins were shown to interact in vitro with the dnaK protein. The ATPase activity of the dnaK protein was inhibited by purified lambda P protein and stimulated by purified lambda O protein. Moreover, the dnaK protein participates in the initiation of DNA synthesis in an in vitro DNA replication system that is dependent on the O and P proteins. Anti-dnaK protein immunoglobulin specifically inhibited DNA synthesis in this system.	0
Abstract2class: Products of RNA polymerases in HeLa cell nuclei Abstract: RNA polymerase activities in intact HeLa cell nuclei have been examined and compared to activities investigated in previous studies of the purified enzymes. The RNA synthesized by the mammalian polymerases while still in nuclei is identified. The polymerases are tentatively identified by location, sensitivity to alpha-amanitin, and response to manganese and altered ionic strength. Polymerase I is located in the nucleolus and labels partially complete precursor molecules of ribosomal RNA. Polymerases II and III are in the nucleoplasm and both label giant nuclear heterogeneous RNA.	0
Abstract2class: Selecting the highest of three binomial probabilities Abstract: A sequential elimination procedure for selecting the highest probability in binomial trials, proposed by Levin and Robbins [Levin, B. & Robbins, H. (1981) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 78, 4663-4666], is examined further in the special case of trials involving three probabilities. A conjectured inequality relating ratios of selection probabilities to odds ratios is shown to hold only under certain necessary and sufficient conditions. Weaker conjectured inequalities involving the probability of correct selection are shown to hold without restriction.	0
Abstract2class: A cold oceanographic regime with high exploitation rates in the Northeast Pacific forecasts a collapse of the sardine stock Abstract: The oceanographic conditions in the north Pacific have shifted to a colder period, Pacific sardine (Sardinops sagax) biomass has declined precipitously in the California Current, the international sardine fishery is collapsing, and mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus and Scomber japonicus) are thriving. This situation occurred in the mid-1900s, but indices of current oceanographic conditions and the results of our acoustic-trawl surveys indicate it likely is recurring now, perhaps with similar socioeconomic and ecological consequences. Also alarming is the repetition of the fishery's response to a declining sardine stock-progressively higher exploitation rates targeting the oldest, largest, and most fecund fish. Furthermore, our data indicate the recent reproductive condition of sardine is poor, and their productivity is below modeled estimates used to derive the current fishery-exploitation rates. Consequently, the sardine population has been reduced to two cohorts that are unlikely to produce an appreciable new cohort. Thus, a near-term recovery of this important stock is unlikely, depending on the return of warmer oceanographic conditions, reduced pressure from mackerel species, and perhaps the adoption of a more precautionary strategy for managing the residual sardine population.	0
Abstract2class: A look at neural integration in the human auditory system through the stapedius muscle reflex Abstract: Ipsilateral and contralateral stapedius muscle contractions were studied as functions of the sound pressure level (SPL) and duration of 2-kHz tone bursts. The study complemented a preceding study in which temporal summation of stapedius muscle contractions produced by pairs of short tone bursts was determined and analyzed. The muscle contractions were determined indirectly by measuring changes in the acoustic impedance they produced at the tympanic membrane. The data for the stapedius muscle contraction as a function of tone-burst duration were derived from another study and analyzed in part with the help of the SPL functions obtained in the present study. According to the experimental results, the stapedius muscle contraction produced by contralateral stimulation follows a compressive power function paralleling both the cochlear output and loudness functions. The ipsilateral contraction follows an expansive power function. Mathematical analysis showed that the muscle tension due to contralateral stimulation increases with tone duration approximately according to the characteristic of a linear integrator having an exponentially decaying memory with a time constant that increases with SPL from approximately 200 to 370 msec. The simple relationship appears to be possible because of mutual cancellation of neural-processing characteristics preceding and following the temporal integration.	0
Abstract2class: Auditory system: Peripheral nonlinearity and central additivity, as revealed in the human stapedius-muscle reflex Abstract: Human stapedius-muscle contractions in response to 3-kHz, 20-msec tone bursts were determined indirectly by measuring the associated acoustic-impedance changes at the tympanic membrane with an acoustic bridge. The measurement was possible because the bridge practically eliminates the effect of the ear-canal air volume interposed between the tympanic membrane and the tip of the measuring tube. By using burst pairs, temporal additivity of the muscle responses was demonstrated both when the stimulus bursts were presented contralaterally to the measured impedance changes and when the first burst was presented ipsilaterally. The summation time constant was on the order of 200 msec, much longer than the twitch time constant of the muscle fibers. Therefore, the summation had to take place in a nucleus preceding the stapedius muscle. The magnitude of the muscle response obeyed a compressive function paralleling the loudness function up to sound pressure levels of at least 120 dB.	0
Abstract2class: On a psychophysical transformed-rule up and down method converging on a 75% level of correct responses Abstract: Transformed-rule up and down psychophysical methods have gained great popularity, mainly because they combine criterion-free responses with an adaptive procedure allowing rapid determination of an average stimulus threshold at various criterion levels of correct responses. The statistical theory underlying the methods now in routine use is based on sets of consecutive responses with assumed constant probabilities of occurrence. The response rules requiring consecutive responses prevent the possibility of using the most desirable response criterion, that of 75% correct responses. The earliest transformed-rule up and down method, whose rules included nonconsecutive responses, did not contain this limitation but failed to become generally accepted, lacking a published theoretical foundation. Such a foundation is provided in this article and is validated empirically with the help of experiments on human subjects and a computer simulation. In addition to allowing the criterion of 75% correct responses, the method is more efficient than the methods excluding nonconsecutive responses in their rules.	0
Abstract2class: Dissecting the PhoP regulatory network of Escherichia coli and Salmonella enterica Abstract: Genetic and genomic approaches have been successfully used to assign genes to distinct regulatory networks. However, the present challenge of distinguishing differentially regulated genes within a network is particularly hard because members of a given network tend to have similar regulatory features. We have addressed this challenge by developing a method, termed Gene Promoter Scan, that discriminates coregulated promoters by simultaneously considering both multiple cis promoter features and gene expression. Here, we apply this method to probe the regulatory networks governed by the PhoP/PhoQ two-component system in the enteric bacteria Escherichia coli and Salmonella enterica. Our analysis uncovered members of the PhoP regulon and interactions with other regulatory systems that were not discovered in previous approaches. The predictions made by Gene Promoter Scan were experimentally validated to establish that the PhoP protein uses multiple mechanisms to control gene transcription, regulates acid resistance determinants, and is a central element in a highly connected network.	0
Abstract2class: Transcription of the sex-determining region genes Sry and Zfy in the mouse preimplantation embryo Abstract: We have confirmed the faster growth of male preimplantation mouse embryos. We have also studied the transcription of Y chromosomal genes postulated to have a role in sex determination, using the highly sensitive technique of reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction at these early stages. We find that two sex-determining region genes, Sry and Zfy, are transcribed during mouse preimplantation development, while the Zfy homologs Zfx and Zfa and a sex-determining region gene originally called A1s9 (now called Ube1y-1) are not. We also show that the anti-Müllerian hormone gene, which contains a Sry consensus binding element in its 5' promoter region, is not transcribed at this time. Developmental curves show that Sry and Zfy are expressed commencing at the two-cell stage. These results suggest that mammalian sex determination starts prior to gonad differentiation.	0
Abstract2class: RNA-protein complexes mediate in vitro capping of the spliced-leader primary transcript and U-RNAs in Trypanosoma cruzi Abstract: A 39-nucleotide spliced leader (SL) is joined to the 5' ends of trypanosome mRNAs in a bimolecular or trans-splicing process. The SL in Trypanosoma cruzi is transcribed as an approximately 110-nucleotide RNA (SL-RNA or SL primary transcript) bearing the 39-nucleotide SL at the 5' end. The SL-RNA is 5' capped by a guanylyltransferase activity prior to trans-splicing and trypanosome mRNAs thus obtain their mature caps from the SL by trans-splicing. We have previously characterized a guanylyltransferase activity from T. cruzi nuclear extracts and shown that this capping activity has an unusual ATP dependence and an apparent specificity for the SL-RNA and U-RNAs. Herein, we show that the capping activity sediments as a 12-15S particle during velocity sedimentation in glycerol gradients and fractionates as a greater than 150-kDa particle during large-pore gel filtration chromatography. Moreover, the endogenous substrate RNAs--the SL-RNA and U-RNAs--consistently copurify with the capping activity, suggesting that the activity and the substrates form a ribonucleoprotein particle. The capping activity and substrate RNAs are not dissociated in isopycnic Cs2SO4 gradients and band at a density expected for an RNA-protein complex, confirming the existence of ribonucleoprotein particles bearing both the activity and its substrate RNAs. Finally, we partially purified these ribonucleoprotein particles and showed that the capping activity remains ATP dependent and highly specific for the SL-RNA and the U-RNAs. These observations are consistent with the hypothesis that one of the functions of trans-splicing is for mRNA capping.	0
Abstract2class: A post-transcriptional mechanism contributes to circadian cycling of a per-beta-galactosidase fusion protein Abstract: The period gene (per) of Drosophila melanogaster affects circadian rhythms. Circadian fluctuations in per mRNA levels are thought to contribute to circadian fluctuations in per protein levels in the heads of adult flies. To address the mechanisms underlying these oscillatory phenomena, we have analyzed RNA and protein cycling from two per-beta-galactosidase fusion genes. These studies demonstrate that 5' noncoding sequences from per are sufficient to cause the fusion mRNA levels to cycle in a wild-type (rhythmic) background. Protein cycling requires additional sequences derived from the per coding region. The data suggest that there is a per-dependent posttranscriptional mechanism that is under circadian clock control required for per protein levels to fluctuate in a rhythmic fashion.	0
Abstract2class: Robust circadian clocks from coupled protein-modification and transcription-translation cycles Abstract: The cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus uses both a protein phosphorylation cycle and a transcription-translation cycle to generate circadian rhythms that are highly robust against biochemical noise. We use stochastic simulations to analyze how these cycles interact to generate stable rhythms in growing, dividing cells. We find that a protein phosphorylation cycle by itself is robust when protein turnover is low. For high decay or dilution rates (and compensating synthesis rates), however, the phosphorylation-based oscillator loses its integrity. Circadian rhythms thus cannot be generated with a phosphorylation cycle alone when the growth rate, and consequently the rate of protein dilution, is high enough; in practice, a purely posttranslational clock ceases to function well when the cell doubling time drops below the 24-h clock period. At higher growth rates, a transcription-translation cycle becomes essential for generating robust circadian rhythms. Interestingly, although a transcription-translation cycle is necessary to sustain a phosphorylation cycle at high growth rates, a phosphorylation cycle can dramatically enhance the robustness of a transcription-translation cycle at lower protein decay or dilution rates. In fact, the full oscillator built from these two tightly intertwined cycles far outperforms not just each of its two components individually, but also a hypothetical system in which the two parts are coupled as in textbook models of coupled phase oscillators. Our analysis thus predicts that both cycles are required to generate robust circadian rhythms over the full range of growth conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Modulation of type M2 pyruvate kinase activity by the human papillomavirus type 16 E7 oncoprotein Abstract: We report here that the E7 oncoprotein encoded by the oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV) type 16 binds to the glycolytic enzyme type M2 pyruvate kinase (M2-PK). M2-PK occurs in a tetrameric form with a high affinity to its substrate phosphoenolpyruvate and a dimeric form with a low affinity to phosphoenolpyruvate, and the transition between both conformations regulates the glycolytic flux in tumor cells. The glycolytic intermediate fructose 1, 6-bisphosphate induces the reassociation of the dimeric to the tetrameric form of M2-PK. The expression of E7 in an experimental cell line shifts the equilibrium to the dimeric state despite a significant increase in the fructose 1,6-bisphosphate levels. Investigations of HPV-16 E7 mutants and the nononcogenic HPV-11 subtype suggest that the interaction of HPV-16 E7 with M2-PK may be linked to the transforming potential of the viral oncoprotein.	0
Abstract2class: TNF-induced structural joint damage is mediated by IL-1 Abstract: Blocking TNF effectively inhibits inflammation and structural damage in human rheumatoid arthritis (RA). However, so far it is unclear whether the effect of TNF is a direct one or indirect on up-regulation of other mediators. IL-1 may be one of these candidates because it has a central role in animal models of arthritis, and inhibition of IL-1 is used as a therapy of human RA. We removed the effects of IL-1 from a TNF-mediated inflammatory joint disease by crossing IL-1alpha and beta-deficient mice (IL-1-/-) with arthritic human TNF-transgenic (hTNFtg) mice. Development of synovial inflammation was almost unaffected on IL-1 deficiency, but bone erosion and osteoclast formation were significantly reduced in IL-1-/-hTNFtg mice, compared with hTNFtg mice based on an intrinsic differentiation defect of IL-1-deficient monocytes. Most dramatically, however, cartilage damage was absent in IL-1-/-hTNFtg mice. Chimera studies revealed that protection of cartilage is based on the loss of IL-1 on hematopoietic, but not mesenchymal, cells, leading to decreased expression of ADAMTS-5 and MMP-3. These data show that TNF-mediated cartilage damage is completely and TNF-mediated bone damage is partially dependent on IL-1, suggesting that IL-1 is a crucial mediator for inflammatory cartilage and bone degradation.	0
Abstract2class: Protein-associated intercalator-induced DNA scission is enhanced by estrogen stimulation in human breast cancer cells Abstract: Estrogen-responsive human breast cancer cells (MCF-7) displayed a higher frequency of intercalator-induced protein-associated DNA scission after treatment with 17 beta-estradiol (E2) than did cells that had not received estrogen treatment. This effect was dependent on estrogen concentration (maximum enhancement at approximately equal to 1 nM E2) and time (maximum effect seen approximately equal to 24 hr after E2 addition). Human breast cancer cells lacking estrogen receptors did not display the enhanced response. Antiestrogens produced a slight decrease in intercalator-induced DNA scission, whereas insulin produced an enhanced effect. The DNA breaks produced by the intercalators 5-iminodaunorubicin and 4'-(9-acridinylamino)methanesulfon-m-anisidide (m-AMSA) in these cells were undetectable without enzymatic deproteinization of cell lysates prior to quantification by alkaline elution. Intercalator-induced DNA-protein crosslinking also was enhanced in E2-treated MCF-7 cells. Studies with m-[14C]AMSA revealed no estrogen-associated increases in drug uptake. The data suggest that E2 treatment, either by specifically and directly increasing active transcription in chromatin or through secondary effects on DNA that accompany alterations in cell growth or cell cycle distribution, alters the susceptibility of DNA to intercalator-induced protein-associated DNA scission. If this enhanced protein-associated scission is selectively localized to transcriptionally active chromatin, the adsorption of the DNA-bound proteins to membrane filters (DNA-protein crosslinking) may allow identification and isolation of estrogen-regulated gene sequences.	0
Abstract2class: Disruption of NMDAR-dependent burst firing by dopamine neurons provides selective assessment of phasic dopamine-dependent behavior Abstract: Midbrain dopamine (DA) neurons fire in 2 characteristic modes, tonic and phasic, which are thought to modulate distinct aspects of behavior. However, the inability to selectively disrupt these patterns of activity has hampered the precise definition of the function of these modes of signaling. Here, we addressed the role of phasic DA in learning and other DA-dependent behaviors by attenuating DA neuron burst firing and subsequent DA release, without altering tonic neural activity. Disruption of phasic DA was achieved by selective genetic inactivation of NMDA-type, ionotropic glutamate receptors in DA neurons. Disruption of phasic DA neuron activity impaired the acquisition of numerous conditioned behavioral responses, and dramatically attenuated learning about cues that predicted rewarding and aversive events while leaving many other DA-dependent behaviors unaffected.	0
Abstract2class: Mitogen-regulated Ca2+ current of T lymphocytes is activated by depletion of intracellular Ca2+ stores Abstract: Stimulated influx of Ca2+ across the plasma membrane of T lymphocytes is an essential triggering signal for T-cell activation by antigen. Regulation of the T-cell Ca2+ conductance is not understood; conflicting evidence supports direct activation by inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate (IP3) or by a signal generated by the depletion of intracellular Ca2+ stores. We have used the perforated-patch recording technique to compare the biophysical properties of Ca2+ currents activated by T-cell receptor stimulation and by thapsigargin, a Ca(2+)-ATPase inhibitor that depletes intracellular stores without generating IP3. Both currents are blocked by Ni2+, are inwardly rectifying, are highly Ca(2+)-selective, and exhibit voltage-independent gating with a unitary chord conductance of approximately 24 fS in isotonic Ca2+. Fluctuation analysis suggests that the underlying Ca2+ transporter is a channel rather than an iron carrier. Thus, in terms of ion permeation, gating, and unitary conductance, the Ca2+ current activated by thapsigargin is indistinguishable from the elicited by crosslinking of T-cell receptors. Moreover, the unitary Ca2+ conductance is > 100-fold smaller than that of previously described IP3-gated, Ca(2+)-permeable channels in T cells [Kuno, M. & Gardner, P. (1987) Nature (London) 326, 301-304]. These results demonstrate that mitogen-activated Ca2+ influx is controlled by the state of intracellular Ca2+ stores rather than by the direct action of IP3 on Ca2+ channels in the plasma membrane.	0
Abstract2class: Direct measurement of free radical generation following reperfusion of ischemic myocardium Abstract: Electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy was used to directly measure free radical generation in perfused rabbit hearts. Hearts were freeze-clamped at 77 degrees K during control perfusion, after 10 min of normothermic global ischemia (no coronary flow), or following post-ischemic reperfusion with oxygenated perfusate. The spectra of these hearts exhibited three different signals with different power saturation and temperature stability: signal A was isotropic with g = 2.004; signal B was anisotropic with axial symmetry with g parallel = 2.033 and g perpendicular = 2.005; signal C was an isotropic triplet with g = 2.000 and hyperfine splitting an = 24 G (1 G = 0.1 mT). The g values, linewidth, power saturation, and temperature stability of signal A are identical to those of a carbon-centered semiquinone, whereas those of signal B are similar to alkyl peroxyl or superoxide oxygen-centered free radicals; signal C is most likely a nitrogen-centered free radical. In the control heart samples signal A predominated, whereas in ischemic hearts signal A decreased in intensity, and signals B and C became more intense; with reperfusion all three signals markedly increased. Free radical concentrations derived from the intensities of the B and C signals peaked 10 sec after initiation of reflow. At this time the oxygen-centered free radical concentration derived from the intensity of signal B was increased over six times the concentration measured in control hearts and over two times the concentration measured in ischemic hearts. Hypoxic reperfusion did not increase any of the free radical signals over the levels observed during ischemia. These experiments directly demonstrate that reactive oxygen-centered free radicals are generated in hearts during ischemia and that a burst of oxygen radical generation occurs within moments of reperfusion.	0
Abstract2class: Electron paramagnetic resonance measurements of free radicals in the intact beating heart: a technique for detection and characterization of free radicals in whole biological tissues Abstract: Free radicals have been hypothesized to be important mediators of disease in a variety of organs and tissues. Electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy can be applied to directly measure free radicals; however, it has not been possible to measure important biological radicals in situ because conventional spectrometer designs are not suitable for the performance of measurements on whole organs or tissues. We report the development of an EPR spectrometer designed for optimum performance in measuring free radicals in intact biological organs or tissues. This spectrometer consists of a 1- to 2-GHz microwave bridge with the source locked to the resonant frequency of a recessed gap loop-gap resonator. With this spectrometer, radical concentrations as low as 0.4 microM can be measured. Isolated beating hearts were studied in which simultaneous real time measurements of free radicals and cardiac contractile function were performed. This in vivo EPR technique was applied to study the kinetics of free radical uptake and metabolism in normally perfused and globally ischemic hearts. In addition, we show that this technique can be used to noninvasively measure tissue oxygen consumption. Thus, it is demonstrated that EPR spectroscopy can be applied to directly measure in vivo free radical metabolism and tissue oxygen consumption. This technique offers great promise in the study of in vivo free radical generation and the effects of this radical generation on whole biological tissues.	0
Abstract2class: Measurement of endothelial cell free radical generation: evidence for a central mechanism of free radical injury in postischemic tissues Abstract: Oxygen free radicals have been demonstrated to be important mediators of postischemic reperfusion injury in a broad variety of tissues; however, the cellular source of free radical generation is still unknown. In this study, electron paramagnetic resonance measurements with the spin trap 5,5'-dimethyl-1-pyrroline-N-oxide (DMPO) demonstrate that bovine endothelial cells subjected to anoxia and reoxygenation become potent generators of superoxide and hydroxyl free radicals. A prominent DMPO-OH signal aN = aH = 14.9 G is observed on reoxygenation after 45 min of anoxic incubation. Quantitative measurements of this free radical generation and the time course of radical generation are performed. Both superoxide dismutase and catalase totally abolish this radical signal, suggesting that O2 is sequentially reduced from O2-. to H2O2 to OH.. Addition of ethanol resulted in trapping of the ethoxy radical, further confirming the generation of OH.. Endothelial radical generation was shown to cause cell death, as evidenced by trypan blue uptake. Radical generation was partially inhibited and partially scavenged by the xanthine oxidase inhibitor allopurinol. Marked inhibition of radical generation was observed with the potent xanthine oxidase inhibitor oxypurinol. These studies demonstrate that endothelial cells subjected to anoxia and reoxygenation, conditions observed in ischemic and reperfused tissues, generate a burst of superoxide-derived hydroxyl free radicals that in turn cause cell injury and cell death. Most of this free radical generation appears to be from the enzyme xanthine oxidase. Thus, endothelial cell free radical generation may be a central mechanism of cellular injury in postischemic tissues.	0
Abstract2class: Dendritic growth gated by a steroid hormone receptor underlies increases in activity in the developing Drosophila locomotor system Abstract: As animals grow, their nervous systems also increase in size. How growth in the central nervous system is regulated and its functional consequences are incompletely understood. We explored these questions, using the larval Drosophila locomotor system as a model. In the periphery, at neuromuscular junctions, motoneurons are known to enlarge their presynaptic axon terminals in size and strength, thereby compensating for reductions in muscle excitability that are associated with increases in muscle size. Here, we studied how motoneurons change in the central nervous system during periods of animal growth. We find that within the central nervous system motoneurons also enlarge their postsynaptic dendritic arbors, by the net addition of branches, and that these scale with overall animal size. This dendritic growth is gated on a cell-by-cell basis by a specific isoform of the steroid hormone receptor ecdysone receptor-B2, for which functions have thus far remained elusive. The dendritic growth is accompanied by synaptic strengthening and results in increased neuronal activity. Electrical properties of these neurons, however, are independent of ecdysone receptor-B2 regulation. We propose that these structural dendritic changes in the central nervous system, which regulate neuronal activity, constitute an additional part of the adaptive response of the locomotor system to increases in body and muscle size as the animal grows.	0
Abstract2class: Complex genetic architecture of Drosophila aggressive behavior Abstract: Epistasis and pleiotropy feature prominently in the genetic architecture of quantitative traits but are difficult to assess in outbred populations. We performed a diallel cross among coisogenic Drosophila P-element mutations associated with hyperaggressive behavior and showed extensive epistatic and pleiotropic effects on aggression, brain morphology, and genome-wide transcript abundance in head tissues. Epistatic interactions were often of greater magnitude than homozygous effects, and the topology of epistatic networks varied among these phenotypes. The transcriptional signatures of homozygous and double heterozygous genotypes derived from the six mutations imply a large mutational target for aggressive behavior and point to evolutionarily conserved genetic mechanisms and neural signaling pathways affecting this universal fitness trait.	0
Abstract2class: Nonlinear shear viscosity and long time tails Abstract: A theoretical connection between nonlinear shear viscosity and the long time tail of the equilibrium stress-stress correlation function is pointed out. The connection is a consequence of the Goddard-Miller rheological equation of state which takes into account the angular rotation of a fluid in steady uniform shear.	0
Abstract2class: Two-state models of protein folding kinetics Abstract: The folding of some proteins appears to be a two-state kinetic process. A two-state kinetic model is justified if protein molecules rapidly equilibrate between different unfolded conformations prior to complete folding. Here I show that this rapid equilibration is a natural consequence of reasonable assumptions about reaction rate constants and folding thermodynamics.	0
Abstract2class: Simple model of protein folding kinetics Abstract: A simple model of the kinetics of protein folding is presented. The reaction coordinate is the "correctness" of a configuration compared with the native state. The model has a gap in the energy spectrum, a large configurational entropy, a free energy barrier between folded and partially folded states, and a good thermodynamic folding transition. Folding kinetics is described by a master equation. The folding time is estimated by means of a local thermodynamic equilibrium assumption and then is calculated both numerically and analytically by solving the master equation. The folding time has a maximum near the folding transition temperature and can have a minimum at a lower temperature.	0
Abstract2class: Generalized Verhulst laws for population growth Abstract: The growth or decay of population of a single species interacting with a large number of other species (or environment) according to the Volterra-Lotka model is investigated. When the environment is initially very close to its equilibrium level, the growth of a single species follows a generalized Verhulst law, containing hereditary effects. The derivation, modeled on statistical mechanical theories of Brownian motion, leads also to a "noise" source and to its relation to the heredity kernel. A special case, where the hereditary kernel is a damped exponential function of time, is solved numerically. When growth starts at a level much below equilibrium, the population first overshoots equilibrium and then approaches it. When decay starts at a level much higher than equilibrium, the population first decays precipitously to a very low level and then slowly grows toward equilibrium.	0
Abstract2class: Diffusion in a rough potential Abstract: Diffusion in a spatially rough one-dimensional potential is treated by analysis of the mean first passage time. A general expression is found for the effective diffusion coefficient, which can become very small at low temperatures.	0
Abstract2class: Diffusion-controlled ligand binding to spheres partially covered by receptors: an effective medium treatment Abstract: An effective medium treatment is used to extend Berg and Purcell's theory of diffusion-controlled ligand binding to a sphere partially covered by receptors. This treatment takes into account more completely the effects of interference between receptors. The results are in excellent agreement with computer simulations by Northrup.	0
Abstract2class: Levinthal's paradox Abstract: Levinthal's paradox is that finding the native folded state of a protein by a random search among all possible configurations can take an enormously long time. Yet proteins can fold in seconds or less. Mathematical analysis of a simple model shows that a small and physically reasonable energy bias against locally unfavorable configurations, of the order of a few kT, can reduce Levinthal's time to a biologically significant size.	0
Abstract2class: Tunable soft structure in charged fluids confined by dielectric interfaces Abstract: Fluids of charged particles act as the supporting medium for chemical reactions and physical, dynamical, and biological processes. The local structure in an electrolytic background is deformed by micro- and nanoscopic polarizable objects. Vice versa, the forces between the objects are regulated by the cohesive properties of the background. We study here the range and strength of these forces and the microscopic origin from which they emerge. We find the forces to be sensitively dependent on the material properties of the charged fluid and the immersed solutes. The induced interactions can be varied over decades, offering high tunability and aided by accurate theory, control in experiments and applications. To distinguish correlational effects from simple ionic screening, we describe electrolyte-induced forces between neutral objects. The interplay of thermal motion, short-range repulsions, and electrostatic forces is responsible for a soft structure in the fluid. This structure changes near polarizable interfaces and causes diverse attractions between confining walls that seem well-exploited by microbiological systems. For parameters that correspond to monovalent electrolytes in biologically and technologically relevant aqueous environments, we find induced forces between nanoscopic areas of the order of piconewtons over a few nanometers.	0
Abstract2class: Being surveyed can change later behavior and related parameter estimates Abstract: Does completing a household survey change the later behavior of those surveyed? In three field studies of health and two of microlending, we randomly assigned subjects to be surveyed about health and/or household finances and then measured subsequent use of a related product with data that does not rely on subjects' self-reports. In the three health experiments, we find that being surveyed increases use of water treatment products and take-up of medical insurance. Frequent surveys on reported diarrhea also led to biased estimates of the impact of improved source water quality. In two microlending studies, we do not find an effect of being surveyed on borrowing behavior. The results suggest that limited attention could play an important but context-dependent role in consumer choice, with the implication that researchers should reconsider whether, how, and how much to survey their subjects.	0
Abstract2class: Otoancorin, an inner ear protein restricted to the interface between the apical surface of sensory epithelia and their overlying acellular gels, is defective in autosomal recessive deafness DFNB22 Abstract: A 3,673-bp murine cDNA predicted to encode a glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchored protein of 1,088 amino acids was isolated during a study aimed at identifying transcripts specifically expressed in the inner ear. This inner ear-specific protein, otoancorin, shares weak homology with megakaryocyte potentiating factor/mesothelin precursor. Otoancorin is located at the interface between the apical surface of the inner ear sensory epithelia and their overlying acellular gels. In the cochlea, otoancorin is detected at two attachment zones of the tectorial membrane, a permanent one along the top of the spiral limbus and a transient one on the surface of the developing greater epithelial ridge. In the vestibule, otoancorin is present on the apical surface of nonsensory cells, where they contact the otoconial membranes and cupulae. The identification of the mutation (IVS12+2T>C) in the corresponding gene OTOA in one consanguineous Palestinian family affected by nonsyndromic recessive deafness DFNB22 assigns an essential function to otoancorin. We propose that otoancorin ensures the attachment of the inner ear acellular gels to the apical surface of the underlying nonsensory cells.	0
Abstract2class: Target-selected gene inactivation in Caenorhabditis elegans by using a frozen transposon insertion mutant bank Abstract: To understand how genotype determines the phenotype of the animal Caenorhabditis elegans, one ideally needs to know the complete sequence of the genome and the contribution of genes to phenotype, which requires an efficient strategy for reverse genetics. We here report that the Tc1 transposon induces frequent deletions of flanking DNA, apparently resulting from Tc1 excision followed by imprecise DNA repair. We use this to inactivate genes in two steps. (i) We established a frozen library of 5000 nematode lines mutagenized by Tc1 insertion, from which insertion mutants of genes of interest can be recovered. Their address within the library is determined by PCR. (ii) Animals are then screened, again by PCR, to detect derivatives in which Tc1 and 1000-2000 base pairs of flanking DNA are deleted, and thus a gene of interest is inactivated. We have thus far isolated Tc1 insertions in 16 different genes and obtained deletion derivatives of 6 of those.	0
Abstract2class: Ca2+ dysregulation in Ryr1(I4895T/wt) mice causes congenital myopathy with progressive formation of minicores, cores, and nemaline rods Abstract: Ryr1(I4895T/wt) (IT/+) mice express a knockin mutation corresponding to the human I4898T EC-uncoupling mutation in the type 1 ryanodine receptor/Ca(2+) release channel (RyR1), which causes a severe form of central core disease (CCD). IT/+ mice exhibit a slowly progressive congenital myopathy, with neonatal respiratory stress, skeletal muscle weakness, impaired mobility, dorsal kyphosis, and hind limb paralysis. Lesions observed in myofibers from diseased mice undergo age-dependent transformation from minicores to cores and nemaline rods. Early ultrastructural abnormalities include sarcomeric misalignment, Z-line streaming, focal loss of cross-striations, and myofibrillar splitting and intermingling that may arise from defective myofibrillogenesis. However, manifestation of the disease phenotype is highly variable on a Sv129 genomic background. Quantitative RT-PCR shows an equimolar ratio of WT and mutant Ryr1 transcripts within IT/+ myofibers and total RyR1 protein expression levels are normal. We propose a unifying theory in which the cause of core formation lies in functional heterogeneity among RyR1 tetramers. Random combinations of normal and either leaky or EC-uncoupled RyR subunits would lead to spatial differences in Ca(2+) transients; the resulting heterogeneity of contraction among myofibrils would lead to focal, irreversible tearing and shearing, which would, over time, enlarge to form minicores, cores, and nemaline rods. The IT/+ mouse line is proposed to be a valid model of RyR1-related congenital myopathy, offering high potential for elucidation of the pathogenesis of skeletal muscle disorders arising from impaired EC coupling.	0
Abstract2class: An Ryr1I4895T mutation abolishes Ca2+ release channel function and delays development in homozygous offspring of a mutant mouse line Abstract: A heterozygous Ile4898 to Thr (I4898T) mutation in the human type 1 ryanodine receptor/Ca(2+) release channel (RyR1) leads to a severe form of central core disease. We created a mouse line in which the corresponding Ryr1(I4895T) mutation was introduced by using a "knockin" protocol. The heterozygote does not exhibit an overt disease phenotype, but homozygous (IT/IT) mice are paralyzed and die perinatally, apparently because of asphyxia. Histological analysis shows that IT/IT mice have greatly reduced and amorphous skeletal muscle. Myotubes are small, nuclei remain central, myofibrils are disarranged, and no cross striation is obvious. Many areas indicate probable degeneration, with shortened myotubes containing central stacks of pyknotic nuclei. Other manifestations of a delay in completion of late stages of embryogenesis include growth retardation and marked delay in ossification, dermatogenesis, and cardiovascular development. Electron microscopy of IT/IT muscle demonstrates appropriate targeting and positioning of RyR1 at triad junctions and a normal organization of dihydropyridine receptor (DHPR) complexes into RyR1-associated tetrads. Functional studies carried out in cultured IT/IT myotubes show that ligand-induced and DHPR-activated RyR1 Ca(2+) release is absent, although retrograde enhancement of DHPR Ca(2+) conductance is retained. IT/IT mice, in which RyR1-mediated Ca(2+) release is abolished without altering the formation of the junctional DHPR-RyR1 macromolecular complex, provide a valuable model for elucidation of the role of RyR1-mediated Ca(2+) signaling in mammalian embryogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: RAN proteins and RNA foci from antisense transcripts in C9ORF72 ALS and frontotemporal dementia Abstract: The finding that a GGGGCC (G4C2) hexanucleotide repeat expansion in the chromosome 9 ORF 72 (C9ORF72) gene is a common cause of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and frontotemporal dementia (FTD) links ALS/FTD to a large group of unstable microsatellite diseases. Previously, we showed that microsatellite expansion mutations can be bidirectionally transcribed and that these mutations express unexpected proteins by a unique mechanism, repeat-associated non-ATG (RAN) translation. In this study, we show that C9ORF72 antisense transcripts are elevated in the brains of C9ORF72 expansion-positive [C9(+)] patients, and antisense GGCCCC (G2C4) repeat-expansion RNAs accumulate in nuclear foci in brain. Additionally, sense and antisense foci accumulate in blood and are potential biomarkers of the disease. Furthermore, we show that RAN translation occurs from both sense and antisense expansion transcripts, resulting in the expression of six RAN proteins (antisense: Pro-Arg, Pro-Ala, Gly-Pro; and sense: Gly-Ala, Gly-Arg, Gly-Pro). These proteins accumulate in cytoplasmic aggregates in affected brain regions, including the frontal and motor cortex, hippocampus, and spinal cord neurons, with some brain regions showing dramatic RAN protein accumulation and clustering. The finding that unique antisense G2C4 RNA foci and three unique antisense RAN proteins accumulate in patient tissues indicates that bidirectional transcription of expanded alleles is a fundamental pathologic feature of C9ORF72 ALS/FTD. Additionally, these findings suggest the need to test therapeutic strategies that target both sense and antisense RNAs and RAN proteins in C9ORF72 ALS/FTD, and to more broadly consider the role of antisense expression and RAN translation across microsatellite expansion diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Non-ATG-initiated translation directed by microsatellite expansions Abstract: Trinucleotide expansions cause disease by both protein- and RNA-mediated mechanisms. Unexpectedly, we discovered that CAG expansion constructs express homopolymeric polyglutamine, polyalanine, and polyserine proteins in the absence of an ATG start codon. This repeat-associated non-ATG translation (RAN translation) occurs across long, hairpin-forming repeats in transfected cells or when expansion constructs are integrated into the genome in lentiviral-transduced cells and brains. Additionally, we show that RAN translation across human spinocerebellar ataxia type 8 (SCA8) and myotonic dystrophy type 1 (DM1) CAG expansion transcripts results in the accumulation of SCA8 polyalanine and DM1 polyglutamine expansion proteins in previously established SCA8 and DM1 mouse models and human tissue. These results have implications for understanding fundamental mechanisms of gene expression. Moreover, these toxic, unexpected, homopolymeric proteins now should be considered in pathogenic models of microsatellite disorders.	0
Abstract2class: The t(10;14)(q24;q11) of T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia juxtaposes the delta T-cell receptor with TCL3, a conserved and activated locus at 10q24 Abstract: We cloned the t(10;14) recurrent translocation from CD3-negative T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia cells. The breakpoint at 14q11 involved an intermediate rearrangement of the delta T-cell receptor locus, suggesting that the translocation arose at the time of antigen receptor assemblage. Translocation introduced chromosome segment 10q24 as proven by hybridization of a breakpoint-derived probe to flow-sorted chromosomes and metaphase chromosomes. Two t(10;14) breakpoints were clustered within a 600-base-pair region of 10q24 but no heptamer-spacer-nonamer motifs resembling T-cell receptor/immunoglobulin rearrangement signals were noted at the breakpoint. A locus distinct from terminal deoxynucleotidyltransferase was found at 10q24. Evolutionarily conserved regions surrounding the 10q24 breakpoint were examined for transcriptional activity. A region telomeric to the 10q24 breakpoint, expected to translocate to the der(14) chromosome, recognized an abundant 2.9-kilobase RNA in a t(10;14) T-cell leukemia. This locus was not active in a variety of other normal and neoplastic T cells, arguing that it was deregulated by the introduction of the T-cell receptor. This locus is a candidate for a putative protooncogene, TCL3, involved in T-cell neoplasia.	0
Abstract2class: Re-expression of the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin abrogates the malignant phenotype of breast carcinoma cells Abstract: To assess the role of altered alpha 2 beta 1 integrin expression in breast cancer, we expressed the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin de novo in a poorly differentiated mammary carcinoma that expressed no detectable alpha 2-integrin subunit. Expression of the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin resulted in a dramatic phenotypic alteration from a fibroblastoid, spindle-shaped, non-contact-inhibited, motile, and invasive cell to an epithelioid, polygonal-shaped, contact-inhibited, less motile, and less invasive cell. Although expression of the alpha 2 subunit did not alter adhesion to collagen, it profoundly altered cell spreading. Re-expression of the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin restored the ability to differentiate into gland-like structures in three-dimensional matrices and markedly reduced the in vivo tumorigenicity of the cells. These results indicate that the consequences of diminished alpha 2 beta 1-integrin expression in the development of breast cancer and, presumably, of other epithelial malignancies are increased tumorigenicity and loss of the differentiated epithelial phenotype.	0
Abstract2class: Complex nested promoters control tissue-specific expression of acetyl-CoA carboxylase genes in wheat Abstract: Cis-acting regulatory elements of the wheat acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) gene family were identified by comparing the promoter activity of 5' end gene fragments fused to a reporter gene in two transient expression systems: wheat protoplasts and epidermal cells of mature embryos. Expression of the plastid and the cytosolic ACC genes is each driven by two nested promoters responsible for the synthesis of two transcript types. The internal promoter is located in an intron removed from transcripts originating at the first promoter. These complex promoters, which are different for the cytosolic and plastid ACC genes, control tissue-specific expression of the enzymatic activity supplying cytosolic, plastid, and mitochondrial pools of malonyl-CoA. The activity of one such complex promoter, driving expression of one of the cytosolic ACC genes, was studied throughout development of transgenic wheat plants carrying a full-length promoter-reporter gene fusion. High activity of the promoter was detected in the coleoptile, in the upper sheath section of the leaf, on the top surface of the ovary, in some sections of the main veins in the lemma and glume, and in abaxial epidermis hair cells of the lemma, glume, and rachis. The findings are consistent with the developmental and environmental requirements for very-long-chain fatty acids and flavonoids, whose synthesis begins with the ACC reaction in the cytosol of these specific cell types.	0
Abstract2class: Growth of Toxoplasma gondii is inhibited by aryloxyphenoxypropionate herbicides targeting acetyl-CoA carboxylase Abstract: Aryloxyphenoxypropionates, inhibitors of the plastid acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) of grasses, also inhibit Toxoplasma gondii ACC. Clodinafop, the most effective of the herbicides tested, inhibits growth of T. gondii in human fibroblasts by 70% at 10 microM in 2 days and effectively eliminates the parasite in 2-4 days at 10-100 microM. Clodinafop is not toxic to the host cell even at much higher concentrations. Parasite growth inhibition by different herbicides is correlated with their ability to inhibit ACC enzyme activity, suggesting that ACC is a target for these agents. Fragments of genes encoding the biotin carboxylase domain of multidomain ACCs of T. gondii, Plasmodium falciparum, Plasmodium knowlesi, and Cryptosporidium parvum were sequenced. One T. gondii ACC (ACC1) amino acid sequence clusters with P. falciparum ACC, P. knowlesi ACC, and the putative Cyclotella cryptica chloroplast ACC. Another sequence (ACC2) clusters with that of C. parvum ACC, probably the cytosolic form.	0
Abstract2class: Adenosine deaminase-related growth factors stimulate cell proliferation in Drosophila by depleting extracellular adenosine Abstract: We describe a protein family in Drosophila containing six adenosine deaminase-related growth factors (ADGFs), which are homologous to a mitogenic growth factor discovered in conditioned medium from cells of a different fly species, Sarcophaga. Closely related proteins have been identified in other animals, and a human homolog is implicated in the genetic disease Cat-Eye Syndrome. The two most abundantly expressed ADGFs in Drosophila larvae are ADGF-A, which is strongly expressed in the gut and lymph glands, and ADGF-D, which is mainly expressed in the fat body and brain. Recombinant ADGF-A and ADGF-D are active adenosine deaminases (ADAs), and they cause polarization and serum-independent proliferation of imaginal disk and embryonic cells in vitro. The enzymatic activity of these proteins is required for their mitogenic function, making them unique among growth factors. A culture medium prepared without adenosine, or depleted of adenosine by using bovine ADA, also stimulates proliferation of imaginal disk cells, and addition of adenosine to this medium inhibits proliferation. Thus ADGFs secreted in vivo may control tissue growth by modulating the level of extracellular adenosine.	0
Abstract2class: Purine metabolite inosine is an adrenergic neurotrophic substance for cultured chicken sympathetic neurons Abstract: Purines are ubiquitous endogenous cellular metabolites that have been postulated as neurotransmitters or neuromodulators in the nervous system. Recently, we showed that a low-molecular-mass component present in liver-conditioned medium selectively enhances the adrenergic properties of dissociated chicken sympathetic neurons in culture. We report here that this substance is inosine, a purine metabolite. Indeed, analysis of the low-molecular-mass fraction of liver-conditioned medium by HPLC shows that the neurotrophic activity coelutes with and has the same absorption spectrum as inosine. Inosine increases incorporation of [3H]leucine into neuronal protein and stimulates catecholamine, but not acetylcholine, production by the sympathetic neurons in a dose-dependent fashion (half-maximal stimulation at 10(-6) M). This effect can be blocked by 5 x 10(-6) M dipyridamole, an inhibitor of nucleoside transport. Inosine therefore appears to be capable of modulating adrenergic phenotypic expression in cultured sympathetic neurons by acting via an as-yet-unknown intracellular pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning and characterization of a female genital complex cDNA from the liver fluke Fasciola hepatica Abstract: A cDNA clone whose RNA is abundant in the female genital complex of the liver fluke Fasciola hepatica has been isolated from a cDNA library in lambda gt10 by differential screening. The pattern of expression in different fluke tissues and at different stages of miracidium formation suggests that this gene is expressed in the F. hepatica vitelleria. The nucleotide sequence of the cloned cDNA was determined and the primary structure of the putative protein was deduced. The proposed protein is rich in glycine, lysine, and tyrosine and its overall amino acid composition agrees with that reported for the F. hepatica egg shell. The clone has homology with DNA from other trematodes; this homology is higher in organisms in which egg development is similar to that of F. hepatica and suggests that the protein is conserved in organisms in which miracidium formation occurs in fresh water.	0
Abstract2class: Obligatory role in GTP hydrolysis for the amide carbonyl oxygen of the Mg(2+)-coordinating Thr of regulatory GTPases Abstract: When G-protein alpha subunits binds GTP and Mg(2+), they transition from their inactive to their active conformation. This transition is accompanied by completion of the coordination shell of Mg(2+) with electrons from six oxygens: two water molecules, the ss and gamma phosphoryls of GTP, a helix-alpha1 Ser, and a switch I domain (SWI) Thr, and the repositioning of SWI and SWII domains. SWII binds and regulates effector enzymes and facilitates GTP hydrolysis by repositioning the gamma-carbonyl of a Gln. Mutating the Ser generates regulatory GTPases that cannot lock Mg(2+) into its place and are locked in their inactive state with dominant negative properties. Curiously, mutating the Thr appears to reduce GTP hydrolysis. The reason for this difference is not known because it is also not known why removal of the Thr should affect the overall GTPase cycle differently than removal of the Ser. Working with recombinant Gsalpha, we report that mutating its SWI-Thr to either Ala, Glu, Gln, or Asp results not only in diminished GTPase activity but also in spontaneous activation of the SWII domain. Upon close examination of existing alpha subunit crystals, we noted the oxygen of the backbone carbonyl of SWI-Thr and of the gamma-carbonyl of SWII Gln to be roughly equidistant from the oxygen of the hydrolytic H(2)O. Our observations indicate that the Gln and Thr carbonyls play equihierarchical roles in the GTPase process and provide the mechanism that explains why mutating the Thr mimics mutating the Gln and not that of the Ser.	0
Abstract2class: The same mutation in Gsalpha and transducin alpha reveals behavioral differences between these highly homologous G protein alpha-subunits Abstract: Mutating Arg-238 to Glu (R238E) in the switch 3 region of a transducin alpha (*Talpha) in which 27 aa of the GTPase domain have been replaced with those of the alpha-subunit of the inhibitory G protein 1 (Gi1alpha), was reported to create an alpha-subunit that is resistant to activation by GTPgammaS, is devoid of resident nucleotide, and has dominant negative (DN) properties. In an attempt to create a DN stimultory G protein alpha (Gsalpha) with a single mutation we created Gsalpha-R265E, equivalent to *Talpha-R238E. Gsalpha-R265E has facilitated activation by GTPgammaS, a slightly facilitated activation by GTP but much reduced receptor plus GTP stimulated activation, and an apparently unaltered ability to interact with receptor as seen in ligand binding studies. Further, the activity profile of Gsalpha-R265E is that of an alpha-subunit with unaltered or increased GTPase activity. The only change in Gsalpha that is similar to that in *Talpha is that the apparent affinity for guanine nucleotides is decreased in both proteins. The molecular basis of the changed properties are discussed based on the known crystal structure of Gsalpha and the changes introduced by the same mutation in a *Talpha (Gtalpha*) with only 23 aa from Gi1alpha. Gtalpha*-R238E, with four fewer mutations in switch 3, was reported to show no evidence of DN properties, is activated by GTPgammaS, and has reduced GTPase activity. The data highlight a critical role for the switch 3 region in setting overall properties of signal-transducing GTPases.	0
Abstract2class: Facile transfer of [2Fe-2S] clusters from the diabetes drug target mitoNEET to an apo-acceptor protein Abstract: MitoNEET (mNT) is an outer mitochondrial membrane target of the thiazolidinedione diabetes drugs with a unique fold and a labile [2Fe-2S] cluster. The rare 1-His and 3-Cys coordination of mNT's [2Fe-2S] leads to cluster lability that is strongly dependent on the presence of the single histidine ligand (His87). These properties of mNT are similar to known [2Fe-2S] shuttle proteins. Here we investigated whether mNT is capable of cluster transfer to acceptor protein(s). Facile [2Fe-2S] cluster transfer is observed between oxidized mNT and apo-ferredoxin (a-Fd) using UV-VIS spectroscopy and native-PAGE, as well as with a mitochondrial iron detection assay in cells. The transfer is unidirectional, proceeds to completion, and occurs with a second-order-reaction rate that is comparable to known iron-sulfur transfer proteins. Mutagenesis of His87 with Cys (H87C) inhibits transfer of the [2Fe-2S] clusters to a-Fd. This inhibition is beyond that expected from increased cluster kinetic stability, as the equivalently stable Lys55 to Glu (K55E) mutation did not inhibit transfer. The H87C mutant also failed to transfer its iron to mitochondria in HEK293 cells. The diabetes drug pioglitazone inhibits iron transfer from WT mNT to mitochondria, indicating that pioglitazone affects a specific property, [2Fe-2S] cluster transfer, in the cellular environment. This finding is interesting in light of the role of iron overload in diabetes. Our findings suggest a likely role for mNT in [2Fe-2S] and/or iron transfer to acceptor proteins and support the idea that pioglitazone's antidiabetic mode of action may, in part, be to inhibit transfer of mNT's [2Fe-2S] cluster.	0
Abstract2class: Cytochalasin B: effect on lysosomal enzyme release from human leukocytes Abstract: The morphological and biochemical consequences of treatment of human peripheral blood leukocytes with cytochalasin B were studied. Incubation of human polymorphs with cytochalasin B resulted in nuclear and cytoplasmic spreading, but not in spontaneous release of lysosomal enzymes. Cytochalasin B inhibited particle uptake. Consequently, phagocytic vacuoles were not observed; instead, granule contents were discharged directly into the surrounding medium when cytochalasin B-treated cells were challenged with zymosan particles. Cytochalasin B enhanced the release of lysosomal enzymes from human polymorphonuclear leukocytes whether these encountered zymosan particles or immune complexes on a nonphagocytosable Millipore filter. Cytochalasin B-treated leukocytes thus constitute a model system for quantitative study of lysosome fusion. Augmented enzyme release was blocked by prior treatment of cells with pharmacological doses of agents that influence the accumulation of cyclic nucleotides (cyclic nucleotides themselves, prostaglandin E(1)) or by compounds that interfere with microtubule function (e.g., colchicine, vinblastine). These observations suggest that one action of cytochalasin B on phagocytic cells is to remove the normal constraints to merger of granules, either with each other or with the plasma membrane, and that intact microtubule function is required for translocation of lysosomes.	0
Abstract2class: Auxin-induced changes in the patterns of protein synthesis in soybean hypocotyl Abstract: The patterns of protein synthesis in elongating and mature (basal) sections of soybean hypocotyl were examined after incubation in a medium containing auxin (auxin-treated) or a medium lacking auxin (untreated). The hypocotyl sections (1.2 cm) were labeled with [(35)S]methionine, and polypeptide patterns were analyzed by one- and two-dimensional polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. Auxin treatment altered the pattern of protein synthesis in both elongating and basal soybean hypocotyl sections. Excision of terminal segments from incubated sections was required to clearly observe auxin-induced changes in the synthesis of polypeptides. Polypeptides synthesized in terminal segments, possibly in response to wounding, can mask subtle changes in the spectrum of polypeptides synthesized in response to auxin. Cytokinin treatment caused a decrease in [(35)S]methionine incorporation into polypeptides and altered the pattern of protein synthesis in untreated and auxin-treated elongating hypocotyl sections.	0
Abstract2class: A little bit of lithium does a lot for hydrogen Abstract: From detailed assessments of electronic structure, we find that a combination of significantly quantal elements, six of seven atoms being hydrogen, becomes a stable metal at a pressure approximately 1/4 of that required to metalize pure hydrogen itself. The system, LiH(6) (and other LiH(n)), may well have extensions beyond the constituent lithium. These hypothetical materials demonstrate that nontraditional stoichiometries can considerably expand the view of chemical combination under moderate pressure.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence of the gene for the M(r) 32,000 thylakoid membrane protein from Spinacia oleracea and Nicotiana debneyi predicts a totally conserved primary translation product of M(r) 38,950 Abstract: The gene for the so-called M(r) 32,000 rapidly labeled photosystem II thylakoid membrane protein (here designated psbA) of spinach (Spinacia oleracea) chloroplasts is located on the chloroplast DNA in the large single-copy region immediately adjacent to one of the inverted repeat sequences. In this paper we show that the size of the mRNA for this protein is approximately 1.25 kilobases and that the direction of transcription is towards the inverted repeat unit. The nucleotide sequence of the gene and its flanking regions is presented. The only large open reading frame in the sequence codes for a protein of M(r) 38,950. The nucleotide sequence of psbA from Nicotiana debneyi also has been determined, and comparison of the sequences from the two species shows them to be highly conserved (>95% homology) throughout the entire reading frame. Conservation of the amino acid sequence is absolute, there being no changes in a total of 353 residues. This leads us to conclude that the primary translation product of psbA must be a protein of M(r) 38,950. The protein is characterized by the complete absence of lysine residues and is relatively rich in hydrophobic amino acids, which tend to be clustered. Transcription of spinach psbA starts about 86 base pairs before the first ATG codon. Immediately upstream from this point there is a sequence typical of that found in E. coli promoters. An almost identical sequence occurs in the equivalent region of N. debneyi DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Structures of the genes for the beta and epsilon subunits of spinach chloroplast ATPase indicate a dicistronic mRNA and an overlapping translation stop/start signal Abstract: A 2,4-kilobase-pair region of spinach chloroplast DNA adjacent to the gene for the large subunit of ribulosebisphosphate carboxylase has been analyzed by RNA hybridization, in vitro transcription/translation, and DNA sequence determination. The analysis indicates that this region carries the genes for the beta and epsilon subunits of chloroplast ATPase and that the two genes are cotranscribed into a dicistronic mRNA with 4-base-pair overlap between the stop codon of the beta-subunit gene and the start codon of the epsilon-subunit gene. The ATPase and carboxylase genes are transcribed divergently with respect to each other. The deduced amino acid sequences of the beta and epsilon subunits from spinach show 67% and 26% homology, respectively, with the published sequences of the beta and epsilon subunits of Escherichia coli ATPase.	0
Abstract2class: Translational control of transcription termination at the attenuator of the Escherichia coli tryptophan operon Abstract: We have isolated two regulatory mutants altered in the leader region of the Escherichia coli tryptophan (trp) operon. In one mutant, trpL29, the AUG translation start codon for the trip leader peptide is replaced by AUA. The other mutant, trpL75, has a G leads to A change at residue 75, immediately after the UGA translation stop codon for the trp leader peptide. In vivo, trpL29 and trpL75 increase the efficiency of transcription termination at the trp attenuator 3- to 5-fold. trpL29 and trpL75 also fail to respond fully to tryptophan starvation and other conditions that normally relieve transcription termination at the trp attenuator. The trpL29 mutation, which presumably reduces synthesis of the trp leader peptide, is cis dominant. The effect of starvation for a number of the amino acids in the trp leader peptide was determined. Only starvation for tryptophan and arginine, amino acids that occur at residues 10, 11, and 12 of the 14-residue trp leader peptide, elicits relief of transcription termination. Our findings suggest that translation of trp leader RNA is involved in regulation of transcription termination at the attenuator. A model is discussed in which the location of the ribosome synthesizing the leader peptide is communicated to the RNA polymerase transcribing the leader region.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence of the leader region of the phenylalanine operon of Escherichia coli Abstract: The pheA structural gene of the phenylalanine operon of Escherichia coli is preceded by a transcribed leader region of about 170 nucleotide pairs. In vitro transcription of plasmids and restriction fragments containing the phe promoter and leader region yields a major RNA transcript about 140 nucleotides in length. This transcript, pheA leader RNA, has the following features: (i) a potential ribosome binding site and AUG translation start codon about 20 nucleotides from its 5' end; (ii) 14 additional in phase amino acid codons and a UGA stop codon after the AUG; 7 of these 14 are Phe codons; (iii) a 3'-OH terminus about 140 nucleotides from the 5' end (transcription termination occurs in an A.T-rich region which is subsequent to a G.C-rich region; just beyond the site of transcription termination there is a sequence corresponding to a ribosome binding site and the AUG translation start codon of the pheA structural gene); (iv) a sequence which would permit extensive intrastrand stable hydrogen bonding. In addition to G.C-rich stem structures, highly analogous to those proposed for the leader RNAs of the tryptophan operons of E. coli and Salmonella typhimurium [Lee, F. & Yanofsky, C. (1977) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 74, 4365-4369], there is also extensive base-pairing possible between the phe codon region and a more distal region of the leader transcript. The roles of synthesis of the Phe-rich leader peptide and secondary structure of the leader transcript in the regulation of transcription termination at the attenuator of the phe operon are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Tumor initiators and promoters in the induction of Epstein-Barr virus Abstract: The effect of various tumor initiators and promoters on induction of persisting Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) in different lines of lymphoblastoid cells was analyzed. Neither five polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, amongst them potent tumor initiators (e.g., 7,12-dimethylbenz[a]anthracene), nor the potent (ultimate) liver carcinogen N-acetoxy-N-2-acetylamino-fluorene induced EBV. A series of compounds, representing three classes of tumor-promoting diterpene esters (e.g., 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate), efficiently induced EBV in persistently infected cells. The concentration required for maximal induction ranged between 0.5 and 100 nM. Some nonpromoting diterpenes (phorbol, 4alpha-phorbol-12,13-didecanoate, and ingenol) did not induce EBV. However, the nonpromoters, resiniferatoxin and 12-deoxyphorbol-13-decatrienoate, were effective, whereas anthralin, a tumor promoter, did not induce EBV. In three lines of EBV genome-carrying cells (Raji, NC-37, and RPMI 64-10) only abortive induction was noted, leading exclusively to synthesis of early antigen. In cells of lines with low spontaneous virus release (P3HR-1, B95-8, and QIMR-Wil), upon treatment with tetradecanoylphorbol acetate, approximately 20-40 times more viral DNA was recovered as compared to untreated controls. Viral DNA from tetradeca-noylphorbol acetate-induced cultures revealed the same restriction endonuclease cleavage pattern as viral DNA obtained from noninduced cells. Within 10 days after induction, release of infectious virus increased approximately by one order of magnitude. Prostaglandins, reported to be released after treatment with tumor promoters, were ineffective in virus induction under the conditions tested.	0
Abstract2class: Use of anti-idiotypic antibodies to identify a receptor for the T-cell I-J determinant Abstract: In order to identify the molecule(s) interacting with the I-J determinant on suppressor T cells, we have generated two anti-idiotypic sera: one to monoclonal anti-I-Jd antibody and one to monoclonal anti-I-Jk antibody. These antisera specifically block suppressor T-cell function in a genetically restricted manner and have no effect on helper T-cell activation. Both recognize a marker on primary monocytes and B cells but not on T cells. A myeloma cell line bearing this marker has been identified. Therefore, these antisera may recognize a molecule on cells interacting with suppressor T cells that is involved in mediating suppressor T-cell activity. The relationship between the T-cell I-J determinant and the molecule identified by the anti-idiotype may be similar to the relationship between the receptor on helper T cells and Ia molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Dynamic FtsA and FtsZ localization and outer membrane alterations during polar growth and cell division in Agrobacterium tumefaciens Abstract: Growth and cell division in rod-shaped bacteria have been primarily studied in species that grow predominantly by peptidoglycan (PG) synthesis along the length of the cell. Rhizobiales species, however, predominantly grow by PG synthesis at a single pole. Here we characterize the dynamic localization of several Agrobacterium tumefaciens components during the cell cycle. First, the lipophilic dye FM 4-64 predominantly stains the outer membranes of old poles versus growing poles. In cells about to divide, however, both poles are equally labeled with FM 4-64, but the constriction site is not. Second, the cell-division protein FtsA alternates from unipolar foci in the shortest cells to unipolar and midcell localization in cells of intermediate length, to strictly midcell localization in the longest cells undergoing septation. Third, the cell division protein FtsZ localizes in a cell-cycle pattern similar to, but more complex than, FtsA. Finally, because PG synthesis is spatially and temporally regulated during the cell cycle, we treated cells with sublethal concentrations of carbenicillin (Cb) to assess the role of penicillin-binding proteins in growth and cell division. Cb-treated cells formed midcell circumferential bulges, suggesting that interrupted PG synthesis destabilizes the septum. Midcell bulges contained bands or foci of FtsA-GFP and FtsZ-GFP and no FM 4-64 label, as in untreated cells. There were no abnormal morphologies at the growth poles in Cb-treated cells, suggesting unipolar growth uses Cb-insensitive PG synthesis enzymes.	0
Abstract2class: Agrobacterium VirE2 protein mediates nuclear uptake of single-stranded DNA in plant cells Abstract: Agrobacterium genetically transforms plant cells by transferring a single-stranded DNA (ssDNA) copy of the transferred DNA (T-DNA) element, the T-strand, in a complex with Agrobacterium proteins VirD2, bound to the 5' end, and VirE2. VirE2 binds single-stranded nucleic acid cooperatively, fully coating the T-strand, and the protein localizes to the plant cell nucleus when transiently expressed. The coupling of ssDNA binding and nuclear localizing activities suggests that VirE2 alone could mediate nuclear localization of ssDNA. In this study, fluorescently labeled ssDNA accumulated in the plant cell nucleus specifically when microinjected as a complex with VirE2. Microinjected ssDNA alone remained cytoplasmic. Import of VirE2-ssDNA complex into the nucleus via a protein import pathway was supported by (i) the inhibition of VirE2-ssDNA complex import in the presence of wheat germ agglutinin or a nonhydrolyzable GTP analog, both known inhibitors of protein nuclear import, and (ii) the retardation of import when complexes were prepared from a VirE2 mutant impaired in ssDNA binding and nuclear import.	0
Abstract2class: Birth and migration of neurons in the central posterior/prepacemaker nucleus during adulthood in weakly electric knifefish (Eigenmannia sp.) Abstract: In contrast to mammals, fish maintain their capacity to generate neurons in the central nervous system even during adulthood for prolonged periods of life. By employing immunohistochemical, autoradiographic, and electron microscopic techniques, we studied such a postnatal neurogenesis within the complex of the central posterior/prepacemaker nucleus (CP/PPn) in knifefish (Eigenmannia sp.), a weakly electric teleost. The CP/PPn is a bilateral cluster of neurons in the thalamus. It controls frequency modulations of the electric organ discharge as they are used during social interactions. In the CP/PPn region adjacent to the wall of the third ventricle ("ventricular zone"), cells are born continuously and at high rates. They undergo multiple cell divisions before differentiating into neurons. Concomitant with this development, the newborn neurons migrate toward lateral regions of the CP/PPn. In the course of this lateral migration, they appear to acquire immunological and morphological characteristics that are typical for mature CP/PPn neurons. We hypothesize that at least some of the newly generated cells develop finally into functional CP/PPn neurons.	0
Abstract2class: Solution structure of the cap-independent translational enhancer and ribosome-binding element in the 3' UTR of turnip crinkle virus Abstract: The 3(') untranslated region (3(') UTR) of turnip crinkle virus (TCV) genomic RNA contains a cap-independent translation element (CITE), which includes a ribosome-binding structural element (RBSE) that participates in recruitment of the large ribosomal subunit. In addition, a large symmetric loop in the RBSE plays a key role in coordinating the incompatible processes of viral translation and replication, which require enzyme progression in opposite directions on the viral template. To understand the structural basis for the large ribosomal subunit recruitment and the intricate interplay among different parts of the molecule, we determined the global structure of the 102-nt RBSE RNA using solution NMR and small-angle x-ray scattering. This RNA has many structural features that resemble those of a tRNA in solution. The hairpins H1 and H2, linked by a 7-nucleotide linker, form the upper part of RBSE and hairpin H3 is relatively independent from the rest of the structure and is accessible to interactions. This global structure provides insights into the three-dimensional layout for ribosome binding, which may serve as a structural basis for its involvement in recruitment of the large ribosomal subunit and the switch between viral translation and replication. The experimentally determined three-dimensional structure of a functional element in the 3(') UTR of an RNA from any organism has not been previously reported. The RBSE structure represents a prototype structure of a new class of RNA structural elements involved in viral translation/replication processes.	0
Abstract2class: X-ray diffraction "fingerprinting" of DNA structure in solution for quantitative evaluation of molecular dynamics simulation Abstract: Solution state x-ray diffraction fingerprinting is demonstrated as a method for experimentally assessing the accuracy of molecular dynamics (MD) simulations. Fourier transforms of coordinate data from MD simulations are used to produce reciprocal space "fingerprints" of atomic pair distance correlations that are characteristic of the ensemble and are the direct numerical analogues of experimental solution x-ray diffraction (SXD). SXD experiments and MD simulations were carried out to test the ability of experiment and simulation to resolve sequence-dependent modifications in helix conformation for B-form DNA. SXD experiments demonstrated that solution-state poly(AT) and poly(A)-poly(T) duplex DNA sequences exist in ensembles close to canonical B-form and B'-form structures, respectively. In contrast, MD simulations analyzed in terms of SXD fingerprints are shown to deviate from experiment, most significantly for poly(A)-poly(T) duplex DNA. Compared with experiment, MD simulation shortcomings were found to include both mismatches in simulated conformer structures and number population within the ensembles. This work demonstrates an experimental approach for quantitatively evaluating MD simulations and other coordinate models to simulate biopolymer structure in solution and suggests opportunities to use solution diffraction data as experimental benchmarks for developing supramolecular force fields optimized for a range of in situ applications.	0
Abstract2class: DNA polymerase delta isolated from Schizosaccharomyces pombe contains five subunits Abstract: DNA polymerase delta (pol delta) plays an essential role in DNA replication, repair, and recombination. We have purified pol delta from Schizosaccharomyces pombe more than 10(3)-fold and demonstrated that the polymerase activity of purified S. pombe pol delta is completely dependent on proliferating cell nuclear antigen and replication factor C. SDS/PAGE analysis of the purified fraction indicated that the pol delta complex consists of five subunits that migrate with apparent molecular masses of 125, 55, 54, 42, and 22 kDa. Western blot analysis indicated that the 125, 55, and 54 kDa proteins are the large catalytic subunit (Pol3), Cdc1, and Cdc27, respectively. The identity of the other two subunits, p42 and p22, was determined following proteolytic digestion and sequence analysis of the resulting peptides. The peptide sequences derived from the p22 subunit indicated that this subunit is identical to Cdm1, previously identified as a multicopy suppressor of the temperature-sensitive cdc1-P13 mutant, whereas peptide sequences derived from the p42 subunit were identical to a previously uncharacterized ORF located on S. pombe chromosome 1.	0
Abstract2class: The human splicing factor ASF/SF2 can specifically recognize pre-mRNA 5' splice sites Abstract: ASF/SF2 is a human protein previously shown to function in in vitro pre-mRNA splicing as an essential factor necessary for all splices and also as an alternative splicing factor, capable of switching selection of 5' splice sites. To begin to study the protein's mechanism of action, we have investigated the RNA binding properties of purified recombinant ASF/SF2. Using UV crosslinking and gel shift assays, we demonstrate that the RNA binding region of ASF/SF2 can interact with RNA in a sequence-specific manner, recognizing the 5' splice site in each of two different pre-mRNAs. Point mutations in the 5' splice site consensus can reduce binding by as much as a factor of 100, with the largest effects observed in competition assays. These findings support a model in which ASF/SF2 aids in the recognition of pre-mRNA 5' splice sites.	0
Abstract2class: Visualization of alpha9 acetylcholine receptor expression in hair cells of transgenic mice containing a modified bacterial artificial chromosome Abstract: The alpha9 acetylcholine receptor (alpha9 AChR) is specifically expressed in hair cells of the inner ear and is believed to be involved in synaptic transmission between efferent nerves and hair cells. Using a recently developed method, we modified a bacterial artificial chromosome containing the mouse alpha9 AChR gene with a reporter gene encoding green fluorescent protein (GFP) to generate transgenic mice. GFP expression in transgenic mice recapitulated the known temporal and spatial expression of alpha9 AChR. However, we observed previously unidentified dynamic changes in alpha9 AChR expression in cochlear and vestibular sensory epithelia during neonatal development. In the cochlea, inner hair cells persistently expressed high levels of alpha9 AChR in both the apical and middle turns, whereas both outer and inner hair cells displayed dynamic changes of alpha9 AChR expression in the basal turn. In the utricle, we observed high levels of alpha9 AChR expression in the striolar region during early neonatal development and high levels of alpha9 AChR in the extrastriolar region in adult mice. Further, simultaneous visualization of efferent innervation and alpha9 AChR expression showed that dynamic expression of alpha9 AChR in developing hair cells was independent of efferent contacts. We propose that alpha9 AChR expression in developing auditory and vestibular sensory epithelia correlates with maturation of hair cells and is hair-cell autonomous.	0
Abstract2class: Simian virus 40 late gene expression is regulated by members of the steroid/thyroid hormone receptor superfamily Abstract: Transcription of the late genes of simian virus 40 (SV40) is repressed during the early phase of the lytic cycle of infection of binding of cellular factors, called IBP-s, to the SV40 late promoter; repression is relieved after the onset of viral DNA replication by titration of these repressors. Preliminary data indicated that one of the major components of IBP-s was human estrogen-related receptor 1 (hERR1). We show here that several members of the steroid/thyroid hormone receptor superfamily, including testis receptor 2, thyroid receptor alpha 1 in combination with retinoid X receptor alpha, chicken ovalbumin upstream promoter transcription factors 1 and 2 (COUP-TF1 and COUP-TF2), as well as hERR1, possess the properties of IBP-s. These receptors bind specifically to hormone receptor binding sites present in the SV40 major late promoter. Recombinant COUP-TF1 specifically represses transcription from the SV40 major late promoter in a cell-free transcription system. Expression of COUP-TF1, COUP-TF2, or hERR1 in monkey cells results in repression of the SV40 late promoter, but not the early promoter, in the absence of the virally encoded large tumor antigen. Overexpression of COUP-TF1 leads to a delay in the early-to-late switch in SV40 gene expression during the lytic cycle of infection. Thus, members of this superfamily can play major direct roles in regulating expression of SV40. Possibly, natural or synthetic ligands to these receptors can serve as antiviral drugs. Our findings also provide the basis for the development of assays to screen for the ligands to testis receptor 2 and hERR1.	0
Abstract2class: Gene expression analysis reveals matrilysin as a key regulator of pulmonary fibrosis in mice and humans Abstract: Pulmonary fibrosis is a progressive and largely untreatable group of disorders that affects up to 100,000 people on any given day in the United States. To elucidate the molecular mechanisms that lead to end-stage human pulmonary fibrosis we analyzed samples from patients with histologically proven pulmonary fibrosis (usual interstitial pneumonia) by using oligonucleotide microarrays. Gene expression patterns clearly distinguished normal from fibrotic lungs. Many of the genes that were significantly increased in fibrotic lungs encoded proteins associated with extracellular matrix formation and degradation and proteins expressed in smooth muscle. Using a combined set of scoring systems we determined that matrilysin (matrix metalloproteinase 7), a metalloprotease not previously associated with pulmonary fibrosis, was the most informative increased gene in our data set. Immunohistochemisry demonstrated increased expression of matrilysin protein in fibrotic lungs. Furthermore, matrilysin knockout mice were dramatically protected from pulmonary fibrosis in response to intratracheal bleomycin. Our results identify matrilysin as a mediator of pulmonary fibrosis and a potential therapeutic target. They also illustrate the power of global gene expression analysis of human tissue samples to identify molecular pathways involved in clinical disease.	0
Abstract2class: Immunoglobulin heavy chain gene rearrangement and transcription in murine T cell hybrids and T lymphomas Abstract: We have examined the arrangement of immunoglobulin heavy chain constant (CH) and joining (JH) region genes in murine T cell hybrid lines and in T lymphomas. CH genes derived from both parental cell types were present in all hybrids for which polymorphism in sequences flanking CH genes permitted us to distinguish parental CH genes. All T lymphomas and T cell hybrids retained the C alpha gene in germ-line configuration and all but one cell line had germ-line C mu genes. Novel DNA fragments reactive with JH probes were observed in six of nine T cell hybrids, as well as in two T lymphomas, WEHI7.1 and YAC-1, but not in the fusion parent, BW5147. No RNA homologous to C gamma 2b, C alpha, or lambda genes was detected in any of the T cell lines. T cell lines contained poly(A)+ RNA homologous to a C mu cDNA probe. More importantly, in several cell lines the C mu RNAs were associated with membrane-bound polyribosomes. These results suggest that both JH rearrangements and C mu RNA production occur in at least some mature, antigen-specific T cells. They may therefore reflect events in normal T cell development and function related to those involved in the generation of the T receptor for antigen.	0
Abstract2class: Initial extracellular forms of Plasmodium falciparum: their ultrastructure and their definition with monoclonal antibodies Abstract: Merozoites of the erythrocytic stage of the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum, when placed under appropriate conditions in a culture medium with erythrocyte extract, differentiate into early trophic forms. These forms have much the same ultrastructure as rings of the same age that have developed intracellularly and have then been freed from their host cells by immune lysis. However, these forms differ in two respects: the extracellular forms have only their single plasma membrane, whereas the forms freed from host cells have, in addition, a surrounding parasitophorous vacuole membrane; the forms that develop extracellularly have fewer ribosomes. Five monoclonal antibodies against the ring stage have been prepared and characterized. Their pattern of immunofluorescence localization differs in merozoites as compared with rings, but their pattern is identical in rings developed extracellularly and those developed intracellularly. These results and the observations on fine structure demonstrate biochemical and morphological differentiation in the extracellular forms.	0
Abstract2class: Hypoxia enhances stimulus-dependent induction of E-selectin on aortic endothelial cells Abstract: In many diseases, tissue hypoxia occurs in conjunction with other inflammatory processes. Since previous studies have demonstrated a role for leukocytes in ischemia/reperfusion injury, we hypothesized that endothelial hypoxia may "superinduce" expression of an important leukocyte adhesion molecule, E-selectin (ELAM-1, CD62E). Bovine aortic endothelial monolayers were exposed to hypoxia in the presence or absence of tumor-necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) or lipopolysaccharide (LPS). Cell surface E-selectin was quantitated by whole cell ELISA or by immunoprecipitation using polyclonal anti-E-selectin sera. Endothelial mRNA levels were assessed using ribonuclease protection assays. Hypoxia alone did not induce endothelial E-selectin expression. However, enhanced induction of E-selectin was observed with the combination of hypoxia and TNF-alpha (270% increase over normoxia and TNF-alpha) or hypoxia and LPS (190% increase over normoxia and LPS). These studies revealed that a mechanism for such enhancement may be hypoxia-elicited decrements in endothelial intracellular levels of cAMP (<50% compared with normoxia). Addition of forskolin and isobutyl-methyl-xanthine during hypoxia resulted in reversal of cAMP decreases and a loss of enhanced E-selectin surface expression with the combination of TNF-alpha and hypoxia. We conclude that endothelial hypoxia may provide a novel signal for superinduction of E-selectin during states of inflammation.	0
Abstract2class: Two surfaces on the histone chaperone Rtt106 mediate histone binding, replication, and silencing Abstract: The histone chaperone Rtt106 binds histone H3 acetylated at lysine 56 (H3K56ac) and facilitates nucleosome assembly during several molecular processes. Both the structural basis of this modification-specific recognition and how this recognition informs Rtt106 function are presently unclear. Guided by our crystal structure of Rtt106, we identified two regions on its double-pleckstrin homology domain architecture that mediated histone binding. When histone binding was compromised, Rtt106 localized properly to chromatin but failed to deliver H3K56ac, leading to replication and silencing defects. By mutating analogous regions in the structurally homologous chromatin-reorganizer Pob3, we revealed a conserved histone-binding function for a basic patch found on both proteins. In contrast, a loop connecting two β-strands was required for histone binding by Rtt106 but was dispensable for Pob3 function. Unlike Rtt106, Pob3 histone binding was modification-independent, implicating the loop of Rtt106 in H3K56ac-specific recognition in vivo. Our studies described the structural origins of Rtt106 function, identified a conserved histone-binding surface, and defined a critical role for Rtt106:H3K56ac-binding specificity in silencing and replication-coupled nucleosome turnover.	0
Abstract2class: Amino acid sequence of a variant pro-form of insulin-like growth factor II Abstract: Human serum contains, in addition to the "classical" 7.5-kDa insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) I and II, small amounts of larger IGF-II. A 10-kDa IGF-II was isolated by gel filtration, immunoaffinity chromatography, and reversed-phase HPLC. Upon amino acid sequence determination, a substitution of Cys-Gly-Asp for Ser-33 was found as well as a COOH-terminal extension of 21 residues (E peptide). These sequence differences suggest that 10-kDa IGF-II is a precursor of a variant IGF-II. Since the substitution is not located at a known intron/exon hinge region, the finding of this variant IGF-II is evidence for the presence of more than one gene for IGF-II.	0
Abstract2class: Antifungal hydrogels Abstract: Fungi are increasingly identified as major pathogens in bloodstream infections, often involving indwelling devices. Materials with antifungal properties may provide an important deterrent to these infections. Here we describe amphogel, a dextran-based hydrogel into which amphotericin B is adsorbed. Amphogel kills fungi within 2 h of contact and can be reused for at least 53 days without losing its effectiveness against Candida albicans. The antifungal material is biocompatible in vivo and does not cause hemolysis in human blood. Amphogel inoculated with C. albicans and implanted in mice prevents fungal infection. Amphogel also mitigates fungal biofilm formation. An antifungal matrix with these properties could be used to coat a variety of medical devices such as catheters as well as industrial surfaces.	0
Abstract2class: Dietary choice affects Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) O157:H7 colonization and disease Abstract: The likelihood that a single individual infected with the Shiga toxin (Stx)-producing, food-borne pathogen Escherichia coli O157:H7 will develop a life-threatening sequela called the hemolytic uremic syndrome is unpredictable. We reasoned that conditions that enhance Stx binding and uptake within the gut after E. coli O157:H7 infection should result in greater disease severity. Because the receptor for Stx, globotriaosylceramide, is up-regulated in the presence of butyrate in vitro, we asked whether a high fiber diet (HFD) that reportedly enhances butyrate production by normal gut flora can influence the outcome of an E. coli O157 infection in mice. To address that question, groups of BALB/c mice were fed high (10%) or low (2%) fiber diets and infected with E. coli O157:H7 strain 86-24 (Stx2+). Mice fed an HFD exhibited a 10- to 100-fold increase in colonization, lost 15% more body weight, exhibited signs of morbidity, and had 25% greater mortality relative to the low fiber diet (LFD)-fed group. Additionally, sections of intestinal tissue from HFD-fed mice bound more Stx1 and expressed more globotriaosylceramide than did such sections from LFD-fed mice. Furthermore, the gut microbiota of HFD-fed mice compared with LFD-fed mice contained reduced levels of native Escherichia species, organisms that might protect the gut from colonization by incoming E. coli O157:H7. Taken together, these results suggest that susceptibility to infection and subsequent disease after ingestion of E. coli O157:H7 may depend, at least in part, on individual diet and/or the capacity of the commensal flora to produce butyrate.	0
Abstract2class: Association of a Mr 50,000 cap-binding protein with the cytoskeleton in baby hamster kidney cells Abstract: A monoclonal antibody directed against eukaryotic mRNA 5'-cap-binding protein (anti-CBP antibody) was used to localize cap-binding protein (CBP) in BHK-21 baby hamster kidney cells by immunofluorescence microscopy. It was found that the antibody reacts with a fibrous network extending through the cytoplasm in a radial arrangement. The network behaves like intermediate filaments in colchicine-treated cells, suggesting a direct or indirect linkage of CBP with intermediate filaments. The association of CBP with a cytoskeletal element was further confirmed by isolation of proteins from Triton X-100-extracted cells and identification of CBP in the cytoskeletal fraction with anti-CBP antibody. The major polypeptide reacting with anti-CBP antibody is a Mr 50,000 component. Tryptic peptide mapping showed that this polypeptide is related to a Mr 24,000 polypeptide identified as CBP in earlier experiments [Sonenberg, N., Morgan, M. A., Testa, D., Colonna, R. J. & Shatkin, A. J. (1978) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 75, 4843-4847].	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a DNA transformation gene required for com101A+ expression and supertransformer phenotype in Haemophilus influenzae Abstract: DNA sequencing, RNA mapping, and protein expression experiments revealed the presence of a gene, tfoX+, encoding a 24.9-kDa polypeptide, that is transcribed divergently from a common promoter region with the Haemophilus influenzae rec-1+ gene. H. influenzae strains mutant for tfoX failed to bind transforming DNA and were transformation deficient. Primer extension experiments utilizing in vivo total RNA from precompetent and competent H. influenzae cells demonstrated that transcription of tfoX+ increased immediately upon competence induction, suggesting that tfoX+ is an early competence gene. Similar experiments showed that the expression of the late competence-specific gene, com101A+, was tfoX+ dependent. Moreover, expression of plasmid-borne tfoX+ in H. influenzae resulted in constitutive competence. The addition of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) to strains carrying a tfoX::lacZ operon fusion resulted in an immediate increase in beta-galactosidase activity that correlated with an increase in genetic transformability. Collectively, our results suggest that TfoX may play a key role in the development of genetic competence by regulating the expression of late competence-specific genes.	0
Abstract2class: A theoretical study of the structure of parathyroid hormone Abstract: Theoretical analysis of the tertiary and secondary structure of parathyroid hormone was conducted. By combining interpretations from this analysis with chemical data available in the literature, certain structural features of the hormone are consistently predicted. The proposed model for the hormone contains two domains dominated by hydrophobic clustering of critical residues within each domain and separated by an exposed linker region. In the prediction of two domains with a linker region, the model is similar to that proposed by Fiskin et al. [Fiskin, A.M., Cohn, D.M. & Peterson, G.S. (1977) J. Biol. Chem. 252, 8261-8268], but it differs significantly in other respects. The proposed structural features are apparent in the bovine, human, and porcine species of hormone.	0
Abstract2class: Development of parathyroid hormone- and calcitonin-activated adenylate cyclases in embryonic chicken limb and in cultured cells from embryonic chicken limb Abstract: Activation of adenylate cyclase [ATP pyrophosphate-lyase (cyclizing), EC 4.6.1.1] by parathyroid hormone (PTH) and calcitonin was measured as a function of stage of development in embryonic chicken limb buds. Responsiveness to both hormones develops in the tissue at the time when nascent bone is forming. In addition, a temporal sequence of development of hormone response was observed, with a PTH-activated adenylate cyclase appearing earlier than the calcitonin-activated enzyme. The responsiveness to the two hormones was additive, indicating the presence of two receptor populations. Undifferentiated cells obtained from limb buds prior to appearance of hormonal responsiveness were cultured and were found to develop a PTH-activated adenylate cyclase in vitro. However, a calcitonin-stimulated enzyme did not appear in such cultures. The PTH-activated enzyme was found to be similar to that present in bone in regard to its sensitivity to PTH. The enzyme did not respond to other hormones, and myoblast cultures did not develop a PTH-activated adenylate cyclase, indicating that a true bone adenylate cyclase was being measured.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of c-myc and c-fos mRNA levels by polyomavirus: distinct roles for the capsid protein VP1 and the viral early proteins Abstract: The levels of c-myc, c-fos, and JE mRNAs accumulate in a biphasic pattern following infection of quiescent BALB/c 3T3 mouse cells with polyomavirus. Maximal levels of c-myc and c-fos mRNAs were seen within 1 hr and were nearly undetectable at 6 hr after infection. At 12 hr after infection mRNA levels were again maximal and remained elevated thereafter. Empty virions (capsids) and recombinant VP1 protein, purified from Escherichia coli, induced the early but not the late phase of mRNA accumulation. Virions, capsids, and recombinant VP1 protein stimulated [3H]thymidine nuclear labeling and c-myc mRNA accumulation in a dose-responsive manner paralleling their affinity for the cell receptor for polyoma. The second phase of mRNA accumulation is regulated by the viral early gene products, as shown by polyomavirus early gene mutants and by a transfected cell line (336a) expressing middle tumor antigen upon glucocorticoid addition. These results suggest that polyomavirus interacts with the cell membrane at the onset of infection to increase the levels of mRNA for cellular genes associated with cell competence for DNA replication, and subsequently these levels are maintained by the action of the early viral proteins.	0
Abstract2class: The role of cell type-specific responses in IFN-β therapy of multiple sclerosis Abstract: The mechanism of IFN-β therapy in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) is not well understood, but induction of apoptosis in specific leukocyte subsets is likely to be important. Enhanced expression of TNFSF10 or TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) mRNA in unseparated leukocytes has been put forward as a therapeutic response marker, but it is unclear which leukocyte subsets express TRAIL. We investigated the basis of TRAIL expression in response to IFN-β by studying activation of STATs 1, 3, and 5, p38 MAPK, and NF-κB in different leukocyte subsets of patients with RRMS. Monocytes, B cells, and T cells showed substantial differences in the activation of p38 and the STATs in response to i.m. injection of IFN-β1a or stimulation in vitro. Induction of cell-surface TRAIL, analyzed in nine leukocyte subsets, was observed only on monocytes and granulocytes and correlated with the activation of p38 and/or NF-κB in these subsets only, in agreement with previous work in fibroblasts showing that the induction of TRAIL in response to IFN-β depends on the activation of p38 and NF-κB as well as STATs 1 and 2. We propose that, in myeloid cells, the differential activation of p38 and NF-κB and induction of TRAIL, which sensitizes cells to apoptosis, can help to explain differences in responsiveness to IFN-β therapy among patients with RRMS and, furthermore, that such differential patterns of activation and expression may also be important in understanding the therapeutic responses to IFN-α/β in hepatitis and cancer.	0
Abstract2class: The mystery of missing heritability: Genetic interactions create phantom heritability Abstract: Human genetics has been haunted by the mystery of "missing heritability" of common traits. Although studies have discovered >1,200 variants associated with common diseases and traits, these variants typically appear to explain only a minority of the heritability. The proportion of heritability explained by a set of variants is the ratio of (i) the heritability due to these variants (numerator), estimated directly from their observed effects, to (ii) the total heritability (denominator), inferred indirectly from population data. The prevailing view has been that the explanation for missing heritability lies in the numerator--that is, in as-yet undiscovered variants. While many variants surely remain to be found, we show here that a substantial portion of missing heritability could arise from overestimation of the denominator, creating "phantom heritability." Specifically, (i) estimates of total heritability implicitly assume the trait involves no genetic interactions (epistasis) among loci; (ii) this assumption is not justified, because models with interactions are also consistent with observable data; and (iii) under such models, the total heritability may be much smaller and thus the proportion of heritability explained much larger. For example, 80% of the currently missing heritability for Crohn's disease could be due to genetic interactions, if the disease involves interaction among three pathways. In short, missing heritability need not directly correspond to missing variants, because current estimates of total heritability may be significantly inflated by genetic interactions. Finally, we describe a method for estimating heritability from isolated populations that is not inflated by genetic interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Chromogenic identification of genetic regulatory signals in Bacillus subtilis based on expression of a cloned Pseudomonas gene Abstract: A method to isolate fragments of DNA that promote gene expression in Bacillus subtilis is described. The system is based on production of catechol 2,3-dioxygenase [CatO2ase; catechol:oxygen 2,3-oxidoreductase (decyclizing), EC 1.13.11.2] encoded by the Pseudomonas putida TOL plasmid gene xylE. The gene was transferred to aB. subtilis/Escherichia coli plasmid vector to construct pTG402. Although xylE is functionally expressed in E. coli, CatO2ase is not detected in B. subtilis unless a fragment of DNA capable of promoting gene expression is ligated into a cleavage site on pTG402 upstream from xylE. Fragments of chromosomal DNA from B. subtilis, Bacillus licheniformis, Bacillus pumilus, and E. coli are shown to promote xylE gene expression in B. subtilis. The special feature of the system is the method of detection: colonies of cells that express xylE become yellow within seconds after selection plates are sprayed with catechol, a colorless substrate that is converted by CatO2ase to the yellow product, 2-hydroxymuconic semialdehyde. The complete nucleotide sequence of xylE is presented. Strong complementarity between the ribosome binding site and 16S rRNA suggests that xylE mRNA translation in B. subtilis may commence at the same site as that recognized by P. putida. Identity of CatO2ase produced in B. subtilis, E. coli, and P. putida support the hypothesis. Our sensitive color assay offers an approach to develop plasmid gene expression vectors for a wide variety of host organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Gamma-aminobutyric acid binding to receptor sites in the rat central nervous system Abstract: [(3)H]Gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) binds to synaptic membrane fractions of rat brain in a selective fashion representing an interaction with postsynaptic GABA receptors. Inhibition of [(3)H]GABA binding by a variety of amino acids closely parallels their ability to mimic the synaptic inhibitory actions of GABA and does not correlate with their relative affinity for the presynaptic synaptosomal GABA uptake system. [(3)H]GABA binding is saturable with an affinity constant of about 0.1 muM. The GABA antagonist bicuculline inhibits [(3)H]GABA binding with half maximal effects at 5 muM, whereas it requires a concentration of 0.5 mM to reduce synaptosomal GABA uptake by 50%. In subcellular fractionation experiments [(3)H]GABA binding is most enriched in crude synaptic membranes. [(3)H]GABA binding is greatest in the cerebellum, least in the spinal cord and medulla oblongatapons, with intermediate values in the thalamus, hippocampus, hypothalamus, cerebral cortex, midbrain, and corpus striatum.	0
Abstract2class: Specific [3H]phencyclidine binding in rat central nervous system Abstract: [3H]Phencyclidine (PCP) bound specifically and with high affinity (Kd = 0.15 microM at pH 7.4) to a single saturable class of binding sites in rat brain membrane preparations. Specific binding constituted approximately 70% of total binding at 0 degrees C and 33% of total binding at 37 degrees C (at 10 nM [3H]PCP). Bound [3H]PCP could be displaced by nonradioactive PCP, a series of its derivatives, and the psychotomimetic opiate N-allylnorcyclazocine (SKF 10,047) with relative potencies that closely paralleled those determined in animal behavioral tests. Muscarinic cholinergic ligands inhibited [3H]PCP binding, but only at 0.1 mM and in rank order at variance with that for binding to muscarinic sites or for pharmacological potencies. Other drugs, including opiates other than SKF 10,047, were unable to displace specifically bound [3H]PCP at 0.1 mM. [3H]PCP binding was most enriched in crude synaptosomal subcellular fractions, and was about three times higher in hippocampus (region of highest density) than in cervical spinal cord (region of lowest density). Trypsin and Pronase reduced specific [3H]PCP binding. Thus, PCP may exert its effects on the central nervous system via binding to specific brain receptor sites.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization and visualization of rat and guinea pig brain kappa opioid receptors: evidence for kappa 1 and kappa 2 opioid receptors Abstract: kappa opioid receptors (kappa receptors) have been characterized in homogenates of guinea pig and rat brain under in vitro binding conditions. kappa receptors were labeled by using the tritiated prototypic kappa opioid ethylketocyclazocine under conditions in which mu and delta opioid binding was suppressed. In the case of guinea pig brain membranes, a single population of high-affinity kappa opioid receptor sites (kappa sites; Kd = 0.66 nM, Bmax = 80 fmol/mg of protein) was observed. In contrast, in the case of rat brain, two populations of kappa sites were observed--high-affinity sites at low density (Kd = 1.0 nM, Bmax = 16 fmol/mg of protein) and low-affinity sites at high density (Kd = 13 nM, Bmax = 111 fmol/mg of protein). To test the hypothesis that the high- and low-affinity kappa sites represent two distinct kappa receptor subtypes, a series of opioids were tested for their abilities to compete for binding to the two sites. U-69,593 and Cambridge 20 selectively displaced the high-affinity kappa site in both guinea pig and rat tissue, but were inactive at the rat-brain low-affinity site. Other kappa opioid drugs, including U-50,488, ethylketocyclazocine, bremazocine, cyclazocine, and dynormphin (1-17), competed for binding to both sites, but with different rank orders of potency. Quantitative light microscopy in vitro autoradiography was used to visualize the neuroanatomical pattern of kappa receptors in rat and guinea pig brain. The distribution patterns of the two kappa receptor subtypes of rat brain were clearly different. The pattern of rat high-affinity kappa sites paralleled that of guinea pig in the caudate-putamen, mid-brain, central gray substance of cerebrum, and substantia nigra; interspecies differences were apparent throughout most of the rest of the brain. Collectively, these data provide direct evidence for the presence of two kappa receptor subtypes; the U-69,593-sensitive, high-affinity kappa 1 site predominates in guinea pig brain, and the U-69,593-insensitive, low-affinity kappa 2 site predominates in rat brain.	0
Abstract2class: Use of a distant reporter group as evidence for a conformational change in a sensory receptor Abstract: A highly sensitive method for demonstrating ligand-induced conformational changes in protein molecules in solution is described. The method utilizes an environmentally sensitive reporter group that is known to be distant from the active site. In the present application a conformational change is demonstrated in the galactose receptor of Salmonella typhimurium, involved in bacterial sensing and transport, by means of an extrinsic fluorophore, 5-iodoacetamidofluorescein, attached at a single methionine residue, and the intrinsic tryptophan fluorophore. Binding of the ligand galactose perturbs the microenvironment of both the fluorescein and tryptophan, as shown by both spectral and potassium iodide quenching changes. The distance between the two dyes is established by fluorescence energy transfer methods to be 41 +/- 10A. Since only one molecule of galactose binds per molecule of receptor and since the galactose molecule is only about 5 A in length, changes at one of these sites reflect the result of an indirect effect. Hence, there must be a ligand-induced conformational change that is propagated a minimum of 30 A through the receptor molecule.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical crosslinking of a solubilized enkephalin macromolecular complex Abstract: Covalently bound [3H]D-Ala2,Met5-enkephalinamide- and 125I-labeled D-Ala2,N-Me-Phe4,Met-(O)5-ol-enkephalin-macromolecule complexes have been prepared by crosslinking the solubilized noncovalent complexes from rat brain. Gel electrophoresis of the partially purified 125I-labeled enkephalin-macromolecule complex under nondenaturing conditions results in a single major/radioactive peak. The complex has a Stokes radius of approximately 48 A as determined by molecular exclusion chromatography; this radius corresponds to a molecular weight of 380,000 for a spherical molecule. In preliminary experiments, sodium dodecyl sulfate electrophoresis of the complex shows a major radioactive peak corresponding to a molecular weight of 35,000. The preparation of these specific covalent enkephalin-macromolecule complexes should be useful in purification of the receptor and in probing the molecular mechanism of opiate action.	0
Abstract2class: Repetitive DNA sequences cotranscribed with developmentally regulated Dictyostelium discoideum mRNAs Abstract: We have isolated a clone of Dictyostelium discoideum genomic DNA, pB41-6, that contains sequences that are reiterated and interspersed in the genome. The expression of these reiterated sequences is developmentally regulated, and they appear to be linked only to developmentally regulated mRNAs. We have used clone pB41-6 to isolate a set of complementary cDNA clones. Analysis of two selected clones indicates that they encode developmentally regulated mRNA species and, by means of the repetitive elements they contain, hybridize to many developmentally regulated mRNAs. In addition, we have defined two families of mRNA species carrying these repetitive sequences: one is induced at 5.5 hr of development and the other is induced between 5.5 and 15 hr of development. Since most of the mRNA species that have sequences complementary to clone pB41-6 accumulate in a coordinated fashion during development, these sequences may play an important regulatory role in the developmental program of Dictyostelium.	0
Abstract2class: Dictyostelium transposable element DIRS-1 has 350-base-pair inverted terminal repeats that contain a heat shock promoter Abstract: DIRS-1 is a 4.7-kilobase-pair repetitive and apparently transposable Dictyostelium genetic element that is transcribed during differentiation or after heat shock. The terminal regions of DIRS-1 are inverted repeats of 330 base pairs. The repeats are highly conserved both within a given element as well as between different members of the family (less than 10% divergence). At the distal end of all left repeats is a 32-nucleotide sequence composed almost entirely of A and T residues. In addition to this 32-base A + T sequence, the distal region of all right repeats is extended by a 28-base-pair A + T-rich sequence that is identical in all copies. The sequences flanking each DIRS-1 sequence are completely dissimilar, and there appears to be no duplication of the genomic DNA sequence at the presumed point of DIRS-1 insertion. The terminal repeats can also be found interspersed in the genome independently of the complete element. In addition, the terminal repeats carry a 15-nucleotide sequence that greatly resembles the Drosophila consensus heat shock promoter and may be involved in the transcriptional induction of the DIRS-1 sequences.	0
Abstract2class: The biology of vision of Drosophila Abstract: Phototransduction systems in vertebrates and invertebrates share a great deal of similarity in overall strategy but differ significantly in the underlying molecular machinery. Both are rhodopsin-based G protein-coupled signaling cascades displaying exquisite sensitivity and broad dynamic range. However, light activation of vertebrate photoreceptors leads to activation of a cGMP-phosphodiesterase effector and the generation of a hyperpolarizing response. In contrast, activation of invertebrate photoreceptors, like Drosophila, leads to stimulation of phospholipase C and the generation of a depolarizing receptor potential. The comparative study of these two systems of phototransduction offers the opportunity to understand how similar biological problems may be solved by different molecular mechanisms of signal transduction. The study of this process in Drosophila, a system ideally suited to genetic and molecular manipulation, allows us to dissect the function and regulation of such a complex signaling cascade in its normal cellular environment. In this manuscript I review some of our recent findings and the strategies used to dissect this process.	0
Abstract2class: Boundary cap cells are peripheral nervous system stem cells that can be redirected into central nervous system lineages Abstract: Boundary cap cells (BC), which express the transcription factor Krox20, participate in the formation of the boundary between the central nervous system and the peripheral nervous system. To study BC stemness, we developed a method to purify and amplify BC in vitro from Krox20(Cre/+), R26R(YFP/+) mouse embryos. We show that BC progeny are EGF/FGF2-responsive, form spheres, and express neural crest markers. Upon growth factor withdrawal, BC progeny gave rise to multiple neural crest and CNS lineages. Transplanted into the developing murine forebrain, they successfully survived, migrated, and integrated within the host environment. Surprisingly, BC progeny generated exclusively CNS cells, including neurons, astrocytes, and myelin-forming oligodendrocytes. In vitro experiments indicated that a sequential combination of ventralizing morphogens and glial growth factors was necessary to reprogram BC into oligodendrocytes. Thus, BC progeny are endowed with differentiation plasticity beyond the peripheral nervous system. The demonstration that CNS developmental cues can reprogram neural crest-derived stem cells into CNS derivatives suggests that BC could serve as a source of cell type-specific lineages, including oligodendrocytes, for cell-based therapies to treat CNS disorders.	0
Abstract2class: Cohesin and CTCF differentially affect chromatin architecture and gene expression in human cells Abstract: Recent studies of genome-wide chromatin interactions have revealed that the human genome is partitioned into many self-associating topological domains. The boundary sequences between domains are enriched for binding sites of CTCC-binding factor (CTCF) and the cohesin complex, implicating these two factors in the establishment or maintenance of topological domains. To determine the role of cohesin and CTCF in higher-order chromatin architecture in human cells, we depleted the cohesin complex or CTCF and examined the consequences of loss of these factors on higher-order chromatin organization, as well as the transcriptome. We observed a general loss of local chromatin interactions upon disruption of cohesin, but the topological domains remain intact. However, we found that depletion of CTCF not only reduced intradomain interactions but also increased interdomain interactions. Furthermore, distinct groups of genes become misregulated upon depletion of cohesin and CTCF. Taken together, these observations suggest that CTCF and cohesin contribute differentially to chromatin organization and gene regulation.	0
Abstract2class: Secondary structure of the lac repressor DNA-binding domain by two-dimensional 1H nuclear magnetic resonance in solution Abstract: A recently proposed approach for spatial structure determination in noncrystalline proteins by nuclear magnetic resonance was applied to the lac repressor DNA-binding domain. On the basis of sequence-specific 1H NMR assignments, the location of alpha-helices in the amino acid sequence was determined from nuclear Overhauser enhancement data and from amide proton exchange studies. These investigations provide detailed experimental data on the structure of a noncrystalline DNA-binding protein. The results support the hypothesis advanced by others that sequence-specific interactions between lac repressor and DNA are mediated by a particular spatial arrangement of two alpha-helices common to various different DNA-binding proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Detection and sequence of plus-strand leader RNA of sonchus yellow net virus, a plant rhabdovirus Abstract: Tobacco infected with the plant rhabdovirus sonchus yellow net virus (SYNV) contains short, 139- to 144-nucleotide (nt) transcripts complementary to the 3' terminus of the negative-strand genomic RNA. These transcripts are similar to the leader RNAs associated with several animal rhabdovirus infections in that they are encoded by the same region of the genome, but the SYNV transcripts are nearly 3 times longer than the animal rhabdovirus leader RNAs. The SYNV leader RNAs differ markedly in sequence from the leader RNAs associated with strains of vesicular stomatitis virus and rabies virus, although the first 30 nt of all three transcripts are rich in adenylate residues. The nucleotide sequence determined directly from SYNV RNA and from recombinant DNA clones derived from SYNV RNA reveals a possible initiation site for transcription of the N-protein mRNA that is located 147 nt from the 3' end of genomic RNA. The sequence (UUGU) at this site is complementary to the first 4 nt of the N-protein mRNAs of animal rhabdoviruses. In SYNV, the first AUG codon in the putative N-protein mRNA is located 57 nt downstream (at positions 203-205 in the viral genome) and is followed by an open reading frame for the remainder of the 1020 nt determined in these experiments.	0
Abstract2class: Ca2+-sensitive inactivation of L-type Ca2+ channels depends on multiple cytoplasmic amino acid sequences of the alpha1C subunit Abstract: Ca2+-dependent inactivation of Ca2+ currents is a physiological phenomenon widely associated with L-type Ca2+ channels. Although the pore-forming alpha1C subunit of the channel is the target for Ca2+ binding, the amino acid sequences involved in the binding and/or in the coordination of Ca2+-dependent inactivation are still unclear. Based on previous experiments, we have prepared truncation mutants of a human alpha1C subunit by systematically deleting an EF-hand motif and sequences in a segment of 80 amino acids in the carboxyl-terminal tail. We found that the rate as well as the Ca2+ dependence of inactivation of currents through these mutated channels were very different. We have identified three amino acid sequences, the presence of which is important for Ca2+-dependent inactivation: (i) a putative Ca2+-binding EF-hand motif, (ii) two hydrophilic residues (asparagine and glutamic acid) 77-78 amino acids downstream of the EF-hand motif, and (iii) a putative IQ calmodulin binding motif. We suggest that Ca2+-dependent inactivation is a cooperative process involving several amino acid sequences in cytoplasmic segments of the alpha1C subunit.	0
Abstract2class: Natural abundance solid-state carbon NMR studies of photosynthetic reaction centers with photoinduced polarization Abstract: Solid-state NMR spectra of natural abundance 13C in reaction centers from photosynthetic bacteria Rhodobacter sphaeroides R-26 was measured. When the quinone acceptors were removed and continuous visible illumination of the sample was provided, exceptionally strong nuclear spin polarization was observed in NMR lines with chemical shifts resembling those of the aromatic carbons in bacteriochlorophyll and bacteriopheophytin. The observation of spin polarized 15N nuclei in bacteriochlorophyll and bacteriopheophytin was previously demonstrated with nonspecifically 15N-labeled reaction centers. Both the carbon and the nitrogen NMR studies indicate that the polarization is developed on species that carry unpaired electrons in the early electron transfer steps, including the bacteriochlorophyll dimer donor P860 and probably the bacteriopheophytin acceptor. I. Both enhanced-absorptive and emissive polarization were seen in the carbon spectrum; most lines were absorptive but the methine carbons of the porphyrin ring (alpha, beta, gamma, ) exhibited emissive polarization. The change in the sign of the hyperfine coupling at these sites indicates the existence of nodes in the spin density distribution on the tetrapyrrole cofactors flanking each methine carbon bridge.	0
Abstract2class: Chromosomal replication origin from the marine bacterium Vibrio harveyi functions in Escherichia coli: oriC consensus sequence Abstract: The chromosomal replication origin (oriC) of Vibrio harveyi has been isolated on a plasmid and shown to function as an origin in Escherichia coli. The nucleotide sequence of the V. harveyi oriC was determined. From a comparison of this sequence with oriC sequences of five enteric bacteria, we derived a consensus sequence of bacterial origins that function in E. coli. This consensus sequence identifies 122 positions within oriC where nucleotide substitutions can occur without loss of origin function. These positions are clustered rather than scattered. Four interrelated nine-base-pair repeats and eight of the dam methylation G-A-T-C sites are conserved in the consensus sequence. Very few relative insertion-deletion changes occur, and these are localized to one region of oriC. The genes for three polypeptides linked to the V. harveyi oriC were identified by using in vitro protein synthesis directed by deletion derivative plasmid templates. One of these genes, coding for a 58,000 Mr polypeptide and located 3.0 kilobase pairs from the V. harveyi oriC region, is lethal to E. coli when many copies (approximately 40 per cell) are present (high copy lethal or HCL gene). In addition, nucleotide sequence analysis showed that a different gene, the gid gene to the left of oriC, is highly conserved between E. coli and V. harveyi, whereas the coding region to the right of oriC is much less conserved.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence of the Salmonella typhimurium origin of DNA replication Abstract: Construction of deletion derivative plasmids and cloning of restriction fragments from plasmids containing the Salmonella typhimurium origin of replication (ori) were used to locate the functional origin to within a DNA fragment of 296 base pairs between the genes uncB and asn. The nucleotide sequence of the S. typhimurium ori region was determined and compared with the Escherichia coli ori sequence. In the 296-base pair fragment, 85.8% of the bases are conserved between the two species. A nearly equal number of transition and transversion type differences, with no insertions or deletions, occurs between the two bacterial origins, such that the relatively high percentage (adenine plus thymine) of 59.5% is conserved. The 296-base pair fragment contains 14 GATC sequences, all of which are conserved. The high frequency of occurrence of GATC, which is the site of methylation under control of the dam gene, may explain in part why the bacterial ori region appears to be so highly conserved. A large number of secondary structures are possible. One such structure, with a "cloverleaf," is favored by ori nucleotide sequence comparisons and leads to potential novel macromolecular interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and mapping of plasmids containing the Salmonella typhimurium origin of DNA replication Abstract: A purified EcoRI restriction endonuclease fragment that determines resistance to kanamycin and is incapable of self-replication was used to select autonomously replicating fragments from an EcoRI digest of a Salmonella typhimurium F' plasmid containing the chromosomal region believed to include the S. typhimurium origin of DNA replication. Both the F factor and S. typhimurium chromosome replication origins were cloned by this procedure. The EcoRI fragmentment containing the S. typhimurium origin of replication is 19.4 kilobase pairs long and includes functional asp+ and uncB+ genes. Restriction endonuclease analysis of deletions obtained from the S. typhimurium origin plasmid indicated that the replication origin (ori region) is contained within a 3.3-kilobase pair region. Comparison with Escherichia coli origin plasmids shows colinearity of gene arrangement on the chromosomes in this region and suggests that some, but not all, regions of the nucleotide sequence in the origin region may be conserved (identical) in these two bacterial species.	0
Abstract2class: Atypical expansion in mice of the sensory neuron-specific Mrg G protein-coupled receptor family Abstract: The Mas-related genes (Mrgs) comprise a family of >50 G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), many of which are expressed in specific subsets of nociceptive sensory neurons in mice. In contrast, humans contain a related but nonorthologous family of genes, called MrgXs or sensory neuron-specific receptors, of which many fewer appear to be expressed in sensory neurons. To determine whether the diversity of murine Mrgs is generic to rodents or is an atypical feature of mice, we characterized MrgA, MrgB, MrgC, and MrgD subfamilies in rat and gerbil. Surprisingly, although mice have approximately 22 MrgA and approximately 14 MrgC genes, rats and gerbils have just a single MrgA and MrgC gene. This murine-specific expansion likely reflects recent retrotransposon-mediated unequal crossover events. The expression of Mrgs in rat sensory ganglia suggests that the extensive cellular diversity in mice can be simplified to a core subset of approximately four different genes (MrgA, MrgB, MrgC, and MrgD), defining a similar number of neuronal subpopulations. Our results suggest more generally that mouse-human genomic comparisons may sometimes reveal differences atypical of rodents.	0
Abstract2class: Formation of the preprimosome protects lambda O from RNA transcription-dependent proteolysis by ClpP/ClpX Abstract: Using the bacteriophage lambda DNA replication system, composed entirely of purified proteins, we have tested the accessibility of the short-lived lambda O protein to the ClpP/ClpX protease during the various stages of lambda DNA replication. We find that binding of lambda O protein to its orilambda DNA sequence, leading to the so-called "O-some" formation, largely inhibits its degradation. On the contrary, under conditions permissive for transcription, the lambda O protein bound to the orilambda sequence becomes largely accessible to ClpP/ClpX-mediated proteolysis. However, when the lambda O protein is part of the larger orilambda:O.P.DnaB preprimosomal complex, transcription does not significantly increase ClpP/ClpX-dependent lambda O degradation. These results show that transcription can stimulate proteolysis of a protein that is required for the initiation of DNA replication.	0
Abstract2class: The dnaK protein of Escherichia coli possesses an ATPase and autophosphorylating activity and is essential in an in vitro DNA replication system Abstract: The Escherichia coli dnaK gene product, originally defined by mutations that blocked lambda phage DNA replication, is known to be necessary for E. coli viability. We have purified dnaK protein to homogeneity and have demonstrated that it possesses a weak DNA-independent ATPase activity, which results in the production of ADP and Pi. The proof that this ATPase activity is encoded by the dnaK+ gene relies primarily on the fact that the dnaK756 mutation results in the production of an ATPase activity with altered physical properties. The dnaK protein is phosphorylated in vitro and in vivo, probably as a result of an autophosphorylation reaction. The lambda O and P replication proteins were shown to interact in vitro with the dnaK protein. The ATPase activity of the dnaK protein was inhibited by purified lambda P protein and stimulated by purified lambda O protein. Moreover, the dnaK protein participates in the initiation of DNA synthesis in an in vitro DNA replication system that is dependent on the O and P proteins. Anti-dnaK protein immunoglobulin specifically inhibited DNA synthesis in this system.	0
Abstract2class: Products of RNA polymerases in HeLa cell nuclei Abstract: RNA polymerase activities in intact HeLa cell nuclei have been examined and compared to activities investigated in previous studies of the purified enzymes. The RNA synthesized by the mammalian polymerases while still in nuclei is identified. The polymerases are tentatively identified by location, sensitivity to alpha-amanitin, and response to manganese and altered ionic strength. Polymerase I is located in the nucleolus and labels partially complete precursor molecules of ribosomal RNA. Polymerases II and III are in the nucleoplasm and both label giant nuclear heterogeneous RNA.	0
Abstract2class: Selecting the highest of three binomial probabilities Abstract: A sequential elimination procedure for selecting the highest probability in binomial trials, proposed by Levin and Robbins [Levin, B. & Robbins, H. (1981) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 78, 4663-4666], is examined further in the special case of trials involving three probabilities. A conjectured inequality relating ratios of selection probabilities to odds ratios is shown to hold only under certain necessary and sufficient conditions. Weaker conjectured inequalities involving the probability of correct selection are shown to hold without restriction.	0
Abstract2class: A cold oceanographic regime with high exploitation rates in the Northeast Pacific forecasts a collapse of the sardine stock Abstract: The oceanographic conditions in the north Pacific have shifted to a colder period, Pacific sardine (Sardinops sagax) biomass has declined precipitously in the California Current, the international sardine fishery is collapsing, and mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus and Scomber japonicus) are thriving. This situation occurred in the mid-1900s, but indices of current oceanographic conditions and the results of our acoustic-trawl surveys indicate it likely is recurring now, perhaps with similar socioeconomic and ecological consequences. Also alarming is the repetition of the fishery's response to a declining sardine stock-progressively higher exploitation rates targeting the oldest, largest, and most fecund fish. Furthermore, our data indicate the recent reproductive condition of sardine is poor, and their productivity is below modeled estimates used to derive the current fishery-exploitation rates. Consequently, the sardine population has been reduced to two cohorts that are unlikely to produce an appreciable new cohort. Thus, a near-term recovery of this important stock is unlikely, depending on the return of warmer oceanographic conditions, reduced pressure from mackerel species, and perhaps the adoption of a more precautionary strategy for managing the residual sardine population.	0
Abstract2class: Deposition Bias of Chromatin Proteins Inverts under DNA Replication Stress Conditions Abstract: Following DNA replication, equal amounts of chromatin proteins are distributed over sister chromatids by re-deposition of parental chromatin proteins and deposition of newly synthesized chromatin proteins. Molecular mechanisms balancing the allocation of new and old chromatin proteins remain largely unknown. Here, we studied the genome-wide distribution of new chromatin proteins relative to parental DNA template strands and replication initiation zones using the double-click-seq. Under control conditions, new chromatin proteins were preferentially found on DNA replicated by the lagging strand machinery. Strikingly, replication stress induced by hydroxyurea or curaxin treatment and inhibition of ataxia telangiectasia and Rad3-related protein (ATR) or p53 inactivation inverted the observed chromatin protein deposition bias to the strand replicated by the leading strand polymerase in line with previously reported effects on replication protein A occupancy. We propose that asymmetric deposition of newly synthesized chromatin proteins onto sister chromatids reflects differences in the processivity of leading and lagging strand synthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Sensing DNA through DNA Charge Transport Abstract: DNA charge transport chemistry involves the migration of charge over long molecular distances through the aromatic base pair stack within the DNA helix. This migration depends upon the intimate coupling of bases stacked one with another, and hence any perturbation in that stacking, through base modifications or protein binding, can be sensed electrically. In this review, we describe the many ways DNA charge transport chemistry has been utilized to sense changes in DNA, including the presence of lesions, mismatches, DNA-binding proteins, protein activity, and even reactions under weak magnetic fields. Charge transport chemistry is remarkable in its ability to sense the integrity of DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Imaging LDL receptor oligomerization during endocytosis using a co-internalization assay Abstract: Methods to probe receptor oligomerization are useful to understand the molecular mechanisms of receptor signaling. Here we report a fluorescence imaging method to determine receptor oligomerization state in living cells during endocytic internalization. The wild-type receptor is co-expressed with an internalization-defective mutant, and the internalization kinetics of each are independently monitored. If the receptor internalizes as an oligomer, then the wild-type and mutant isoforms will mutually influence each others' trafficking properties, causing co-internalization of the mutant or co-retention of the wild-type at the cell surface. Using this approach, we found that the low density lipoprotein (LDL) receptor internalizes as an oligomer into cells, both in the presence and absence of LDL ligand. The internalization kinetics of the wild-type receptor are not changed by LDL binding. We also found that the oligomerization domain of the LDL receptor is located in its cytoplasmic tail.	0
Abstract2class: Construction of Lasso Peptide Fusion Proteins Abstract: Lasso peptides are a family of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs) typified by an isopeptide-bonded macrocycle between the peptide N-terminus and an aspartate or glutamate side chain. The C-terminal portion of the peptide threads through the N-terminal macrocycle to give the characteristic lasso fold. Because of the inherent stability, both proteolytic and often thermal, of lasso peptides, we became interested in whether proteins could be fused to the free C-terminus of lasso peptides. Here, we demonstrate fusion of two model proteins, the artificial leucine zipper A1 and the superfolder variant of GFP, to the C-terminus of the lasso peptide astexin-1. Successful lasso cyclization of the N-terminus of these fusion proteins requires a flexible linker in between the C-terminus of the lasso peptide and the N-terminus of the protein of interest. The ability to fuse lasso peptides to a protein of interest is an important step toward phage and bacterial display systems for the high-throughput screening of lasso peptide libraries for new functions.	0
Abstract2class: A Proteomic Connectivity Map for Characterizing the Tumor Adaptive Response to Small Molecule Chemical Perturbagens Abstract: A powerful means to understand the cellular function of corrupt oncogenic signaling programs requires perturbing the system and monitoring the downstream consequences. Here, using a unique pair of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)/normal lung epithelial patient-derived cell lines (HCC4017/HBEC30KT), we systematically interrogated the remodeling of the NSCLC proteome upon treatment with 35 chemical perturbagens targeting a diverse array of mechanistic classes. HCC4017 and HBEC30KT cells differ significantly in their proteomic response to the same compound treatment. Using protein covariance analyses, we identified a large number of functional protein networks. For example, we found that a poorly studied protein, C5orf22, is a novel component of the WBP11/PQBP1 splicing complex. Depletion of C5orf22 leads to the aberrant splicing and expression of genes involved in cell growth and immunomodulation. In summary, we show that by systematically measuring the tumor adaptive responses at the proteomic level, an understanding could be generated that provides critical circuit-level biological insights for these pharmacologic perturbagens.	0
Abstract2class: Sulfopeptide probes of the CXCR4/CXCL12 interface reveal oligomer-specific contacts and chemokine allostery Abstract: Tyrosine sulfation is a post-translational modification that enhances protein-protein interactions and may identify druggable sites in the extracellular space. The G protein-coupled receptor CXCR4 is a prototypical example with three potential sulfation sites at positions 7, 12, and 21. Each receptor sulfotyrosine participates in specific contacts with its chemokine ligand in the structure of a soluble, dimeric CXCL12:CXCR4(1-38) complex, but their relative importance for CXCR4 binding and activation by the monomeric chemokine remains undefined. NMR titrations with short sulfopeptides showed that the tyrosine motifs of CXCR4 varied widely in their contributions to CXCL12 binding affinity and site specificity. Whereas the Tyr21 sulfopeptide bound the same site as in previously solved structures, the Tyr7 and Tyr12 sulfopeptides interacted nonspecifically. Surprisingly, the unsulfated Tyr7 peptide occupied a hydrophobic site on the CXCL12 monomer that is inaccessible in the CXCL12 dimer. Functional analysis of CXCR4 mutants validated the relative importance of individual CXCR4 sulfotyrosine modifications (Tyr21 > Tyr12 > Tyr7) for CXCL12 binding and receptor activation. Biophysical measurements also revealed a cooperative relationship between sulfopeptide binding at the Tyr21 site and CXCL12 dimerization, the first example of allosteric behavior in a chemokine. Future ligands that occupy the sTyr21 recognition site may act as both competitive inhibitors of receptor binding and allosteric modulators of chemokine function. Together, our data suggests that sulfation does not ubiquitously enhance complex affinity and that distinct patterns of tyrosine sulfation could encode oligomer selectivity, implying another layer of regulation for chemokine signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial Genome Mining of Enzymatic Tools for Alkyne Biosynthesis Abstract: The alkyne is an important functionality widely used in material science, pharmaceutical science, and chemical biology, but the importance of this functionality is contrasted by the very limited number of enzymes known to be involved in alkyne biosynthesis. We recently reported the first known carrier protein-dependent pathway for terminal alkyne formation, and in silico analysis suggested that this mechanism could be widespread in bacteria. In this paper, we screened additional homologous gene cassettes presumed to be involved in alkyne biosynthesis using both in vitro biochemical study and an E. coli-polyketide synthase (PKS) reporting system for in vivo analysis. We discovered and characterized a new terminal alkyne biosynthetic pathway comprised of TtuA, -B, and -C from Teredinibacter turnerae T7901. While the acyl-CoA ligase homologue (TtuA) demonstrated promiscuity in the activation and loading of medium-chain fatty acids onto the carrier protein (TtuC), the desaturase homologue (TtuB) showed stringent substrate specificity toward C10 fatty acyl moieties. In addition, TtuB was demonstrated to be a bifunctional desaturase/acetylenase that efficiently catalyzed two sequential O2-dependent dehydrogenation reactions. A novel terminal-alkyne bearing polyketide was further produced upon coexpression of ttuABC and a PKS gene in E. coli. The discovery and characterization of TtuA, -B, and -C provides us with a new bifunctional desaturase/acetylenase for mechanistic and structural study and expands the scarce enzyme inventory for the biosynthesis of the alkyne functionality, which has important applications in synthetic and chemical biology.	0
Abstract2class: A Highly Versatile Expression System for the Production of Multiply Phosphorylated Proteins Abstract: Genetic Code Expansion (GCE) can use TAG stop codons to guide site-specific incorporation of phosphoserine (pSer) into proteins. To eliminate prematurely truncated peptides, improve yields, and enhance the production of multiphosphorylated proteins, Release Factor 1 (RF1)-deficient expression hosts were developed, yet these grew slowly and their use was associated with extensive misincorporation of natural amino acids instead of pSer. Here, we merge a healthy RF1-deficient E. coli cell line with a high-efficiency pSer GCE translation system to produce a versatile pSer GCE platform in which only trace misincorporation of natural amino acids is detected even when five phosphoserines were introduced into one protein. Approximately 400 and 200 mg of singly and doubly phosphorylated GFP per liter of culture were obtained. Importantly, the lack of truncated protein permits expression of oligomeric proteins and the use of N-terminal solubility-enhancing proteins to aid phospho-protein expression and purification. To illustrate the enhanced utility of this system, we produce doubly phosphorylated STING (Stimulator of Interferon Genes), as well as triply phosphorylated BAD (Bcl2-associated agonist of cell death) complexed with 14-3-3, in quantity, purity, and homogeneity sufficient for structural biology applications. We anticipate that the facile access to phosphoproteins enabled by this system, which we call pSer-3.1G, will expand studies of the phospho-proteome.	0
Abstract2class: Rational design of matrix metalloproteinase-13 activatable probes for enhanced specificity Abstract: Because of the important roles that matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) play in tumor invasion and metastasis, various activatable optical probes have been developed to visualize MMP activities in vitro and in vivo. Our recently developed MMP-13 activatable probe, l-MMP-P12, has been successfully applied to image the expression and inhibition of MMPs in a xenografted tumor model [Zhu, L., et al. (2011) Theranostics 1, 18-27]. In this study, to further optimize the in vivo behavior of the proteinase activatable probe, we tracked and profiled the metabolites by a high-resolution liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) system. Two major metabolites that contributed to the fluorescence recovery were identified. One was specifically cleaved between glycine (G(4)) and valine (V(5)) by MMP, while the other one was generated by nonspecific cleavage between glycine (G(7)) and lysine (K(8)). To visualize the MMP activity more accurately and specifically, a new probe, D-MMP-P12, was designed by replacing the l-lysine with d-lysine in the MMP substrate sequence. The metabolic profile of the new probe, D-MMP-P12, was further characterized by in vitro enzymatic assay, and no nonspecific metabolite was found by LC-MS. Our in vivo optical imaging also demonstrated that D-MMP-P12 had a tumor-to-background ratio (TBR, 5.55 ± 0.75) significantly higher than that of L-MMP-P12 (3.73 ± 0.31) 2 h postinjection. The improved MMP activatable probe may have the potential for drug screening, tumor diagnosis, and therapy response monitoring. Moreover, our research strategy can be further extended to study other protease activatable probes.	0
Abstract2class: The RAD17 Promoter Sequence Contains a Potential Tail-Dependent G-Quadruplex That Downregulates Gene Expression upon Oxidative Modification Abstract: Our laboratory has recently proposed that the oxidation of guanine (G) to 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine (OG) in G-rich promoter regions of DNA repair genes can serve as a regulatory mechanism of gene transcription. These regions also have the potential to fold into G-quadruplexes (G4). The human RAD17 promoter sequence has such a region in the template strand of the gene. In this work, the potential G-quadruplex sequence (PQS) of the RAD17 gene promoter was analyzed in different sequence contexts. With two extra nucleotides of the native sequence on either side of the G4, the structure was found to fold into a hybrid-like G4, similar to the hybrid-1 fold that the human telomere sequence can adopt. With only one nucleotide on either side of the PQS, the topology of the structure was observed to be mixed, and without extra nucleotides on the ends, the sequence adopted a parallel fold. Next, the sequence was studied with synthetic incorporation of the oxidative modification OG into specific sites and installed into the promoter of plasmids with a luciferase gene. These plasmids were transfected into a human cell line to observe the effect of the G4s on transcription. The RAD17 PQS was found to decrease luciferase expression with the presence of OG that is consistent with RAD17 expression under oxidative stress. This serves as an example of how oxidative modification could affect transcription in the context of a G4.	0
Abstract2class: Plasmodium falciparum Sir2A preferentially hydrolyzes medium and long chain fatty acyl lysine Abstract: Plasmodium falciparum Sir2A (PfSir2A), a member of the sirtuin family of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide-dependent deacetylases, has been shown to regulate the expression of surface antigens to evade the detection by host immune surveillance. It is thought that PfSir2A achieves this by deacetylating histones. However, the deacetylase activity of PfSir2A is weak. Here we present enzymology and structural evidence supporting that PfSir2A catalyzes the hydrolysis of medium and long chain fatty acyl groups from lysine residues more efficiently. Furthermore, P. falciparum proteins are found to contain such fatty acyl lysine modifications that can be removed by purified PfSir2A in vitro. Together, the data suggest that the physiological function of PfSir2A in antigen variation may be achieved by removing medium and long chain fatty acyl groups from protein lysine residues. The robust activity of PfSir2A would also facilitate the development of PfSir2A inhibitors, which may have therapeutic value in malaria treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Antiviral compounds discovered by virtual screening of small-molecule libraries against dengue virus E protein Abstract: Infection by the mosquito-borne dengue virus causes dengue fever and the sometimes fatal dengue hemorrhagic fever. The increasing number of dengue infections per year suggests that the virus is becoming more virulent and its transmission is expanding. Nevertheless, no effective treatment for dengue infection currently exists. In a search for antiviral agents effective against dengue virus, we investigated the potential of targeting a structural protein site rather than an enzymatic one. Using this approach, we now report the discovery of a small molecule ligand that inhibits viral growth. Our results also provide the first evidence that the binding site, a pocket located at the hinge between domains 1 and 2 of the envelope protein (E protein) on the virus surface, is a valid target for antiviral therapy. Ligand candidates were identified from libraries of approximately 142,000 compounds using a computational high-throughput screening protocol targeting this pocket of the E protein. Cell-based assays were conducted on 23 top-ranked compounds. Among four with good antiviral activity profiles, the compound P02 was found to inhibit viral reproduction at micromolar concentrations. Using saturation transfer difference NMR spectroscopy, we also show that the compound binds virus and competes for binding E protein with the known ligand N-octyl-beta-D-glucoside. Together, the results are consistent with an inhibition mechanism against maturation or host-cell entry mediated by ligand binding to the E-protein pocket. P02 is a promising lead compound for future development of an effective treatment against dengue virus and related flaviviruses.	0
Abstract2class: Tryptophan Metabolism in Caenorhabditis elegans Links Aggregation Behavior to Nutritional Status Abstract: Caenorhabditis elegans uses aggregation pheromones to communicate its nutritional status and recruit fellow members of its species to food sources. These aggregation pheromones include the IC-ascarosides, ascarosides modified with an indole-3-carbonyl (IC) group on the 4'-position of the ascarylose sugar. Nothing is known about the biosynthesis of the IC modification beyond the fact that it is derived from tryptophan. Here, we show that C. elegans produces endogenously several indole-containing metabolites, including indole-3-pyruvic acid (IPA), indole-3-acetic acid (IAA; auxin), and indole-3-carboxylic acid, and that these metabolites are intermediates in the biosynthetic pathway from tryptophan to the IC group. Stable isotope-labeled IPA and IAA are incorporated into the IC-ascarosides. Importantly, we show that flux through the biosynthetic pathway is affected by the activity of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex (PDC). Knockdown of the PDC by RNA interference leads to an accumulation of upstream metabolites and a reduction in downstream metabolites in the pathway. Our results show that production of aggregation pheromones is linked to PDC activity and that aggregation behavior may reflect a favorable metabolic state in the worm. Lastly, we show that treatment of C. elegans with indole-containing metabolites in the pathway induces the biosynthesis of the IC-ascarosides. Because the natural environment of C. elegans is rotting plant material, indole-containing metabolites in this environment could potentially stimulate pheromone biosynthesis and aggregation behavior in the worm. Thus, there may be important links between tryptophan metabolism in C. elegans and in plants and bacteria that enable interkingdom signaling.	0
Abstract2class: A Single-Chain Photoswitchable CRISPR-Cas9 Architecture for Light-Inducible Gene Editing and Transcription Abstract: Optical control of CRISPR-Cas9-derived proteins would be useful for restricting gene editing or transcriptional regulation to desired times and places. Optical control of Cas9 functions has been achieved with photouncageable unnatural amino acids or by using light-induced protein interactions to reconstitute Cas9-mediated functions from two polypeptides. However, these methods have only been applied to one Cas9 species and have not been used for optical control of different perturbations at two genes. Here, we use photodissociable dimeric fluorescent protein domains to engineer single-chain photoswitchable Cas9 (ps-Cas9) proteins in which the DNA-binding cleft is occluded at baseline and opened upon illumination. This design successfully controlled different species and functional variants of Cas9, mediated transcriptional activation more robustly than previous optogenetic methods, and enabled light-induced transcription of one gene and editing of another in the same cells. Thus, a single-chain photoswitchable architecture provides a general method to control a variety of Cas9-mediated functions.	0
Abstract2class: Natural Occurrence of Hybrid Polyketides from Two Distinct Biosynthetic Pathways in Streptomyces pactum Abstract: Nature has always been seemingly limitless in its ability to create new chemical entities. It provides vastly diverse natural compounds through a biomanufacturing process that involves myriads of biosynthetic machineries. Here we report a case of unusual formations of hybrid natural products that are derived from two distinct polyketide biosynthetic pathways, the NFAT-133 and conglobatin pathways, in Streptomyces pactum ATCC 27456. Their chemical structures were determined by NMR spectroscopy, mass spectrometry, and chemical synthesis. Genome sequence analysis and gene inactivation experiments uncovered the biosynthetic gene cluster of conglobatin in S. pactum. Biochemical studies of the recombinant thioesterase (TE) domain of the conglobatin polyketide synthase (PKS) as well as its S74A mutant revealed that the formation of these hybrid compounds requires an active TE domain. We propose that NFAT-133 can interfere with conglobatin biosynthesis by reacting with the TE-domain-bound intermediates in the conglobatin PKS assembly line to form hybrid NFAT-133/conglobatin products.	0
Abstract2class: Activity-Based Protein Profiling Identifies α-Ketoamides as Inhibitors for Phospholipase A2 Group XVI Abstract: Phospholipase A2, group XVI (PLA2G16) is a thiol hydrolase from the HRASLS family that regulates lipolysis in adipose tissue and has been identified as a host factor enabling the cellular entry of picornaviruses. Chemical tools are essential to visualize and control PLA2G16 activity, but they have not been reported to date. Here, we show that MB064, which is a fluorescent lipase probe, also labels recombinant and endogenously expressed PLA2G16. Competitive activity-based protein profiling (ABPP) using MB064 enabled the discovery of α-ketoamides as the first selective PLA2G16 inhibitors. LEI110 was identified as a potent PLA2G16 inhibitor ( Ki = 20 nM) that reduces cellular arachidonic acid levels and oleic acid-induced lipolysis in human HepG2 cells. Gel-based ABPP and chemical proteomics showed that LEI110 is a selective pan-inhibitor of the HRASLS family of thiol hydrolases (i.e., PLA2G16, HRASLS2, RARRES3 and iNAT). Molecular dynamic simulations of LEI110 in the reported crystal structure of PLA2G16 provided insight in the potential ligand-protein interactions to explain its binding mode. In conclusion, we have developed the first selective inhibitor that can be used to study the cellular role of PLA2G16.	0
Abstract2class: Computational design of a time-dependent histone deacetylase 2 selective inhibitor Abstract: Development of isoform-selective histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors is of great biological and medical interest. Among 11 zinc-dependent HDAC isoforms, it is particularly challenging to achieve isoform inhibition selectivity between HDAC1 and HDAC2 due to their very high structural similarities. In this work, by developing and applying a novel de novo reaction-mechanism-based inhibitor design strategy to exploit the reactivity difference, we have discovered the first HDAC2-selective inhibitor, β-hydroxymethyl chalcone. Our bioassay experiments show that this new compound has a unique time-dependent selective inhibition on HDAC2, leading to about 20-fold isoform-selectivity against HDAC1. Furthermore, our ab initio QM/MM molecular dynamics simulations, a state-of-the-art approach to study reactions in biological systems, have elucidated how the β-hydroxymethyl chalcone can achieve the distinct time-dependent inhibition toward HDAC2.	0
Abstract2class: Thiol-benzo-triazolo-quinazolinone Inhibits Alg44 Binding to c-di-GMP and Reduces Alginate Production by Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Pseudomonas aeruginosa is an opportunistic pathogen that affects a large proportion of cystic fibrosis (CF) patients. CF patients have dehydrated mucus within the airways that leads to the inability of the mucociliary escalator to expel inhaled microbes. Once inhaled, P. aeruginosa can persist in the lungs of the CF patients for the remainder of their lives. During this chronic infection, a phenomenon called mucoid conversion can occur in which P. aeruginosa can mutate and inactivate their mucA gene. As a consequence, transcription of the alg operon is highly expressed, leading to the copious secretion of the alginate exopolysaccharide, which is associated with decreased lung function and increased CF patient morbidity and mortality. Alginate biosynthesis by P. aeruginosa is post-translationally regulated by bis(3'-5')-cyclic dimeric guanosine monophosphate (c-di-GMP), which binds to the receptor protein Alg44 to activate alginate production. The identification of small molecules that disrupt the binding of c-di-GMP to Alg44 could inhibit the ability of P. aeruginosa to produce alginate. In this work, a class of thiol-benzo-triazolo-quinazolinone compounds that inhibited Alg44 binding to c-di-GMP in vitro was identified after screening chemical libraries consisting of ∼50 000 chemical compounds. Thiol-benzo-triazolo-quinazolinones were shown to specifically inhibit Alg44-c-di-GMP interactions by forming a disulfide bond with the cysteine residue in the PilZ domain of Alg44. The more potent thiol-benzo-triazolo-quinazolinone had the ability to reduce P. aeruginosa alginate secretion by up to 30%. These compounds serve as leads in the development of novel inhibitors of alginate production by P. aeruginosa after mucoid conversion.	0
Abstract2class: Capturing Post-Translational Modification-Triggered Protein-Protein Interactions Using Dual Noncanonical Amino Acid Mutagenesis Abstract: Reversible post-translational modification (PTM) is a powerful and ubiquitous mechanism to regulate protein function. The mechanistic basis of the associated functional regulation by PTMs often involves the recruitment of interaction partners that selectively bind the modified protein. Identifying such functionally important protein-protein interactions that are uniquely triggered by PTMs remains difficult due to several technical challenges. To address this, here we develop technology to site-specifically incorporate two distinct noncanonical amino acids into recombinant proteins: one modeling a PTM of interest and the second harboring a photoaffinity probe. Using lysine-23 acetylation of histone 3 as a model system, we show that such dual-labeled "protein probes" can covalently capture its "reader" protein.	0
Abstract2class: Insights into Interactions of Mycobacteria with the Host Innate Immune System from a Novel Array of Synthetic Mycobacterial Glycans Abstract: An array of homogeneous glycans representing all the major carbohydrate structures present in the cell wall of the human pathogen Mycobacterium tuberculosis and other mycobacteria has been probed with a panel of glycan-binding receptors expressed on cells of the mammalian innate immune system. The results provide an overview of interactions between mycobacterial glycans and receptors that mediate uptake and survival in macrophages, dendritic cells, and sinusoidal endothelial cells. A subset of the wide variety of glycan structures present on mycobacterial surfaces interact with cells of the innate immune system through the receptors tested. Endocytic receptors, including the mannose receptor, DC-SIGN, langerin, and DC-SIGNR (L-SIGN), interact predominantly with mannose-containing caps found on the mycobacterial polysaccharide lipoarabinomannan. Some of these receptors also interact with phosphatidyl-myo-inositol mannosides and mannose-containing phenolic glycolipids. Many glycans are ligands for overlapping sets of receptors, suggesting multiple, redundant routes by which mycobacteria can enter cells. Receptors with signaling capability interact with two distinct sets of mycobacterial glycans: targets for dectin-2 overlap with ligands for the mannose-binding endocytic receptors, while mincle binds exclusively to trehalose-containing structures such as trehalose dimycolate. None of the receptors surveyed bind furanose residues, which often form part of the epitopes recognized by antibodies to mycobacteria. Thus, the innate and adaptive immune systems can target different sets of mycobacterial glycans. This array, the first of its kind, represents an important new tool for probing, at a molecular level, biological roles of a broad range of mycobacterial glycans, a task that has not previously been possible.	0
Abstract2class: Structural studies of an A2-type modular polyketide synthase ketoreductase reveal features controlling α-substituent stereochemistry Abstract: Modular polyketide synthase ketoreductases often set two stereocenters when reducing intermediates in the biosynthesis of a complex polyketide. Here we report the 2.55-Å resolution structure of an A2-type ketoreductase from the 11th module of the amphotericin polyketide synthase that sets a combination of l-α-methyl and l-β-hydroxyl stereochemistries and represents the final catalytically competent ketoreductase type to be structurally elucidated. Through structure-guided mutagenesis a double mutant of an A1-type ketoreductase was generated that functions as an A2-type ketoreductase on a diketide substrate analogue, setting an α-alkyl substituent in an l-orientation rather than in the d-orientation set by the unmutated ketoreductase. When the activity of the double mutant was examined in the context of an engineered triketide lactone synthase, the anticipated triketide lactone was not produced even though the ketoreductase-containing module still reduced the diketide substrate analogue as expected. These findings suggest that re-engineered ketoreductases may be catalytically outcompeted within engineered polyketide synthase assembly lines.	0
Abstract2class: The missing linker: a dimerization motif located within polyketide synthase modules Abstract: The dimerization of multimodular polyketide synthases is essential for their function. Motifs that supplement the contacts made by dimeric polyketide synthase enzymes have previously been characterized outside the boundaries of modules, at the N- and C-terminal ends of polyketide synthase subunits. Here we describe a heretofore uncharacterized dimerization motif located within modules. The dimeric state of this dimerization element was elucidated through the 2.6 Å resolution crystal structure of a fragment containing a dimerization element and a ketoreductase. The solution structure of a standalone dimerization element was revealed by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy to be consistent with that of the crystal structure, and its dimerization constant was measured through analytical ultracentrifugation to be ∼20 μM. The dimer buries ∼990 Å(2) at its interface, and its C-terminal helices rigidly connect to ketoreductase domains to constrain their locations within a module. These structural restraints permitted the construction of a common type of polyketide synthase module.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibiting Mycobacterium tuberculosis DosRST Signaling by Targeting Response Regulator DNA Binding and Sensor Kinase Heme Abstract: Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) possesses a two-component regulatory system, DosRST, that enables Mtb to sense host immune cues and establish a state of nonreplicating persistence (NRP). NRP bacteria are tolerant to several antimycobacterial drugs in vitro and are thought to play a role in the long course of tuberculosis therapy. Previously, we reported the discovery of six novel chemical inhibitors of DosRST, named HC101A-106A, from a whole cell, reporter-based phenotypic high throughput screen. Here, we report functional and mechanism of action studies of HC104A and HC106A. RNaseq transcriptional profiling shows that the compounds downregulate genes of the DosRST regulon. Both compounds reduce hypoxia-induced triacylglycerol synthesis by ∼50%. HC106A inhibits Mtb survival during hypoxia-induced NRP; however, HC104A did not inhibit survival during NRP. An electrophoretic mobility assay shows that HC104A inhibits DosR DNA binding in a dose-dependent manner, indicating that HC104A may function by directly targeting DosR. In contrast, UV-visible spectroscopy studies suggest HC106A directly targets the sensor kinase heme, via a mechanism that is distinct from the oxidation and alkylation of heme previously observed with artemisinin (HC101A). Synergistic interactions were observed when DosRST inhibitors were examined in pairwise combinations with the strongest potentiation observed between artemisinin paired with HC102A, HC103A, or HC106A. Our data collectively show that the DosRST pathway can be inhibited by multiple distinct mechanisms.	0
Abstract2class: Temporal and spatial regulation of microRNA activity with photoactivatable cantimirs Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that play numerous important roles in physiology and human diseases. During animal development, many miRNAs are expressed continuously from early embryos throughout adults, yet it is unclear whether these miRNAs are actually required at all the stages of development. Current techniques of manipulating microRNA function lack the required spatial and temporal resolution to adequately address the functionality of a given microRNA at a specific time or at single-cell resolution. To examine stage- or cell-specific function of miRNA during development and to achieve precise control of miRNA activity, we have developed photoactivatable antisense oligonucleotides against miRNAs. These caged oligonucleotides can be activated with 365 nm light with extraordinarily high efficiency to release potent antisense reagents to inhibit miRNAs. Initial application of these caged antimirs in a model organism (C. elegans) revealed that the activity of a miRNA (lsy-6) is required specifically around the comma stage during embryonic development to control a left/right asymmetric differentiation program in the C. elegans nervous system. This suggests that a transient input of lsy-6 during development is sufficient to specify the neuronal cell fate.	0
Abstract2class: PtmC Catalyzes the Final Step of Thioplatensimycin, Thioplatencin, and Thioplatensilin Biosynthesis and Expands the Scope of Arylamine N-Acetyltransferases Abstract: The members of the arylamine N-acetyltransferase (NAT) family of enzymes are important for their many roles in xenobiotic detoxification in bacteria and humans. However, very little is known about their roles outside of detoxification or their specificities for acyl donors larger than acetyl-CoA. Herein, we report the detailed study of PtmC, an unusual NAT homologue encoded in the biosynthetic gene cluster for thioplatensimycin, thioplatencin, and a newly reported scaffold, thioplatensilin, thioacid-containing diterpenoids and highly potent inhibitors of bacterial and mammalian fatty acid synthases. As the final enzyme of the pathway, PtmC is responsible for the selection of a thioacid arylamine over its cognate carboxylic acid and coupling to at least three large, 17-carbon ketolide-CoA substrates. Therefore, this study uses a combined approach of enzymology and molecular modeling to reveal how PtmC has evolved from the canonical NAT scaffold into a key part of a natural combinatorial biosynthetic pathway. Additionally, genome mining has revealed the presence of other related NATs located within natural product biosynthetic gene clusters. Thus, findings from this study are expected to expand our knowledge of how enzymes evolve for expanded substrate diversity and enable additional predictions about the activities of NATs involved in natural product biosynthesis and xenobiotic detoxification.	0
Abstract2class: The Integrity of the Intradimer Interface of the Hepatitis B Virus Capsid Protein Dimer Regulates Capsid Self-Assembly Abstract: During the hepatitis B virus lifecycle, 120 copies of homodimeric capsid protein assemble around a copy of reverse transcriptase and viral RNA and go on to produce an infectious virion. Assembly needs to be tightly regulated by protein conformational change to ensure symmetry, fidelity, and reproducibility. Here, we show that structures at the intradimer interface regulate conformational changes at the distal interdimer interface and so regulate assembly. A pair of interacting charged residues, D78 from each monomer, conspicuously located at the top of a four-helix bundle that forms the intradimer interface, were mutated to serine to disrupt communication between the two monomers. The mutation slowed assembly and destabilized the dimer to thermal and chemical denaturation. Mutant dimers showed evidence of transient partial unfolding based on the appearance of new proteolytically sensitive sites. Though the mutant dimer was less stable, the resulting capsids were as stable as the wildtype, based on assembly and thermal denaturation studies. Cryo-EM image reconstructions of capsid indicated that the subunits adopted an "open" state more usually associated with a free dimer and that the spike tips were either disordered or highly flexible. Molecular dynamics simulations provide mechanistic explanations for these results, suggesting that D78 stabilizes helix 4a, which forms part of the intradimer interface, by capping its N-terminus and hydrogen-bonding to nearby residues, whereas the D78S mutation disrupts these interactions, leading to partial unwinding of helix 4a. This in turn weakens the connection from helix 4 and the intradimer interface to helix 5, which forms the interdimer interface.	0
Abstract2class: Exploration of type II binding mode: A privileged approach for kinase inhibitor focused drug discovery? Abstract: The ATP site of kinases displays remarkable conformational flexibility when accommodating chemically diverse small molecule inhibitors. The so-called activation segment, whose conformation controls catalytic activity and access to the substrate binding pocket, can undergo a large conformational change with the active state assuming a 'DFG-in' and an inactive state assuming a 'DFG-out' conformation. Compounds that preferentially bind to the DFG-out conformation are typically called 'type II' inhibitors in contrast to 'type I' inhibitors that bind to the DFG-in conformation. This review surveys the large number of type II inhibitors that have been developed and provides an analysis of their crystallographically determined binding modes. Using a small library of type II inhibitors, we demonstrate that more than 200 kinases can be targeted, suggesting that type II inhibitors may not be intrinsically more selective than type I inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Controllable hydrogen sulfide donors and their activity against myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury Abstract: Hydrogen sulfide (H2S), known as an important cellular signaling molecule, plays critical roles in many physiological and/or pathological processes. Modulation of H2S levels could have tremendous therapeutic value. However, the study on H2S has been hindered due to the lack of controllable H2S releasing agents that could mimic the slow and moderate H2S release in vivo. In this work we report the design, synthesis, and biological evaluation of a new class of controllable H2S donors. Twenty-five donors were prepared and tested. Their structures were based on a perthiol template, which was suggested to be involved in H2S biosynthesis. H2S release mechanism from these donors was studied and proved to be thiol-dependent. We also developed a series of cell-based assays to access their H2S-related activities. H9c2 cardiac myocytes were used in these experiments. We tested lead donors' cytotoxicity and confirmed their H2S production in cells. Finally we demonstrated that selected donors showed potent protective effects in an in vivo murine model of myocardial ischemia-reperfusion injury, through a H2S-related mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: HIV-1 Integrase Strand Transfer Inhibitors with Reduced Susceptibility to Drug Resistant Mutant Integrases Abstract: HIV integrase (IN) strand transfer inhibitors (INSTIs) are among the newest anti-AIDS drugs; however, mutant forms of IN can confer resistance. We developed noncytotoxic naphthyridine-containing INSTIs that retain low nanomolar IC50 values against HIV-1 variants harboring all of the major INSTI-resistant mutations. We found by analyzing crystal structures of inhibitors bound to the IN from the prototype foamy virus (PFV) that the most successful inhibitors show striking mimicry of the bound viral DNA prior to 3'-processing and the bound host DNA prior to strand transfer. Using this concept of "bi-substrate mimicry," we developed a new broadly effective inhibitor that not only mimics aspects of both the bound target and viral DNA but also more completely fills the space they would normally occupy. Maximizing shape complementarity and recapitulating structural components encompassing both of the IN DNA substrates could serve as a guiding principle for the development of new INSTIs.	0
Abstract2class: Target-based screen against a periplasmic serine protease that regulates intrabacterial pH homeostasis in Mycobacterium tuberculosis Abstract: Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) maintains its intrabacterial pH (pHIB) near neutrality in the acidic environment of phagosomes within activated macrophages. A previously reported genetic screen revealed that Mtb loses this ability when the mycobacterial acid resistance protease (marP) gene is disrupted. In the present study, a high throughput screen (HTS) of compounds against the protease domain of MarP identified benzoxazinones as inhibitors of MarP. A potent benzoxazinone, BO43 (6-chloro-2-(2'-methylphenyl)-4H-1,3-benzoxazin-4-one), acylated MarP and lowered Mtb's pHIB and survival during incubation at pH 4.5. BO43 had similar effects on MarP-deficient Mtb, suggesting the existence of additional target(s). Reaction of an alkynyl-benzoxazinone, BO43T, with Mycobacterium bovis variant bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG) followed by click chemistry with azido-biotin identified both the MarP homologue and the high temperature requirement A1 (HtrA1) homologue, an essential protein. Thus, the chemical probe identified through a target-based screen not only reacted with its intended target in the intact cells but also implicated an additional enzyme that had eluded a genetic screen biased against essential genes.	0
Abstract2class: Self-Assembling NanoLuc Luciferase Fragments as Probes for Protein Aggregation in Living Cells Abstract: Given the clear role of protein aggregation in human disease, there is a critical need for assays capable of quantifying protein aggregation in living systems. We hypothesized that the inherently low background and biocompatibility of luminescence signal readouts could provide a potential solution to this problem. Herein, we describe a set of self-assembling NanoLuc luciferase (Nluc) fragments that produce a tunable luminescence readout that is dependent upon the solubility of a target protein fused to the N-terminal Nluc fragment. To demonstrate this approach, we employed this assay in bacteria to assess mutations known to disrupt amyloid-beta (Aβ) aggregation as well as disease-relevant mutations associated with familial Alzheimer's diseases. The luminescence signal from these experiments correlates with the reported aggregation potential of these Aβ mutants and reinforces the increased aggregation potential of disease-relevant mutations in Aβ1-42. To further demonstrate the utility of this approach, we show that the effect of small molecule inhibitors on Aβ aggregation can be monitored using this system. In addition, we demonstrate that aggregation assays can be ported into mammalian cells. Taken together, these results indicate that this platform could be used to rapidly screen for mutations that influence protein aggregation as well as inhibitors of protein aggregation. This method offers a novel, genetically encodable luminescence readout of protein aggregation in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: Specificity of the E1-E2-E3 enzymatic cascade for ubiquitin C-terminal sequences identified by phage display Abstract: Ubiquitin (UB) is a protein modifier that regulates many essential cellular processes. To initiate protein modification by UB, the E1 enzyme activates the C-terminal carboxylate of UB to launch its transfer through the E1-E2-E3 cascade onto target proteins. In this study, we used phage display to profile the specificity of the two human E1 enzymes, Ube1 and Uba6, toward the C-terminal sequence of UB ending with (71)LRLRGG(76). Phage selection revealed that while Arg72 of UB is absolutely required for E1 recognition, UB residues at positions 71, 73, and 74 can be replaced with bulky aromatic side chains, and Gly75 of UB can be changed to Ser, Asp, and Asn for efficient E1 activation. We have thus found that the E1 enzymes have substantial promiscuity regarding the UB C-terminal sequence. The UB variants from phage selection can also be transferred from E1 to E2 enzymes; however, they are blocked from further transfer to the E3 enzymes. This suggests that the C-terminal sequence of UB is important for its discharge from E2 and subsequent transfer to E3. In addition, we observed that the Leu73Phe and Leu73Tyr single mutants of UB are resistant to cleavage by deubiquitinating enzymes (DUBs), although they can be assembled by the E1-E2-E3 cascade into poly-UB chains, thus indicating differences in UB C-terminal specificities between the E1 and DUBs. Consequently these UB mutants may provide stability to UB polymers attached to cellular proteins and facilitate the elucidation of the biological signals encoded in the UB chains.	0
Abstract2class: Real-time imaging of Rab5 activity using a prequenched biosensor Abstract: A key regulator of receptor-mediated endocytosis, Rab5, plays a pivotal role in cargo receptor internalization, endosomal maturation, and transduction and degradation of internalized signaling molecules and recycling cargo receptor. Stressful conditions within cells lead to increased Rab5 activation, and increasing evidence correlates Rab5 activity abnormalities with certain diseases. Current antibody-based imaging methods cannot distinguish active Rab5 from total Rab5 population and provide dynamic information on magnitude and duration of Rab5 activation in cellular events and pathogenesis. We report here novel molecular imaging probes that specifically target GTP-bound Rab5 associated with the early endosome membrane in live cells and fixed mouse brain tissues. Our Rab5 activity fluorescent biosensor (RAFB) contains the Rab5 binding domain of the Rab5 effector Rabaptin 5, a fluorophore (a quantum dot or fluorescent dye) and a cell-penetrating peptide for live-cell delivery. The quantum dot conjugated RAFB was able to image the elevated Rab5 activity in both the cortex and hippocampi tissues of a Ts65Dn mouse. A prequenched RAFB based on fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) can image cytosolic active Rab5 in single live cells. This novel method should enable imaging of the biological process in which Rab5 activity is regulated in various cellular systems.	0
Abstract2class: Reduction of human defensin 5 affords a high-affinity zinc-chelating peptide Abstract: Human defensin 5 (HD5) is a 32-residue cysteine-rich host-defense peptide that exhibits three disulfide bonds in the oxidized form (HD5ox). It is abundant in small intestinal Paneth cells, which release HD5 into the intestinal lumen and house a labile Zn(II) store of unknown function. Here, we consider the redox properties of HD5 and report that the reduced form, HD5red, is a metal-ion chelator. HD5 has a midpoint potential of -257 mV at pH 7.0. HD5red utilizes its cysteine residues to coordinate one equivalent of Zn(II) with an apparent Kd1 value in the midpicomolar range. Zn(II) or Cd(II) binding perturbs the oxidative folding pathway of HD5red to HD5ox. Whereas HD5red is highly susceptible to proteolytic degradation, the Zn(II)-bound form displays resistance to hydrolytic breakdown by trypsin and other proteases. The ability of a reduced defensin peptide to coordinate Zn(II) provides a putative mechanism for how these peptides persist in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: A Regulatory Cysteine Residue Mediates Reversible Inactivation of NAD+-Dependent Aldehyde Dehydrogenases to Promote Oxidative Stress Response Abstract: Aldehyde dehydrogenases (ALDHs) are a large family of enzymes that oxidize aldehydes into carboxylic acids. All ALDHs have a conserved catalytic cysteine residue but different cofactor preferences for NAD+ or NADP+. We discovered a CC motif composed of the catalytic and an adjacent cysteine, which are prone to disulfide bond formation under oxidative stress. This facilitates rapid detection of and response to oxidants, as well as protects the catalytic cysteine from overoxidation into irreversible products. In ALDHs, the CC motif only exists in NAD+-dependent ones, which leads to selective inhibition of NAD+-dependent ALDHs under oxidative stress, diverting carbon sources to the NADPH producing ALDHs. This alleviates the oxidative stress and promotes cell survival. Our findings revealed a novel regulatory mechanism for ALDHs that functions in the oxidative stress response. Many enzymes with catalytic cysteine residues have proximal cysteine, suggesting that such a regulatory mechanism may be general.	0
Abstract2class: Selective Usage of Isozymes for Stress Response Abstract: Isozymes are enzymes with similar sequences that catalyze the same reaction in a given species. In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, most isozymes have major isoforms with high expression levels and minor isoforms with little expression under normal growth conditions. In a proteomic study aimed at identifying yeast protein regulated by rapamycin, we found an interesting phenomenon, that, for several metabolic enzymes, the major isozymes are downregulated while the minor isozymes are upregulated. Through enzymological and biochemical studies, we demonstrate that a rapamycin-upregulated enolase isozyme (ENO1) favors gluconeogenesis and a rapamycin-upregulated alcohol dehydrogenase isozyme (ALD4) promotes the reduction of NAD+ to NADH (instead of NADP+ to NADPH). Gene deletion study in yeast showed that the ENO1 and ALD4 are important for yeast survival under less-favorable growth conditions. Therefore, our study highlights the different metabolic needs of cells under different conditions and how nature chooses different isozymes to fit the metabolic needs.	0
Abstract2class: Antagonizing the Androgen Receptor with a Biomimetic Acyltransferase Abstract: The Androgen Receptor (AR) remains the leading target of advanced prostate cancer therapies. Thiosalicylamide analogs have previously been shown to act in cells as acyltransfer catalysts that are capable of transferring cellular acetate, presumably from acetyl-CoA, to HIV NCp7. Here we explore if the cellular acetyl-transfer activity of thiosalicylamides can be redirected to other cellular targets guided by ligands for AR. We constructed conjugates of thiosalicylamides and the AR-binding small molecule tolfenamic acid, which binds the BF-3 site of AR, proximal to the coactivator "FXXLF" binding surface. The thiosalicylamide-tolfenamic acid conjugate, YZ03, but not the separate thiosalicylamide plus tolfenamic acid, significantly enhanced acetylation of endogenous AR in CWR22Rv1 cells. Further analysis confirms that Lys720, a residue critical to FXXLF coactivator peptide binding, is a site of acyl-YZ03 acetylation. Under acyl-transfer conditions, YZ03 significantly enhances the ability of BF-3 site binding ligands to inhibit AR-coactivator peptide association. These data suggest that biomimetic acyltransferases can enhance protein-protein interaction inhibitors through covalent modification of critical interfacial residues.	0
Abstract2class: An antibody CDR3-erythropoietin fusion protein Abstract: X-ray crystallographic analysis of a bovine antibody (BLV1H12) revealed a unique scaffold in its ultralong heavy chain complementarity determining region 3 (CDR3H) that folds into a solvent exposed, antiparallel β-stranded "stalk" fused with a disulfide cross-linked "knob" domain. This unusual variable region motif provides a novel approach for generating chimeric antibodies with novel activities. Toward this end, human erythropoietin (hEPO) was substituted for the "knob" domain in this antibody to afford an antibody-hEPO (Ab-hEPO) fusion protein that efficiently expresses in mammalian cells. Ab-hEPO proliferated TF-1 cells with a potency comparable to that of hEPO (EC50 ∼ 0.03 nM) and exhibits a significantly extended plasma half-life (>6 days) in mice relative to hEPO (∼4 h). Mice treated with the Ab-hEPO fusion protein show sustained elevated hematocrit for more than two weeks. This work demonstrates the utility of BLV1H12 CDR3 fusions as a novel approach for generating potent polypeptides with enhanced pharmacological properties.	0
Abstract2class: Structures of darunavir-resistant HIV-1 protease mutant reveal atypical binding of darunavir to wide open flaps Abstract: The molecular basis for high resistance to clinical inhibitors of HIV-1 protease (PR) was examined for the variant designated PRP51 that was selected for resistance to darunavir (DRV). High resolution crystal structures of PRP51 with the active site D25N mutation revealed a ligand-free form and an inhibitor-bound form showing a unique binding site and orientation for DRV. This inactivating mutation is known to increase the dimer dissociation constant and decrease DRV affinity of PR. The PRP51-D25N dimers were in the open conformation with widely separated flaps, as reported for other highly resistant variants. PRP51-D25N dimer bound two DRV molecules and showed larger separation of 8.7 Å between the closest atoms of the two flaps compared with 4.4 Å for the ligand-free structure of this mutant. The ligand-free structure, however, lacked van der Waals contacts between Ile50 and Pro81' from the other subunit in the dimer, unlike the majority of PR structures. DRV is bound inside the active site cavity; however, the inhibitor is oriented almost perpendicular to its typical position and exhibits only 2 direct hydrogen bond and two water-mediated interactions with atoms of PRP51-D25N compared with 11 hydrogen bond interactions seen for DRV bound in the typical position in wild-type enzyme. The atypical location of DRV may provide opportunities for design of novel inhibitors targeting the open conformation of PR drug-resistant mutants.	0
Abstract2class: Repair of Alkylation Damage in Eukaryotic Chromatin Depends on Searching Ability of Alkyladenine DNA Glycosylase Abstract: Human alkyladenine DNA glycosylase (AAG) initiates the base excision repair pathway by excising alkylated and deaminated purine lesions. In vitro biochemical experiments demonstrate that AAG uses facilitated diffusion to efficiently search DNA to find rare sites of damage and suggest that electrostatic interactions are critical to the searching process. However, it remains an open question whether DNA searching limits the rate of DNA repair in vivo. We constructed AAG mutants with altered searching ability and measured their ability to protect yeast from alkylation damage in order to address this question. Each of the conserved arginine and lysine residues that are near the DNA binding interface were mutated, and the functional impacts were evaluated using kinetic and thermodynamic analysis. These mutations do not perturb catalysis of N-glycosidic bond cleavage, but they decrease the ability to capture rare lesion sites. Nonspecific and specific DNA binding properties are closely correlated, suggesting that the electrostatic interactions observed in the specific recognition complex are similarly important for DNA searching complexes. The ability of the mutant proteins to complement repair-deficient yeast cells is positively correlated with the ability of the proteins to search DNA in vitro, suggesting that cellular resistance to DNA alkylation is governed by the ability to find and efficiently capture cytotoxic lesions. It appears that chromosomal access is not restricted and toxic sites of alkylation damage are readily accessible to a searching protein.	0
Abstract2class: Computational design and experimental characterization of peptides intended for pH-dependent membrane insertion and pore formation Abstract: There are many opportunities to use macromolecules, such as peptides and oligonucleotides, for intracellular applications. Despite this, general methods for delivering these molecules to the cytosol in a safe and efficient manner are not available. Efforts to develop a variety of intracellular drug delivery systems such as viral vectors, lipoplexes, nanoparticles, and amphiphilic peptides have been made, but various challenges such as delivery efficiency, toxicity, and controllability remain. A central challenge is the ability to selectively perturb, not destroy, the membrane to facilitate cargo introduction. Herein, we describe our efforts to design and characterize peptides that form pores inside membranes at acidic pH, so-called pH-switchable pore formation (PSPF) peptides, as a potential means for facilitating cargo translocation through membranes. Consistent with pore formation, these peptides exhibit low-pH-triggered selective release of ATP and miRNA, but not hemoglobin, from red blood cells. Consistent with these observations, biophysical studies (tryptophan fluorescence, circular dichroism, size-exclusion chromatography, analytical ultracentrifugation, and attenuated total reflectance Fourier transformed infrared spectroscopy) show that decreased pH destabilizes the PSPF peptides in aqueous systems while promoting their membrane insertion. Together, these results suggest that reduced pH drives insertion of PSPF peptides into membranes, leading to target-specific escape through a proposed pore formation mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis for high-affinity peptide inhibition of human Pin1 Abstract: Human Pin1 is a key regulator of cell-cycle progression and plays growth-promoting roles in human cancers. High-affinity inhibitors of Pin1 may provide a unique opportunity for disrupting oncogenic pathways. Here we report two high-resolution X-ray crystal structures of human Pin1 bound to non-natural peptide inhibitors. The structures of the bound high-affinity peptides identify a type-I beta-turn conformation for Pin1 prolyl peptide isomerase domain-peptide binding and an extensive molecular interface for high-affinity recognition. Moreover, these structures suggest chemical elements that may further improve the affinity and pharmacological properties of future peptide-based Pin inhibitors. Finally, an intramolecular hydrogen bond observed in both peptide complexes mimics the cyclic conformation of FK506 and rapamycin. Both FK506 and rapamycin are clinically important inhibitors of other peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerases. This comparative discovery suggests that a cyclic peptide polyketide bridge, like that found in FK506 and rapamycin or a similar linkage, may significantly improve the binding affinity of structure-based Pin1 inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: c-Yes tyrosine kinase is a potent suppressor of ES cell differentiation and antagonizes the actions of its closest phylogenetic relative, c-Src Abstract: Embryonic stem (ES) cells are derived from the inner cell mass of the blastocyst stage embryo and are characterized by self-renewal and pluripotency. Previous work has shown that Src-family tyrosine kinases display dynamic expression and activity changes during ES cell differentiation, suggesting distinct functions in the control of developmental fate. Here we used ES cells to test the hypothesis that c-Src and its closest phylogenetic relative, c-Yes, act in biological opposition despite their strong homology. Unlike c-Src, enforced expression of active c-Yes blocked ES cell differentiation to embryoid bodies by maintaining pluripotency gene expression. To explore the interplay of c-Src and c-Yes in ES cell differentiation, we engineered c-Src and c-Yes mutants that are resistant to A-419259, a potent pyrrolopyrimidine inhibitor of the Src kinase family. Previous studies have shown that A-419259 treatment blocks all Src-family kinase activity in ES cells, preventing differentiation while maintaining pluripotency. Expression of inhibitor-resistant c-Src but not c-Yes rescued the A-419259 differentiation block, resulting in a cell population with properties of both primitive ectoderm and endoderm. Remarkably, when inhibitor-resistant c-Src and c-Yes were expressed together in ES cells, c-Yes activity suppressed c-Src-mediated differentiation. These studies show that even closely related kinases such as c-Src and c-Yes have unique and opposing functions in the same cell type. Selective agonists or inhibitors of c-Src versus c-Yes activity may allow more precise pharmacological manipulation of ES cell fate and have broader applications in other biological systems that express multiple Src family members such as tumor cells.	0
Abstract2class: Heat-shock response transcriptional program enables high-yield and high-quality recombinant protein production in Escherichia coli Abstract: The biosynthesis of soluble, properly folded recombinant proteins in large quantities from Escherichia coli is desirable for academic research and industrial protein production. The basal E. coli protein homeostasis (proteostasis) network capacity is often insufficient to efficiently fold overexpressed proteins. Herein we demonstrate that a transcriptionally reprogrammed E. coli proteostasis network is generally superior for producing soluble, folded, and functional recombinant proteins. Reprogramming is accomplished by overexpressing a negative feedback deficient heat-shock response transcription factor before and during overexpression of the protein-of-interest. The advantage of transcriptional reprogramming versus simply overexpressing select proteostasis network components (e.g., chaperones and co-chaperones, which has been explored previously) is that a large number of proteostasis network components are upregulated at their evolved stoichiometry, thus maintaining the system capabilities of the proteostasis network that are currently incompletely understood. Transcriptional proteostasis network reprogramming mediated by stress-responsive signaling in the absence of stress should also be useful for protein production in other cells.	0
Abstract2class: General and Robust Chemoenzymatic Method for Glycan-Mediated Site-Specific Labeling and Conjugation of Antibodies: Facile Synthesis of Homogeneous Antibody-Drug Conjugates Abstract: Site-specific labeling and conjugation of antibodies are highly desirable for fundamental research and for developing more efficient diagnostic and therapeutic methods. We report here a general and robust chemoenzymatic method that permits a one-pot site-specific functionalization of antibodies. A series of selectively modified disaccharide oxazoline derivatives were designed, synthesized, and evaluated as donor substrates of different endoglycosidases for antibody Fc glycan remodeling. We found that among several endoglycosidases tested, wild-type endoglycosidase from Streptococcus pyogenes of serotype M49 (Endo-S2) exhibited remarkable activity in transferring the functionalized disaccharides carrying site-selectively modified azide, biotin, or fluorescent tags to antibodies without hydrolyzing the resulting transglycosylation products. This discovery, together with the excellent Fc deglycosylation activity of Endo-S2 on recombinant antibodies, allowed direct labeling and functionalization of antibodies in a one-pot manner without the need of intermediate and enzyme separation. The site-specific introduction of varied numbers of azide groups enabled a highly efficient synthesis of homogeneous antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) with a precise control of the drug-to-antibody ratio (DAR) ranging from 2 to 12 via a copper-free strain-promoted click reaction. Cell viability assays showed that ADCs with higher DARs were more potent in killing antigen-overexpressed cells than the ADCs with lower DARs. This new method is expected to find applications not only for antibody-drug conjugation but also for cell labeling, imaging, and diagnosis.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorinated N,N-dialkylaminostilbenes repress colon cancer by targeting methionine S-adenosyltransferase 2A Abstract: Methionine S-adenosyltransferase 2A (MAT2A) is the catalytic subunit for synthesis of S-adenosylmethionine (SAM), the principal methyl donor in many biological processes. MAT2A is up-regulated in many cancers, including liver cancer and colorectal cancer (CRC) and is a potentially important drug target. We developed a family of fluorinated N,N-dialkylaminostilbene agents, called FIDAS agents, that inhibit the proliferation of CRC cells in vitro and in vivo. Using a biotinylated FIDAS analogue, we identified the catalytic subunit of MAT2A as the direct and exclusive binding target of these FIDAS agents. MAT2B, an associated regulatory subunit of MAT2A, binds indirectly to FIDAS agents through its association with MAT2A. FIDAS agents inhibited MAT2A activity in SAM synthesis, and depletion of MAT2A by shRNAs inhibited CRC cell growth. A novel FIDAS agent delivered orally repressed CRC xenografts in athymic nude mice. These findings suggest that FIDAS analogues targeting MAT2A represent a family of novel and potentially useful agents for cancer treatment.	0
Abstract2class: A Meier-Gorlin syndrome mutation impairs the ORC1-nucleosome association Abstract: Recent studies have identified several genetic mutations within the BAH domain of human Origin Recognition Complex subunit 1 (hORC1BAH), including the R105Q mutation, implicated in Meier-Gorlin Syndrome (MGS). However, the pathological role of the hORC1 R105Q mutation remains unclear. In this study, we have investigated the interactions of the hORC1BAH domain with histone H4K20me2, DNA, and the nucleosome core particle labeled with H4Kc20me2, a chemical analog of H4K20me2. Our study revealed a nucleosomal DNA binding site for hORC1BAH. The R105Q mutation reduces the hORC1BAH-DNA binding affinity, leading to impaired hORC1BAH-nucleosome interaction, which likely influences DNA replication initiation and MGS pathogenesis. This study provides an etiologic link between the hORC1 R105Q mutation and MGS.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic insight with HBCH2CoA as a probe to polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB) synthases Abstract: Polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB) synthases catalyze the polymerization of 3-(R)-hydroxybutyrate coenzyme A (HBCoA) to produce polyoxoesters of 1-2 MDa. A substrate analogue HBCH2CoA, in which the S in HBCoA is replaced with a CH2 group, was synthesized in 13 steps using a chemoenzymatic approach in a 7.5% overall yield. Kinetic studies reveal it is a competitive inhibitor of a class I and a class III PHB synthases, with Kis of 40 and 14 μM, respectively. To probe the elongation steps of the polymerization, HBCH2CoA was incubated with a synthase acylated with a [(3)H]-saturated trimer-CoA ([(3)H]-sTCoA). The products of the reaction were shown to be the methylene analogue of [(3)H]-sTCoA ([(3)H]-sT-CH2-CoA), saturated dimer-([(3)H]-sD-CO2H), and trimer-acid ([(3)H]-sT-CO2H), distinct from the expected methylene analogue of [(3)H]-saturated tetramer-CoA ([(3)H]-sTet-CH2-CoA). Detection of [(3)H]-sT-CH2-CoA and its slow rate of formation suggest that HBCH2CoA may be reporting on the termination and repriming process of the synthases, rather than elongation.	0
Abstract2class: A nonapoptotic role for BAX and BAK in eicosanoid metabolism Abstract: BCL-2 proteins are key regulators of programmed cell death. The interplay between pro and antiapoptotic BCL-2 members has important roles in many cancers. In addition to their apoptotic function, recent evidence supports key nonapoptotic roles for several BCL-2 proteins. We used an unbiased lipidomics strategy to reveal that the proapoptotic proteins BAX, and to a lesser extent BAK, regulate the cellular inflammatory response by mediating COX-2 expression and prostaglandin biosynthesis. COX-2 upregulation in response to the bacterial endotoxin lipopolysaccharide is blunted in the absence of BAX, and Bax(-/-) mouse embryonic fibroblasts display altered kinetics of NFκB and MAPK signaling following endotoxin treatment. Our approach uncovers a novel, nonapoptotic function for BAX in regulation of the cellular inflammatory response and suggests that inflammation and apoptosis are more tightly connected than previously anticipated.	0
Abstract2class: High divergence of the precursor peptides in combinatorial lanthipeptide biosynthesis Abstract: Lanthionine-containing peptides (lanthipeptides) are a rapidly growing family of polycyclic peptide natural products belonging to the large class of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). These compounds are widely distributed in taxonomically distant species, and their biosynthetic systems and biological activities are diverse. A unique example of lanthipeptide biosynthesis is the prochlorosin synthetase ProcM from the marine cyanobacterium Prochlorococcus MIT9313, which transforms up to 29 different precursor peptides (ProcAs) into a library of lanthipeptides called prochlorosins (Pcns) with highly diverse sequences and ring topologies. Here, we show that many ProcM-like enzymes from a variety of bacteria have the capacity to carry out post-translational modifications on highly diverse precursor peptides, providing new examples of natural combinatorial biosynthesis. We also demonstrate that the leader peptides come from different evolutionary origins, suggesting that the combinatorial biosynthesis is tied to the enzyme and not a specific type of leader peptide. For some precursor peptides encoded in the genomes, the leader peptides apparently have been truncated at the N-termini, and we show that these N-terminally truncated peptides are still substrates of the enzymes. Consistent with this hypothesis, we demonstrate that about two-thirds of the ProcA N-terminal sequence is not essential for ProcM activity. Our results also highlight the potential of exploring this class of natural products by genome mining and bioengineering.	0
Abstract2class: Cyanobacterial Dihydroxyacid Dehydratases Are a Promising Growth Inhibition Target Abstract: Microbes are essential to the global ecosystem, but undesirable microbial growth causes issues ranging from food spoilage and infectious diseases to harmful cyanobacterial blooms. The use of chemicals to control microbial growth has achieved significant success, while specific roles for a majority of essential genes in growth control remain unexplored. Here, we show the growth inhibition of cyanobacterial species by targeting an essential enzyme for the biosynthesis of branched-chain amino acids. Specifically, we report the biochemical, genetic, and structural characterization of dihydroxyacid dehydratase from the model cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 (SnDHAD). Our studies suggest that SnDHAD is an oxygen-stable enzyme containing a [2Fe-2S] cluster. Furthermore, we demonstrate that SnDHAD is selectively inhibited in vitro and in vivo by the natural product aspterric acid, which also inhibits the growth of representative bloom-forming Microcystis and Anabaena strains but has minimal effects on microbial pathogens with [4Fe-4S] containing DHADs. This study suggests DHADs as a promising target for the precise growth control of microbes and highlights the exploration of other untargeted essential genes for microbial management.	0
Abstract2class: Direct Sequencing of tRNA by 2D-HELS-AA MS Seq Reveals Its Different Isoforms and Dynamic Base Modifications Abstract: Post-transcriptional modifications are intrinsic to RNA structure and function. However, methods to sequence RNA typically require a cDNA intermediate and are either not able to sequence these modifications or are tailored to sequence one specific nucleotide modification only. Interestingly, some of these modifications occur with <100% frequency at their particular sites, and site-specific quantification of their stoichiometries is another challenge. Here, we report a direct method for sequencing tRNAPhe without cDNA by integrating a two-dimensional hydrophobic RNA end-labeling strategy with an anchor-based algorithm in mass spectrometry-based sequencing (2D-HELS-AA MS Seq). The entire tRNAPhe was sequenced and the identity, location, and stoichiometry of all eleven different RNA modifications was determined, five of which were not 100% modified, including a 2'-O-methylated G (Gm) in the wobble anticodon position as well as an N2, N2-dimethylguanosine (m22G), a 7-methylguanosine (m7G), a 1-methyladenosine (m1A), and a wybutosine (Y), suggesting numerous post-transcriptional regulations in tRNA. Two truncated isoforms at the 3'-CCA tail of the tRNAPhe (75 nt with a 3'-CC tail (80% abundance) and 74 nt with a 3'-C tail (3% abundance)) were identified in addition to the full-length 3'-CCA-tailed tRNAPhe (76 nt, 17% abundance). We discovered a new isoform with A-G transitions/editing at the 44 and 45 positions in the tRNAPhe variable loop, and discuss possible mechanisms related to the emergence and functions of the isoforms with these base transitions or editing. Our method revealed new isoforms, base modifications, and RNA editing as well as their stoichiometries in the tRNA that cannot be determined by current cDNA-based methods, opening new opportunities in the field of epitranscriptomics.	0
Abstract2class: Structural and kinetic analysis of prolyl-isomerization/phosphorylation cross-talk in the CTD code Abstract: The C-terminal domain (CTD) of eukaryotic RNA polymerase II is an essential regulator for RNA polymerase II-mediated transcription. It is composed of multiple repeats of a consensus sequence Tyr(1)Ser(2)Pro(3)Thr(4)Ser(5)Pro(6)Ser(7). CTD regulation of transcription is mediated by both phosphorylation of the serines and prolyl isomerization of the two prolines. Interestingly, the phosphorylation sites are typically close to prolines, and thus the conformation of the adjacent proline could impact the specificity of the corresponding kinases and phosphatases. Experimental evidence of cross-talk between these two regulatory mechanisms has been elusive. Pin1 is a highly conserved phosphorylation-specific peptidyl-prolyl isomerase (PPIase) that recognizes the phospho-Ser/Thr (pSer/Thr)-Pro motif with CTD as one of its primary substrates in vivo. In the present study, we provide structural snapshots and kinetic evidence that support the concept of cross-talk between prolyl isomerization and phosphorylation. We determined the structures of Pin1 bound with two substrate isosteres that mimic peptides containing pSer/Thr-Pro motifs in cis or trans conformations. The results unequivocally demonstrate the utility of both cis- and trans-locked alkene isosteres as close geometric mimics of peptides bound to a protein target. Building on this result, we identified a specific case in which Pin1 differentially affects the rate of dephosphorylation catalyzed by two phosphatases (Scp1 and Ssu72) that target the same serine residue in the CTD heptad repeat but have different preferences for the isomerization state of the adjacent proline residue. These data exemplify for the first time how modulation of proline isomerization can kinetically impact signal transduction in transcription regulation.	0
Abstract2class: Selective inactivation of a human neuronal silencing phosphatase by a small molecule inhibitor Abstract: The unstructured C-terminal domain (CTD) of eukaryotic RNA polymerase II dynamically regulates the process of transcription by recruiting different factors to nascent mRNA through its multiple phosphorylation patterns. A newly discovered class of phosphatases, the human small C-terminal domain phosphatases (Scp's), specifically dephosphorylates phosphorylated Ser(5) (phospho.Ser5) of the tandem heptad repeats of the CTD of RNA polymerase II. Scp's also function as transcription regulators that epigenetically silence the expression of specific neuronal genes, whose inactivation leads to neuronal stem cell differentiation. Small molecule inhibitors of Scp's will be valuable for elucidating their mechanism in nervous system development and can possibly offer new strategies to treat diseases related to neurodegeneration. Despite the difficulty in developing selective inhibitors of protein phosphatases, we have recognized a characteristic hydrophobic binding pocket adjacent to the active site in Scp's that may facilitate selective inhibition. In the present study, we successfully identified the first selective lead compound, rabeprazole, for the Scp/TFIIF-interacting CTD phosphatase (Fcp) family. The high-resolution crystal structure of rabeprazole-bound Scp1 showed that the compound indeed binds to the hydrophobic binding pocket. We further confirmed that rabeprazole only targets Scp's but not its close family members Fcp1 and Dullard or bacteriophage λ Ser/Thr phosphatase. Such specificity may prove important for In Vivo studies since accidental inhibition of Fcp1 or Dullard would result in cell malfunctions and even cell death.	0
Abstract2class: Development of Autologous C5 Vaccine Nanoparticles to Reduce Intravascular Hemolysis in Vivo Abstract: The complement system is emerging as a new target for treating many diseases. For example, Eculizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody against complement component 5 (C5), has been approved for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) in which patient erythrocytes are lysed by complement. In this study, we developed vaccines to elicit autologous anti-C5 antibody production in mice for complement inhibition. Immunization of mice with a conservative C5 xenoprotein raised high titers of IgG's against the xenogenous C5, but these antibodies did not reduce C5 activity in the blood. In contrast, an autologous mouse C5 vaccine containing multiple predicted epitopes together with a tolerance-breaking peptide was found to induce anti-C5 autoantibody production in vivo, resulting in decreased hemolytic activity in the blood. We further validated a peptide epitope within this C5 vaccine and created recombinant virus-like particles (VLPs) displaying this epitope fused with the tolerance breaking peptide. Immunizing mice with these novel nanoparticles elicited strong humoral responses against recombinant mouse C5, reduced hemolytic activity, and protected the mice from complement-mediated intravascular hemolysis in a model of PNH. This proof-of-concept study demonstrated that autologous C5-based vaccines could be an effective alternative or supplement for treating complement-mediated diseases such as PNH.	0
Abstract2class: Photoredox-Catalyzed Decarboxylative C-Terminal Differentiation for Bulk- and Single-Molecule Proteomics Abstract: Methods for the selective labeling of biogenic functional groups on peptides are being developed and used in the workflow of both current and emerging proteomics technologies, such as single-molecule fluorosequencing. To achieve successful labeling with any one method requires that the peptide fragments contain the functional group for which labeling chemistry is designed. In practice, only two functional groups are present in every peptide fragment regardless of the protein cleavage site, namely, an N-terminal amine and a C-terminal carboxylic acid. Developing a global-labeling technology, therefore, requires one to specifically target the N- and/or C-terminus of peptides. In this work, we showcase the first successful application of photocatalyzed C-terminal decarboxylative alkylation for peptide mass spectrometry and single-molecule protein sequencing that can be broadly applied to any proteome. We demonstrate that peptides in complex mixtures generated from enzymatic digests from bovine serum albumin, as well as protein mixtures from yeast and human cell extracts, can be site-specifically labeled at their C-terminal residue with a Michael acceptor. Using two distinct analytical approaches, we characterize C-terminal labeling efficiencies of greater than 50% across complete proteomes and document the proclivity of various C-terminal amino-acid residues for decarboxylative labeling, showing histidine and tryptophan to be the most disfavored. Finally, we combine C-terminal decarboxylative labeling with an orthogonal carboxylic acid-labeling technology in tandem to establish a new platform for fluorosequencing.	0
Abstract2class: SAM/SAH Analogs as Versatile Tools for SAM-Dependent Methyltransferases Abstract: S-Adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) is a sulfonium molecule with a structural hybrid of methionine and adenosine. As the second largest cofactor in the human body, its major function is to serve as methyl donor for SAM-dependent methyltransferases (MTases). The resultant transmethylation of biomolecules constitutes a significant biochemical mechanism in epigenetic regulation, cellular signaling, and metabolite degradation. Recently, numerous SAM analogs have been developed as synthetic cofactors to transfer the activated groups on MTase substrates for downstream ligation and identification. Meanwhile, new compounds built upon or derived from the SAM scaffold have been designed and tested as selective inhibitors for important MTase targets. Here, we summarized the recent development and application of SAM analogs as chemical biology tools for MTases.	0
Abstract2class: Reconstitution of functional mycobacterial arabinosyltransferase AftC proteoliposome and assessment of decaprenylphosphorylarabinose analogues as arabinofuranosyl donors Abstract: Arabinosyltransferases are a family of membrane-bound glycosyltransferases involved in the biosynthesis of the arabinan segment of two key glycoconjugates, arabinogalactan and lipoarabinomannan, in the mycobacterial cell wall. All arabinosyltransferases identified have been found to be essential for the growth of Mycobcterium tuberculosis and are potential targets for developing new antituberculosis drugs. Technical bottlenecks in designing enzyme assays for screening for inhibitors of these enzymes are (1) the enzymes are membrane proteins and refractory to isolation; and (2) the sole arabinose donor, decaprenylphosphoryl-d-arabinofuranose is sparingly produced and difficult to isolate, and commercial substrates are not available. In this study, we have synthesized several analogues of decaprenylphosphoryl-d-arabinofuranose by varying the chain length and investigated their arabinofuranose (Araf) donating capacity. In parallel, an essential arabinosyltransferase (AftC), an enzyme that introduces α-(1→3) branch points in the internal arabinan domain in both arabinogalactan and lipoarabinomannan synthesis, has been expressed, solubilized, and purified for the first time. More importantly, it has been shown that the AftC is active only when reconstituted in a proteoliposome using mycobacterial phospholipids and has a preference for diacylated phosphatidylinositoldimannoside (Ac(2)PIM(2)), a major cell wall associated glycolipid. α-(1→3) branched arabinans were generated when AftC-liposome complex was used in assays with the (Z,Z)-farnesylphosphoryl d-arabinose and linear α-d-Araf-(1→5)(3-5) oligosaccharide acceptors and not with the acceptor that had a α-(1→3) branch point preintroduced.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of Influenza Polymerase PA-PB1 Interaction Inhibitors Using an In Vitro Split-Luciferase Complementation-Based Assay Abstract: The limited therapeutic options and increasing drug-resistance call for next-generation influenza antivirals. Due to the essential function in viral replication and high sequence conservation among influenza viruses, influenza polymerase PA-PB1 protein-protein interaction becomes an attractive drug target. Here, we developed an in vitro split luciferase complementation-based assay to speed up screening of PA-PB1 interaction inhibitors. By screening 10,000 compounds, we identified two PA-PB1 interaction inhibitors, R160792 and R151785, with potent and broad-spectrum antiviral activity against a panel of influenza A and B viruses, including amantadine-, oseltamivir-, or dual resistant strains. Further mechanistic study reveals that R151785 inhibits PA nuclear localization, reduces the levels of viral RNAs and proteins, and inhibits viral replication at the intermediate stage, all of which are in line with its antiviral mechanism of action. Overall, we developed a robust high throughput-screening assay for screening broad-spectrum influenza antivirals targeting PA-PB1 interaction and identified R151785 as a promising antiviral drug candidate.	0
Abstract2class: Thiostrepton Variants Containing a Contracted Quinaldic Acid Macrocycle Result from Mutagenesis of the Second Residue Abstract: The thiopeptides are a family of ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptide metabolites, and the vast majority of thiopeptides characterized to date possess one highly modified macrocycle. A few members, including thiostrepton A, harbor a second macrocycle that incorporates a quinaldic acid moiety and the four N-terminal residues of the peptide. The antibacterial properties of thiostrepton A are well established, and its recently discovered ability to inhibit the proteasome has additional implications for the development of antimalarial and anticancer therapeutics. We have conducted the saturation mutagenesis of Ala2 in the precursor peptide, TsrA, to examine which variants can be transformed into a mature thiostrepton analogue. Although the thiostrepton biosynthetic system is somewhat restrictive toward substitutions at the second residue, eight thiostrepton Ala2 analogues were isolated. The TsrA Ala2Ile and Ala2Val variants were largely channeled through an alternate processing pathway wherein the first residue of the core peptide, Ile1, is removed, and the resulting thiostrepton analogues bear quinaldic acid macrocycles abridged by one residue. This is the first report revealing that quinaldic acid loop size is amenable to alteration during the course of thiostrepton biosynthesis. Both the antibacterial and proteasome inhibitory properties of the thiostrepton Ala2 analogues were examined. While the identity of the residue at the second position of the core peptide influences thiostrepton biosynthesis, our report suggests it may not be crucial for antibacterial and proteasome inhibitory properties of the full-length variants. In contrast, the contracted quinaldic acid loop can, to differing degrees, affect both types of biological activity.	0
Abstract2class: Saturation mutagenesis of TsrA Ala4 unveils a highly mutable residue of thiostrepton A Abstract: Thiopeptides are post-translationally processed macrocyclic peptide metabolites, characterized by extensive backbone and side chain modifications that include a six-membered nitrogeneous ring, thiazol(in)e/oxazol(in)e rings, and dehydrated amino acid residues. Thiostrepton A, one of the more structurally complex and well-studied thiopeptides, contains a second macrocycle bearing a quinaldic acid moiety. Antibacterial, antimalarial, and anticancer properties have been described for thiostrepton A and other thiopeptides, although the molecular details for binding the cellular target in each case are not fully elaborated. We previously demonstrated that a mutation of the TsrA core peptide, Ala4Gly, supported the successful production of the corresponding thiostrepton variant. To more thoroughly probe the thiostrepton biosynthetic machinery's tolerance toward structural variation at the fourth position of the TsrA core peptide, we report here the saturation mutagenesis of this residue using a fosmid-dependent biosynthetic engineering method and the isolation of 16 thiostrepton analogues. Several types of side chain substitutions at the fourth position of TsrA, including those that introduce polar or branched hydrophobic residues are accepted, albeit with varied preferences. In contrast, proline and amino acid residues inherently charged at physiological pH are not well-tolerated at the queried site by the thiostrepton biosynthetic system. These newly generated thiostrepton analogues were assessed for their antibacterial activities and abilities to inhibit the proteolytic functions of the eukaryotic 20S proteasome. We demonstrate that the identity of the fourth amino acid residue in the thiostrepton scaffold is not critical for either ribosome or proteasome inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: Multiplexed Photoactivation of mRNA with Single-Cell Resolution Abstract: We demonstrate sequential optical activation of two types of mRNAs in the same mammalian cell through the sequential photocleavage of small molecule caging groups ("photocages") tethered to the 5'-untranslated region (5'-UTR) of mRNAs. Synthetic photocages were conjugated onto target mRNA using RNA-TAG, an enzymatic site-specific RNA modification technique. Translation of mRNA was severely reduced upon conjugation of the photocages onto the 5'-UTR. However, subsequent photorelease of the cages from the mRNA transcript triggered activation of translation with single-cell spatiotemporal resolution. To achieve sequential photoactivation of two mRNAs in the same cell, we synthesized a pair of photocages that can be selectively cleaved from mRNA upon photoirradiation with different wavelengths of light. Sequential photoactivation of two mRNAs enabled precise optical control of translation of two unique transcripts. We believe that this modular approach to precisely and rapidly control gene expression will serve as a powerful tool in future biological studies that require controlling translation of multiple transcripts with high spatiotemporal resolution.	0
Abstract2class: Peptide-based, two-fluorophore, ratiometric probe for quantifying mobile zinc in biological solutions Abstract: Small-molecule fluorescent sensors are versatile agents for detecting mobile zinc in biology. Capitalizing on the abundance of validated mobile zinc probes, we devised a strategy for repurposing existing intensity-based sensors for quantitative applications. Using solid-phase peptide synthesis, we conjugated a zinc-sensitive Zinpyr-1 derivative and a zinc-insensitive 7-hydroxycoumarin derivative onto opposite ends of a rigid P9K peptide scaffold to create HcZ9, a ratiometric fluorescent probe for mobile zinc. A plate reader-based assay using HcZ9 was developed, the accuracy of which is comparable to that of atomic absorption spectroscopy. We investigated zinc accumulation in prostatic cells and zinc levels in human seminal fluid. When normal and tumorigenic cells are bathed in zinc-enriched media, cellular mobile zinc is buffered and changes slightly, but total zinc levels increase significantly. Quantification of mobile and total zinc levels in human seminal plasma revealed that the two are positively correlated with a Pearson's coefficient of 0.73.	0
Abstract2class: Structure-guided inhibitor design expands the scope of analog-sensitive kinase technology Abstract: Engineered analog-sensitive (AS) protein kinases have emerged as powerful tools for dissecting phospho-signaling pathways, for elucidating the cellular function of individual kinases, and for deciphering unanticipated effects of clinical therapeutics. A crucial and necessary feature of this technology is a bioorthogonal small molecule that is innocuous toward native cellular systems but potently inhibits the engineered kinase. In order to generalize this method, we sought a molecule capable of targeting divergent AS-kinases. Here we employ X-ray crystallography and medicinal chemistry to unravel the mechanism of current inhibitors and use these insights to design the most potent, selective, and general AS-kinase inhibitors reported to date. We use large-scale kinase inhibitor profiling to characterize the selectivity of these molecules as well as examine the consequences of potential off-target effects in chemical genetic experiments. The molecules reported here will serve as powerful tools in efforts to extend AS-kinase technology to the entire kinome and the principles discovered may help in the design of other engineered enzyme/ligand pairs.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorescent Probes with Unnatural Amino Acids to Monitor Proteasome Activity in Real-Time Abstract: The proteasome is an essential protein complex that, when dysregulated, can result in various diseases in eukaryotic cells. As such, understanding the enzymatic activity of the proteasome and what can alter it is crucial to elucidating its roles in these diseases. This can be done effectively by using activity-based fluorescent substrate probes, of which there are many commercially available that target the individual protease-like subunits in the 20S CP of the proteasome. Unfortunately, these probes have not displayed appropriate characteristics for their use in live cell-based assays. In the work presented here, we have developed a set of probes which have shown improved fluorescence properties and selectivity toward the proteasome compared to other cellular proteases. By including unnatural amino acids, we have found probes which can be utilized in various applications, including monitoring the effects of small molecule stimulators of the proteasome in live cells and comparing the relative proteasome activity across different cancer cell types. In future studies, we expect the fluorescent probes presented here will serve as tools to support the discovery and characterization of small molecule modulators of proteasome activity.	0
Abstract2class: Portability and Structure of the Four-Helix Bundle Docking Domains of trans-Acyltransferase Modular Polyketide Synthases Abstract: The polypeptides of multimodular polyketide synthases self-assemble into biosynthetic factories. While the docking domains that mediate the assembly of cis-acyltransferase polyketide synthase polypeptides are well-studied, those of the more recently discovered trans-acyltransferase polyketide synthases have just started to be described. Located at the C- and N-termini of many polypeptides, these 25-residue, two-helix, pseudosymmetric motifs noncovalently connect domains both between and within modules. Domains expressed with their natural, cognate docking motifs formed complexes stable to size-exclusion chromatography with 1-10 μM dissociation constants as measured by isothermal titration calorimetry. Deletion and swapping experiments demonstrate portability of the docking motifs. A 1.72 Å-resolution structure of the N-terminal portion of the macrolactin synthase polypeptide MlnE shows an uncomplexed N-terminal docking motif to be preorganized in the conformation it assumes within the docking domain complex.	0
Abstract2class: Constructing de novo H2O2 signaling via induced protein proximity Abstract: A new chemical strategy has been developed to generate de novo signaling pathways that link a signaling molecule, H2O2, to different downstream cellular events in mammalian cells. This approach combines the reactivity-based H2O2 sensing with the chemically induced protein proximity technology. By chemically modifying abscisic acid with an H2O2-sensitive boronate ester probe, novel H2O2 signaling pathways can be engineered to induce transcription, protein translocation and membrane ruffle formation upon exogenous or endogenous H2O2 stimulation. This strategy has also been successfully applied to gibberellic acid, which provides the potential to build signaling networks based on orthogonal cell stimuli.	0
Abstract2class: Selective Small Molecule Induced Degradation of the BET Bromodomain Protein BRD4 Abstract: The Bromo- and Extra-Terminal (BET) proteins BRD2, BRD3, and BRD4 play important roles in transcriptional regulation, epigenetics, and cancer and are the targets of pan-BET selective bromodomain inhibitor JQ1. However, the lack of intra-BET selectivity limits the scope of current inhibitors as probes for target validation and could lead to unwanted side effects or toxicity in a therapeutic setting. We designed Proteolysis Targeted Chimeras (PROTACs) that tether JQ1 to a ligand for the E3 ubiquitin ligase VHL, aimed at triggering the intracellular destruction of BET proteins. Compound MZ1 potently and rapidly induces reversible, long-lasting, and unexpectedly selective removal of BRD4 over BRD2 and BRD3. The activity of MZ1 is dependent on binding to VHL but is achieved at a sufficiently low concentration not to induce stabilization of HIF-1α. Gene expression profiles of selected cancer-related genes responsive to JQ1 reveal distinct and more limited transcriptional responses induced by MZ1, consistent with selective suppression of BRD4. Our discovery opens up new opportunities to elucidate the cellular phenotypes and therapeutic implications associated with selective targeting of BRD4.	0
Abstract2class: The Small Molecule 2-Azido-2-deoxy-glucose Is a Metabolic Chemical Reporter of O-GlcNAc Modifications in Mammalian Cells, Revealing an Unexpected Promiscuity of O-GlcNAc Transferase Abstract: Glycans can be directly labeled using unnatural monosaccharide analogs, termed metabolic chemical reporters (MCRs). These compounds enable the secondary visualization and identification of glycoproteins by taking advantage of bioorthogonal reactions. Most widely used MCRs have azides or alkynes at the 2-N-acetyl position but are not selective for one class of glycoprotein over others. To address this limitation, we are exploring additional MCRs that have bioorthogonal functionality at other positions. Here, we report the characterization of 2-azido-2-deoxy-glucose (2AzGlc). We find that 2AzGlc selectively labels intracellular O-GlcNAc modifications, which further supports a somewhat unexpected, structural flexibility in this pathway. In contrast to the endogenous modification N-acetyl-glucosamine (GlcNAc), we find that 2AzGlc is not dynamically removed from protein substrates and that treatment with higher concentrations of per-acetylated 2AzGlc is toxic to cells. Finally, we demonstrate that this toxicity is an inherent property of the small-molecule, as removal of the 6-acetyl-group renders the corresponding reporter nontoxic but still results in protein labeling.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical reporter for visualizing metabolic cross-talk between carbohydrate metabolism and protein modification Abstract: Metabolic chemical reporters have been largely used to study posttranslational modifications. Generally, it was assumed that these reporters entered one biosynthetic pathway, resulting in labeling of one type of modification. However, because they are metabolized by cells before their addition onto proteins, metabolic chemical reporters potentially provide a unique opportunity to read-out on both modifications of interest and cellular metabolism. We report here the development of a metabolic chemical reporter 1-deoxy-N-pentynyl glucosamine (1-deoxy-GlcNAlk). This small-molecule cannot be incorporated into glycans; however, treatment of mammalian cells results in labeling of a variety proteins and enables their visualization and identification. Competition of this labeling with sodium acetate and an acetyltransferase inhibitor suggests that 1-deoxy-GlcNAlk can enter the protein acetylation pathway. These results demonstrate that metabolic chemical reporters have the potential to isolate and potentially discover cross-talk between metabolic pathways in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: Quantification of ERK Kinase Activity in Biological Samples Using Differential Sensing Abstract: The understanding of complex biological systems requires an ability to evaluate interacting networks of genes, proteins, and cellular reactions. Enabling technologies that support the rapid quantification of these networks will facilitate the development of biological models and help to identify treatment targets and to assess treatment plans. The biochemical process of protein phosphorylation, which underlies almost all aspects of cell signaling, is typically evaluated by immunoblotting procedures (Western blot) or more recently proteomics procedures, which provide qualitative estimates of the concentration of proteins and their modifications in cells. However, protein modifications are difficult to correlate with activity, and while immunoblotting and proteomics approaches have the potential to be quantitative, they require a complex series of steps that diminish reproducibility. Here, a complementary approach is presented that allows for the rapid quantification of a protein kinase activity in cell lysates and tumor samples. Using the activity of cellular ERK (extracellular signal-regulated kinase) as a test case, an array sensing approach that utilizes a library of differential peptide-based biosensors and chemometric tools was used to rapidly quantify nanograms of active ERK in micrograms of unfractionated cell lysates and tumor extracts. This approach has the potential both for high-throughput and for quantifying the activities of multiple protein kinases in a single biological sample. The critical advantages of this differential sensing approach over others are that it removes the need for the addition of exogenous inhibitors to suppress the activities of major off-target kinases and allows us to quantitate the amount of active kinase in tested samples rather than measuring the changes in its activity upon induction or inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a Novel Epoxyqueuosine Reductase Family by Comparative Genomics Abstract: The reduction of epoxyqueuosine (oQ) is the last step in the synthesis of the tRNA modification queuosine (Q). While the epoxyqueuosine reductase (EC 1.17.99.6) enzymatic activity was first described 30 years ago, the encoding gene queG was only identified in Escherichia coli in 2011. Interestingly, queG is absent from a large number of sequenced genomes that harbor Q synthesis or salvage genes, suggesting the existence of an alternative epoxyqueuosine reductase in these organisms. By analyzing phylogenetic distributions, physical gene clustering, and fusions, members of the Domain of Unknown Function 208 (DUF208) family were predicted to encode for an alternative epoxyqueuosine reductase. This prediction was validated with genetic methods. The Q modification is present in Lactobacillus salivarius, an organism missing queG but harboring the duf208 gene. Acinetobacter baylyi ADP1 is one of the few organisms that harbor both QueG and DUF208, and deletion of both corresponding genes was required to observe the absence of Q and the accumulation of oQ in tRNA. Finally, the conversion oQ to Q was restored in an E. coli queG mutant by complementation with plasmids harboring duf208 genes from different bacteria. Members of the DUF208 family are not homologous to QueG enzymes, and thus, duf208 is a non-orthologous replacement of queG. We propose to name DUF208 encoding genes as queH. While QueH contains conserved cysteines that could be involved in the coordination of a Fe/S center in a similar fashion to what has been identified in QueG, no cobalamin was identified associated with recombinant QueH protein.	0
Abstract2class: Plant, animal, and fungal micronutrient queuosine is salvaged by members of the DUF2419 protein family Abstract: Queuosine (Q) is a modification found at the wobble position of tRNAs with GUN anticodons. Although Q is present in most eukaryotes and bacteria, only bacteria can synthesize Q de novo. Eukaryotes acquire queuine (q), the free base of Q, from diet and/or microflora, making q an important but under-recognized micronutrient for plants, animals, and fungi. Eukaryotic type tRNA-guanine transglycosylases (eTGTs) are composed of a catalytic subunit (QTRT1) and a homologous accessory subunit (QTRTD1) forming a complex that catalyzes q insertion into target tRNAs. Phylogenetic analysis of eTGT subunits revealed a patchy distribution pattern in which gene losses occurred independently in different clades. Searches for genes co-distributing with eTGT family members identified DUF2419 as a potential Q salvage protein family. This prediction was experimentally validated in Schizosaccharomyces pombe by confirming that Q was present by analyzing tRNA(Asp) with anticodon GUC purified from wild-type cells and by showing that Q was absent from strains carrying deletions in the QTRT1 or DUF2419 encoding genes. DUF2419 proteins occur in most Eukarya with a few possible cases of horizontal gene transfer to bacteria. The universality of the DUF2419 function was confirmed by complementing the S. pombe mutant with the Zea mays (maize), human, and Sphaerobacter thermophilus homologues. The enzymatic function of this family is yet to be determined, but structural similarity with DNA glycosidases suggests a ribonucleoside hydrolase activity.	0
Abstract2class: PDZ-Reactive Peptide Activates Ephrin-B Reverse Signaling and Inhibits Neuronal Chemotaxis Abstract: Intracellular reactions on nonenzymatic proteins that activate cellular signals are rarely found. We report one example here that a designed peptide derivative undergoes a nucleophilic reaction specifically with a cytosolic PDZ protein inside cells. This reaction led to the activation of ephrin-B reverse signaling, which subsequently inhibited SDF-1 induced neuronal chemotaxis of human neuroblastoma cells and mouse cerebellar granule neurons. Our work provides direct evidence that PDZ-RGS3 bridges ephrin-B reverse signaling and SDF-1 induced G protein signaling for the first time.	0
Abstract2class: Nematode Signaling Molecules Are Extensively Metabolized by Animals, Plants, and Microorganisms Abstract: Many bacterivorous and parasitic nematodes secrete signaling molecules called ascarosides that play a central role regulating their behavior and development. Combining stable-isotope labeling and mass spectrometry-based comparative metabolomics, here we show that ascarosides are taken up from the environment and metabolized by a wide range of phyla, including plants, fungi, bacteria, and mammals, as well as nematodes. In most tested eukaryotes and some bacteria, ascarosides are metabolized into derivatives with shortened fatty acid side chains, analogous to ascaroside biosynthesis in nematodes. In plants and C. elegans, labeled ascarosides were additionally integrated into larger, modular metabolites, and use of different ascaroside stereoisomers revealed the stereospecificity of their biosynthesis. The finding that nematodes extensively metabolize ascarosides taken up from the environment suggests that pheromone editing may play a role in conspecific and interspecific interactions. Moreover, our results indicate that plants, animals, and microorganisms may interact with associated nematodes via manipulation of ascaroside signaling.	0
Abstract2class: An Untargeted Approach for Revealing Electrophilic Metabolites Abstract: Reactive electrophilic intermediates such as coenzyme A esters play central roles in metabolism but are difficult to detect with conventional strategies. Here, we introduce hydroxylamine-based stable isotope labeling to convert reactive electrophilic intermediates into stable derivatives that are easily detectable via LC-MS. In the model system Caenorhabditis elegans, parallel treatment with 14NH2OH and 15NH2OH revealed >1000 labeled metabolites, e.g., derived from peptide, fatty acid, and ascaroside pheromone biosyntheses. Results from NH2OH treatment of a pheromone biosynthesis mutant, acox-1.1, suggested upregulation of thioesterase activity, which was confirmed by gene expression analysis. The upregulated thioesterase contributes to the biosynthesis of a specific subset of ascarosides, determining the balance of dispersal and attractive signals. These results demonstrate the utility of NH2OH labeling for investigating complex biosynthetic networks. Initial results with Aspergillus and human cell lines indicate applicability toward uncovering reactive metabolomes in diverse living systems.	0
Abstract2class: Calcitroic Acid-A Review Abstract: Calcitroic acid was isolated and characterized almost four decades ago, but little is known about this important vitamin D metabolite. Four reported synthetic strategies to generate calcitroic acid are presented that highlight the scientific progress in the field of chemistry directed to vitamin D analog synthesis. The most recent synthesis described the generation of calcitroic acid with an overall yield of 12.8% in 13 steps. The endogenous formation of calcitroic acid has been demonstrated in perfused rat kidney using 24,25,26,27-tetranor-1,23(OH)2D3. Although, the majority of vitamin D metabolism is mediated by 24-hydoxylase (CYP24A1), it is not clear why the formation of calcitroic acid was not observed in the presence of recombinant CYP24A1 enzyme. Furthermore, it is not known if enzyme 1α-hydroxylase (CYP27B1) can convert calcioic acid into calcitroic acid. In addition to the lack of research investigating the endogenous formation of calcitroic acid, the physiological role of calcitroic acid remains unknown. Only a few reports mentioned the biological activity of calcitroic acid in connection with the vitamin D receptor (VDR). When administered subcutaneously, calcitroic acid has anthracitic properties and elevates calcium blood levels when administered intravenously. In vitro, calcitroic acid at higher concentrations has been shown to bind VDR and induce gene transcription. However, these studies were not carried out in cells derived from target organs of calcitroic acid such as kidney, liver, and intestine. We can conclude that our current knowledge of calcitroic acid is limited, and more studies are needed to identify its physiological role.	0
Abstract2class: Heterologous Gene Expression of N-Terminally Truncated Variants of LipPks1 Suggests a Functionally Critical Structural Motif in the N-terminus of Modular Polyketide Synthase Abstract: Streptomyces genomes have a high G + C content and typically use an ATG or GTG codon to initiate protein synthesis. Although gene-finding tools perform well in low GC genomes, it is known that the accuracy in predicting a translational start site (TSS) is much less for high GC genomes. LipPks1 is a Streptomyces-derived, well-characterized modular polyketide synthase (PKS). Using this enzyme as a model, we experimentally investigated the effects of alternative TSSs using a heterologous host, Streptomyces venezuelae. One of the TSSs employed boosted the protein level by 59-fold and the product yield by 23-fold compared to the originally annotated start codon. Interestingly, a structural model of the PKS indicated the presence of a structural motif in the N-terminus, which may explain the observed different protein levels together with a proline and arginine-rich sequence that may inhibit translational initiation. This structure was also found in six other modular PKSs that utilize noncarboxylated starter substrates, which may guide the selection of optimal TSSs in conjunction with start-codon prediction software.	0
Abstract2class: Suppression of DNA Polymerase β Activity Is Synthetically Lethal in BRCA1-Deficient Cells Abstract: People whose cells express mutated forms of the BRCA1 tumor suppressor are at a higher risk for developing cancer. BRCA1-deficient cells are defective in DNA double-strand break repair. The inhibition of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase 1 in such cells is a synthetically lethal, cytotoxic effect that has been exploited to produce anticancer drugs such as Olaparib. However, alternative synthetic lethal approaches are necessary. We report that DNA polymerase β (Pol β) forms a synthetically lethal interaction with BRCA1. The SiRNA knockdown of Pol β or the treatment with a Pol β pro-inhibitor (pro-1) is cytotoxic in BRCA1-deficient ovarian cancer cells. BRCA1-complemented cells are significantly less susceptible to either treatment. pro-1 is also toxic to BRCA1-deficient breast cancer cells, and its toxicity in BRCA1-deficient cells is comparable to that of Olaparib. These experiments establish Pol β as a synthetically lethal target within BRCA1-deficient cells and a potentially useful one for treating cancer.	0
Abstract2class: Outer Membrane Vesicle-Mediated Codelivery of the Antifungal HSAF Metabolites and Lytic Polysaccharide Monooxygenase in the Predatory Lysobacter enzymogenes Abstract: Lysobacter are new biocontrol agents known for their prolific production of lytic enzymes and bioactive metabolites. L. enzymogenes is a predator of fungi and produces several structurally distinct antimicrobial compounds, such as the antifungal HSAF (heat stable antifungal factor) and analogs. The mechanism by which L. enzymogenes interacts with fungal prey is not well understood. Here, we found that the production of HSAF and analogs in L. enzymogenes OH11 was significantly induced in media supplemented with ground fungal mycelia or chitin. In the OH11 genome, we identified a gene (LeLPMO10A) that was annotated to encode a chitin-binding protein. The stimulation of HSAF and analogs by chitin was diminished when LeLPMO10A was deleted. We expressed the gene in E. coli and demonstrated that purified LeLPMO10A oxidatively cleaved chitin into oligomeric products, including 1,5 δ-lactones and aldonic acids. The results revealed that LeLPMO10A encodes a lytic polysaccharide monooxygenase, which has not been reported in Lysobacter. The metabolite analysis, antifungal assay, and proteomic analysis showed that the antifungal compounds and the chitin-cleaving LeLPMO10A are colocalized in outer membrane vesicles. The enzymatic products that resulted from in vitro LeLPMO10A-cleaved chitin also significantly induced HSAF and analogs in OH11. Scanning electron microscopic analysis indicated that spherical vesicles were formed outside of OH11 cells, and fewer OH11 cells were observed to attach to fungal hyphae when LeLPMO10A was deleted. Together, the study revealed a previously uncharacterized synergistic strategy utilized by the predatory Lysobacter during interaction with fungal prey.	0
Abstract2class: Targeting Base Excision Repair Glycosylases with DNA Containing Transition State Mimics Prepared via Click Chemistry Abstract: DNA glycosylases of the base excision repair (BER) pathway are front-line defenders in removing compromising modifications of the DNA nucleobases. Aberrantly modified nucleobases mediate genomic mutations and inhibit DNA replication leading to adverse health consequences such as cancer, neurological diseases, and aging. In an effort to develop high-affinity transition state (TS) analogues as chemical biology probes for DNA glycosylases, oligonucleotides containing a propargyl-modified pyrrolidine TS mimic nucleotide were synthesized. A small library of TS mimic-containing oligonucleotides was generated using a structurally diverse set of five azides via copper(I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloaddition "click" chemistry. The relative affinity ( Kd) was evaluated for BER glycosylases Escherichia coli MutY, bacterial formamidopyrimidine glycosylase (Fpg), and human OG glycosylase 1 (hOGG1) with the library of TS mimic DNA duplexes. All of the BER glycosylases were found to exhibit extremely high affinities (approximately picomolar Kd values) for the TS mimics. However, binding preferences, distinct for each glycosylase, for the TS mimic library members were observed, suggesting different modes of binding and transition state stabilization among the three glycosylases. Fpg bound all of the TS mimics with exceptionally high affinities, while the MutY binding affinity correlated inversely with the size of the appended moiety. Of note, we identified one member of the small TS mimic library that exhibited a particularly high affinity for hOGG1. These results strongly support the use of the propargyl-TS mimic oligonucleotides and elaboration via click chemistry in screening and identification of high-affinity ligands for BER glycosylases of interest.	0
Abstract2class: Dark Hydrazone Fluorescence Labeling Agents Enable Imaging of Cellular Aldehydic Load Abstract: Aldehydes are key intermediates in many cellular processes, from endogenous metabolic pathways like glycolysis to undesired exogenously induced processes such as lipid peroxidation and DNA interstrand cross-linking. Alkyl aldehydes are well documented to be cytotoxic, affecting the functions of DNA and protein, and their levels are tightly regulated by the oxidative enzyme ALDH2. Mutations in this enzyme are associated with cardiac damage, diseases such as Fanconi anemia (FA), and cancer. Many attempts have been made to identify and quantify the overall level of these alkyl aldehydes inside cells, yet there are few practical methods available to detect and monitor these volatile aldehydes in real time. Here, we describe a multicolor fluorogenic hydrazone transfer ("DarkZone") system to label alkyl aldehydes, yielding up to 30-fold light-up response in vitro. A cell-permeant DarkZone dye design was applied to detect small-molecule aldehydes in the cellular environment. The new dye design also enabled the monitoring of cellular acetaldehyde production from ethanol over time by flow cytometry, demonstrating the utility of the DarkZone dyes for measuring and imaging the aldehydic load related to human disease.	0
Abstract2class: A small-molecule probe of the histone methyltransferase G9a induces cellular senescence in pancreatic adenocarcinoma Abstract: Post-translational modifications of histones alter chromatin structure and play key roles in gene expression and specification of cell states. Small molecules that target chromatin-modifying enzymes selectively are useful as probes and have promise as therapeutics, although very few are currently available. G9a (also named euchromatin histone methyltransferase 2 (EHMT2)) catalyzes methylation of lysine 9 on histone H3 (H3K9), a modification linked to aberrant silencing of tumor-suppressor genes, among others. Here, we report the discovery of a novel histone methyltransferase inhibitor, BRD4770. This compound reduced cellular levels of di- and trimethylated H3K9 without inducing apoptosis, induced senescence, and inhibited both anchorage-dependent and -independent proliferation in the pancreatic cancer cell line PANC-1. ATM-pathway activation, caused by either genetic or small-molecule inhibition of G9a, may mediate BRD4770-induced cell senescence. BRD4770 may be a useful tool to study G9a and its role in senescence and cancer cell biology.	0
Abstract2class: Structural analysis of the contacts anchoring moenomycin to peptidoglycan glycosyltransferases and implications for antibiotic design Abstract: Peptidoglycan glycosyltransferases (PGTs), enzymes that catalyze the formation of the glycan chains of the bacterial cell wall, have tremendous potential as antibiotic targets. The moenomycins, a potent family of natural product antibiotics, are the only known active site inhibitors of the PGTs and serve as blueprints for the structure-based design of new antibacterials. A 2.8 A structure of a Staphylococcus aureus PGT with moenomycin A bound in the active site appeared recently, potentially providing insight into substrate binding; however, the protein-ligand contacts were not analyzed in detail and the implications of the structure for inhibitor design were not addressed. We report here the 2.3 A structure of a complex of neryl-moenomycin A bound to the PGT domain of Aquifex aeolicus PBP1A. The structure allows us to examine protein-ligand contacts in detail and implies that six conserved active site residues contact the centrally located F-ring phosphoglycerate portion of neryl-moenomycin A. A mutational analysis shows that all six residues play important roles in enzymatic activity. We suggest that small scaffolds that maintain these key contacts will serve as effective PGT inhibitors. To test this hypothesis, we have prepared, via heterologous expression of a subset of moenomycin biosynthetic genes, a novel moenomycin intermediate that maintains these six contacts but does not contain the putative minimal pharmacophore. This compound has comparable biological activity to the previously proposed minimal pharmacophore. The results reported here may facilitate the design of antibiotics targeted against peptidoglycan glycosyltransferases.	0
Abstract2class: Transition State Structure of RNA Depurination by Saporin L3 Abstract: Saporin L3 from the leaves of the common soapwort is a catalyst for hydrolytic depurination of adenine from RNA. Saporin L3 is a type 1 ribosome inactivating protein (RIP) composed only of a catalytic domain. Other RIPs have been used in immunotoxin cancer therapy, but off-target effects have limited their development. In the current study, we use transition state theory to understand the chemical mechanism and transition state structure of saporin L3. In favorable cases, transition state structures guide the design of transition state analogues as inhibitors. Kinetic isotope effects (KIEs) were determined for an A14C mutant of saporin L3. To permit KIE measurements, small stem-loop RNAs that contain an AGGG tetraloop structure were enzymatically synthesized with the single adenylate bearing specific isotopic substitutions. KIEs were measured and corrected for forward commitment to obtain intrinsic values. A model of the transition state structure for depurination of stem-loop RNA (5'-GGGAGGGCCC-3') by saporin L3 was determined by matching KIE values predicted via quantum chemical calculations to a family of intrinsic KIEs. This model indicates saporin L3 displays a late transition state with the N-ribosidic bond to the adenine nearly cleaved, and the attacking water nucleophile weakly bonded to the ribosyl anomeric carbon. The transition state retains partial ribocation character, a feature common to most N-ribosyl transferases. However, the transition state geometry for saporin L3 is distinct from ricin A-chain, the only other RIP whose transition state is known.	0
Abstract2class: 6-Thioguanine and S⁶-methylthioguanine are mutagenic in human cells Abstract: Thiopurines are effective immunosuppressants and anticancer agents. However, the long-term use of thiopurines was found to be associated with a significantly increased risk of various types of cancer. To date, the specific mechanism(s) underlying the carcinogenicity associated with thiopurine treatment remain(s) unclear. Herein, we constructed duplex pTGFP-Hha10 shuttle vectors carrying a 6-thioguanine ((S)G) or S⁶-methylthioguanine (S⁶mG) at a unique site and allowed the vectors to propagate in three different human cell lines. Analysis of the replication products revealed that although neither thionucleoside blocked considerably DNA replication in any of the human cell lines, both (S)G and S⁶mG were mutagenic, resulting in G→A mutation at frequencies of ~8% and ~39%, respectively. Consistent with what was found from our previous study in E. coli cells, our data demonstrated that the mutagenic properties of (S)G and S⁶mG provided significant evidence for mutation induction as a potential carcinogenic mechanism associated with chronic thiopurine intervention.	0
Abstract2class: Toward a Microparticle-Based System for Pooled Assays of Small Molecules in Cellular Contexts Abstract: Experimental approaches to the discovery of small molecule probes and drug candidates often use biochemical or cell-based screening of large libraries (>105) of small molecules. Small molecules of interest are tested one at a time in individual wells of a microtiter plate, at a significant cost in time and resources. Furthermore, evaluation of large numbers of compounds in such assays requires robust cellular or biochemical screening formats that may not be relevant to the contexts found in human patients. We envision a solution to these issues that involves a pooled system of small molecule screening, which would require development of numerous new technologies, and solutions to several key challenges. We report here that a microparticle-based screening system can allow for screening of small molecules in such a pooled fashion, analogous to the pooled screens of genetic reagents that have been powerfully deployed in recent years. We developed a cleavable linker that can link small molecules of interest to silica microparticle beads, a DNA tag encoding the identity of the small molecule on each bead that was attached to the silica beads through a photocleavable linker to enable its amplification, and a bead-based fluorescent sensor that can report on the activity of small molecules in cells. We suggest that this pooled small molecule screening system could ultimately be useful for drug and probe discovery, allowing rapid and inexpensive screening of small molecules in assays of relevance to human diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Lacticin 481 synthetase as a general serine/threonine kinase Abstract: Methods that introduce posttranslational modifications in a general, mild, and non-sequence-specific manner using biologically produced peptides have great utility for investigation of the functions of these modifications. In this study, the substrate promiscuity of a lantibiotic synthetase was exploited for the preparation of phosphopeptides, glycopeptides, and peptides containing analogs of methylated or acetylated lysine residues. Peptides attached to the C-terminus of the leader peptide of the lacticin 481 precursor peptide were phosphorylated on serine residues in a wide variety of sequence contexts by the R399M and T405A mutants of lacticin 481 synthetase (LctM). Serine residues located as many as 30 amino acids C-terminal to the leader peptide were phosphorylated. Wild-type LctM was shown to dehydrate these peptides to generate dehydroalanine-containing products that can be conveniently modified with external nucleophiles including thiosaccharides, 2-(dimethylamino)ethanethiol, and N-acetyl cysteamine, resulting in mimics of O-linked glycopeptides and acetylated and methylated lysines.	0
Abstract2class: Small-molecule suppressors of Candida albicans biofilm formation synergistically enhance the antifungal activity of amphotericin B against clinical Candida isolates Abstract: A new class of fungal biofilm inhibitors represented by shearinines D (3) and E (4) were obtained from a Penicillium sp. isolate. The inhibitory activities of 3 and 4 were characterized using a new imaging flow-cytometer technique, which enabled the rapid phenotypic analysis of Candida albicans cell types (budding yeast cells, germ tube cells, pseudohyphae, and hyphae) in biofilm populations. The results were confirmed by experimental data obtained from three-dimensional confocal laser scanning microscopy and 2,3-bis(2-methoxy-4-nitro-5-sulfophenyl)-2H-tetrazolium-5-carboxanilide (XTT) assays. These data indicate that 3 and 4 inhibited C. albicans biofilm formation by blocking the outgrowth of hyphae at a relatively late stage of biofilm development (IC50 = 8.5 and 7.6 μM, respectively). However, 3 and 4 demonstrated comparatively weak activity at disrupting existing biofilms. Compounds 3 and 4 also exhibited synergistic activities with amphotericin B against C. albicans and other clinical Candida isolates by enhancing the potency of amphotericin B up to 8-fold against cells in both developing and established biofilms. These data suggest that the Candida biofilm disruption and amphotericin B potentiating effects of 3 and 4 could be mediated through multiple biological targets. The shearinines are good tools for testing the potential advantages of using adjunctive therapies in combination with antifungals.	0
Abstract2class: Roles of Aag, Alkbh2, and Alkbh3 in the Repair of Carboxymethylated and Ethylated Thymidine Lesions Abstract: Environmental and endogenous genotoxic agents can result in a variety of alkylated and carboxymethylated DNA lesions, including N3-ethylthymidine (N3-EtdT), O(2)-EtdT, and O(4)-EtdT as well as N3-carboxymethylthymidine (N3-CMdT) and O(4)-CMdT. By using nonreplicative double-stranded vectors harboring a site-specifically incorporated DNA lesion, we assessed the potential roles of alkyladenine DNA glycosylase (Aag); alkylation repair protein B homologue 2 (Alkbh2); or Alkbh3 in modulating the effects of N3-EtdT, O(2)-EtdT, O(4)-EtdT, N3-CMdT, or O(4)-CMdT on DNA transcription in mammalian cells. We found that the depletion of Aag did not significantly change the transcriptional inhibitory or mutagenic properties of all five examined lesions, suggesting a negligible role of Aag in the repair of these DNA adducts in mammalian cells. In addition, our results revealed that N3-EtdT, but not other lesions, could be repaired by Alkbh2 and Alkbh3 in mammalian cells. Furthermore, we demonstrated the direct reversal of N3-EtdT by purified human Alkbh2 protein in vitro. These findings provided important new insights into the repair of the carboxymethylated and alkylated thymidine lesions in mammalian cells.	0
Abstract2class: A Genetically Encoded FRET Sensor for Hypoxia and Prolyl Hydroxylases Abstract: Oxygen is vital for all aerobic life forms. Oxygen-dependent hydroxylation of hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1α by prolyl hydroxylase domain enzymes (PHDs) is an important step for controlling the expression of oxygen-regulated genes in metazoan species, thereby constituting a molecular mechanism for oxygen sensing and response. Herein, we report a genetically encoded dual-emission ratiometric fluorescent sensor, ProCY, which responds to PHD activities in vitro and in live cells. We demonstrated that ProCY could monitor hypoxia in mammalian cells. By targeting this novel genetically encoded biosensor to the cell nucleus and cytosol, we determined that, under normoxic conditions, the HIF-prolyl hydroxylase activity was mainly confined to the cytosol of HEK 293T cells. The results collectively suggest broad applications of ProCY on the evaluation of hypoxia and PHD activities and understanding of pathways for the control of hypoxic responses.	0
Abstract2class: Playing with the Molecules of Life Abstract: Our understanding of the complex molecular processes of living organisms at the molecular level is growing exponentially. This knowledge, together with a powerful arsenal of tools for manipulating the structures of macromolecules, is allowing chemists to to harness and reprogram the cellular machinery in ways previously unimaged. Here we review one example in which the genetic code itself has been expanded with new building blocks that allow us to probe and manipulate the structures and functions of proteins with unprecedented precision.	0
Abstract2class: Unlocking Cryptic Metabolites with Mass Spectrometry-Guided Transposon Mutant Selection Abstract: The products of most secondary metabolite biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) have yet to be discovered, in part due to low expression levels in laboratory cultures. Reporter-guided mutant selection (RGMS) has recently been developed for this purpose: a mutant library is generated and screened, using genetic reporters to a chosen BGC, to select transcriptionally active mutants that then enable the characterization of the "cryptic" metabolite. The requirement for genetic reporters limits the approach to a single pathway within genetically tractable microorganisms. Herein, we utilize untargeted metabolomics in conjunction with transposon mutagenesis to provide a global read-out of secondary metabolism across large numbers of mutants. We employ self-organizing map analytics and imaging mass spectrometry to identify and characterize seven cryptic metabolites from mutant libraries of two different Burkholderia species. Applications of the methodologies reported can expand our understanding of the products and regulation of cryptic BGCs across phylogenetically diverse bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Covalent Targeting of Ras G12C by Rationally Designed Peptidomimetics Abstract: Protein-protein interactions (PPIs) play a critical role in fundamental biological processes. Competitive inhibition of these interfaces requires compounds that can access discontinuous binding epitopes along a large, shallow binding surface area. Conformationally defined protein surface mimics present a viable route to target these interactions. However, the development of minimal protein mimics that engage intracellular targets with high affinity remains a major challenge because mimicry of a portion of the binding interface is often associated with the loss of critical binding interactions. Covalent targeting provides an attractive approach to overcome the loss of noncovalent contacts but have the inherent risk of dominating noncovalent contacts and increasing the likelihood of nonselective binding. Here, we report the iterative design of a proteolytically stable α3β chimeric helix mimic that covalently targets oncogenic Ras G12C as a model system. We explored several electrophiles to optimize preferential alkylation with the desired C12 on Ras. The designed lead peptide modulates nucleotide exchange, inhibits activation of the Ras-mediated signaling cascade, and is selectively toxic toward mutant Ras G12C cancer cells. The relatively high frequency of acquired cysteines as missense mutations in cancer and other diseases suggests that covalent peptides may offer an untapped therapeutic approach for targeting aberrant protein interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Selective Neutral pH Inhibitor of Cathepsin B Designed Based on Cleavage Preferences at Cytosolic and Lysosomal pH Conditions Abstract: Cathepsin B is a cysteine protease that normally functions within acidic lysosomes for protein degradation, but in numerous human diseases, cathepsin B translocates to the cytosol having neutral pH where the enzyme activates inflammation and cell death. Cathepsin B is active at both the neutral pH 7.2 of the cytosol and the acidic pH 4.6 within lysosomes. We evaluated the hypothesis that cathepsin B may possess pH-dependent cleavage preferences that can be utilized for design of a selective neutral pH inhibitor by (1) analysis of differential cathepsin B cleavage profiles at neutral pH compared to acidic pH using multiplex substrate profiling by mass spectrometry (MSP-MS), (2) design of pH-selective peptide-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin (AMC) substrates, and (3) design and validation of Z-Arg-Lys-acyloxymethyl ketone (AOMK) as a selective neutral pH inhibitor. Cathepsin B displayed preferences for cleaving peptides with Arg in the P2 position at pH 7.2 and Glu in the P2 position at pH 4.6, represented by its primary dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase and modest endopeptidase activity. These properties led to design of the substrate Z-Arg-Lys-AMC having neutral pH selectivity, and its modification with the AOMK warhead to result in the inhibitor Z-Arg-Lys-AOMK. This irreversible inhibitor displays nanomolar potency with 100-fold selectivity for inhibition of cathepsin B at pH 7.2 compared to pH 4.6, shows specificity for cathepsin B over other cysteine cathepsins, and is cell permeable and inhibits intracellular cathepsin B. These findings demonstrate that cathepsin B possesses pH-dependent cleavage properties that can lead to development of a potent, neutral pH inhibitor of this enzyme.	0
Abstract2class: Atkamine: a new pyrroloiminoquinone scaffold from the cold water Aleutian Islands Latrunculia sponge Abstract: A new pyrroloiminoquinone alkaloid, named atkamine, with an unusual scaffold was discovered from a cold, deep water Alaskan sponge Latrunculia sp. collected from the Aleutian Islands. Olefin metathesis was utilized to determine the location of the double bond in the hydrocarbon chain. The absolute configuration was determined by using computational approaches combing with the ECD (electronic circular dichroism) spectroscopy.	0
Abstract2class: Formal synthesis of (+/-)-platensimycin Abstract: [reaction: see text] Reductive alkylation of 5-methoxy-1-tetralone (6) with 2,3-dibromopropene gave an equilibrium mixture of bicyclic diones 7 (51%) and 8 (35%). Radical cyclization of 7 afforded tricyclic dione 5 (84%), which was reduced, cyclized, and dehydrated to give tetracyclic alkene 13 in 63% yield. Allylic oxidation of 13 with SeO2 and activated MnO2 afforded enone 2 in 85% yield, thereby completing a short formal synthesis of (+/-)-platensimycin.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of (+/-)-symbioimine Abstract: The synthesis of (+/-)-symbioimine (1) has been completed in only 12 linear steps in 8% overall yield. The key step is the treatment of 13b with BF3.Et2O to generate N-carboalkoxydihydropyridinium cation 14b, which undergoes a novel stereospecific intramolecular Diels-Alder reaction to give adduct 16b in 42% yield. Cleavage of the N-Troc group of 16b afforded imine 24b stereospecifically. Cleavage of the TBDMS ethers and sulfation provided (+/-)-symbioimine (1). [reaction: see text].	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of alpha-L-threofuranosyl nucleoside triphosphates (tNTPs) Abstract: [structure: see text] The alpha-l-threofuranosyl nucleoside triphosphates of T, G, and D (tTTP, tGTP, and tDTP) were synthesized from the described 2'-O-DMT-protected derivatives using the Eckstein method, while the corresponding C derivative (tCTP) was prepared from the 2'-O-acetyl derivative. The prepared alpha-l-threofuranosyl nucleoside triphosphates, despite being one carbon shorter than the native 2'-deoxyfuranosyl nucleoside triphosphates, are effective substrates for selected DNA polymerases.	0
Abstract2class: Rubesanolides A and B: diterpenoids from Isodon rubescens Abstract: From the medicinal plant Isodon rubescens, we isolated two novel diterpenes, rubesanolides A (1) and B (2). The compounds contain a unique β-lactone subgroup. This is the first discovery for a natural diterpene having rings A, B, and C in chair, boat, and twist-chair conformations, respectively. The structures were elucidated by analysis of spectroscopic data, and the absolute configuration of 1 was determined by X-ray diffraction.	0
Abstract2class: Photovoltaic performance of an ultrasmall band gap polymer Abstract: A conjugated polymer (PBTTQ) that consists of alternating electron-rich bithiophene and electron-deficient thiadiazoloquinoxaline units was synthesized via Yamamoto polymerization with Ni(cod)(2) and provides a band gap of 0.94 eV. This represents one of the smallest band gaps obtained for a soluble conjugated polymer. When applied in a bulk heterojunction solar cell together with [84]PCBM as the electron acceptor, the polymer affords a response up to 1.3 microm.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorous supported modular synthesis of heparan sulfate oligosaccharides Abstract: The modular synthesis of heparan sulfate fragments is greatly facilitated by employing an anomeric aminopentyl linker protected by a benzyloxycarbonyl group modified by a perfluorodecyl tag, which made it possible to purify highly polar intermediates by fluorous solid phase extraction. This tagging methodology made it also possible to perform repeated glycosylations to drive reactions to completion.	0
Abstract2class: Reactivity of N-(1,2,4-triazolyl)-substituted 1,2,3-triazoles Abstract: Synthetically useful rhodium(II) carbenes were obtained from N-(1,2,4-triazolyl)-substituted 1,2,3-triazoles and Rh(II) carboxylates. The electron-withdrawing 1,2,4-triazolyl group reveals the heretofore unknown reactivity of nonsulfonyl 1,2,3-triazoles, which exhibit the reactivity of diazo compounds. The resulting carbenes provide ready asymmetric access to secondary homoaminocyclopropanes (80-95% ee, dr >20:1) via reactions with olefins and also engage in efficient transannulation reactions with nitriles.	0
Abstract2class: Semisynthesis of dimeric proteins by expressed protein ligation Abstract: A one-pot synthesis of homodimeric proteins is described. The synthetic strategy is based on a double expressed protein ligation reaction between thioester peptides and a new bis-cysteinyl linker. The protocol was also applied to the synthesis of heterodimers.	0
Abstract2class: Copper-catalyzed oxidative homo- and cross-coupling of Grignard reagents using diaziridinone Abstract: Transition-metal-catalyzed cross-coupling reactions are among the most powerful synthetic transformations. This paper describes an efficient copper-catalyzed homo- and cross-coupling of Grignard reagents with di-tert-butyldiaziridinone as oxidant under mild conditions, giving the coupling products in good to excellent yields. The reaction process has a broad substrate scope and is also effective for the C(sp)-C(sp(3)) coupling.	0
Abstract2class: Facile Cu(I)-catalyzed oxidative coupling of anilines to azo compounds and hydrazines with diaziridinone under mild conditions Abstract: A mild and highly efficient Cu(I)-catalyzed oxidative coupling of anilines is described. Various primary and secondary anilines can be efficiently coupled under mild conditions to the corresponding azo compounds and hydrazines in high yields. This method provides a direct and practical access to these compounds and is also amenable to gram scale with no special precautions to exclude air or moisture.	0
Abstract2class: Highly efficient Cu(I)-catalyzed oxidation of alcohols to ketones and aldehydes with diaziridinone Abstract: A novel and efficient Cu(I)-catalyzed oxidation of alcohols has been achieved with di-tert-butyldiaziridinone as the oxidant under mild conditions. A wide variety of primary and secondary alcohols with various functional groups can be oxidized to aldehydes and ketones in high yields. The reaction proceeds under neutral conditions making it compatible with acid- or base-sensitive substrates, and it is amenable to gram scale.	0
Abstract2class: Highly water-soluble neutral BODIPY dyes with controllable fluorescence quantum yields Abstract: A series of novel highly water-soluble neutral BODIPY dyes have been obtained by functionalization of BODIPY dyes with branched oligo(ethylene glycol)methyl ether groups at positions 8, 2 and 6 or 4 and 4'. Use of an ortho-substituent group of branched oligo(ethylene glycol)methyl ether on the meso-phenyl ring of BODIPY dyes and replacement of the fluorine atoms of BODIPY dyes at positions 4 and 4' with methyloxy or ethynyl subunits significantly enhance fluorescence quantum yields of BODIPY dyes.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of (±)-cafestol: a late-stage construction of the furan ring inspired by a biosynthesis strategy Abstract: An efficient bioinspired approach to the total synthesis of (±)-cafestol features a late-stage installation of the furan ring with a mild Au-catalyzed cycloisomerization. The Et2AlCl-promoted aldehyde-ene cyclization and subsequent Friedel-Crafts reaction deliver a requisite tricyclic system in gram scale with high stereo- and regioselectivity. Moreover, a highly stereoselective SmI2-mediated aldehyde-alkene radical cyclization furnishes the key bicyclo[3.2.1]octane skeleton to offer an advanced intermediate for the synthesis of other oxygenated ent-kaurene diterpenoids.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of (+)-SCH 351448 Abstract: A convergent synthesis of (+)-SCH 351448 (1), a monosodium salt of a C(2)-symmetric macrodiolide, is described. Our approach is based on a [4 + 2] annulation with a chiral allyl silane (anti-5c) to assemble the pyran subunits. Homodimerization was carried out in a stepwise fashion; initial esterification at C29' followed by macrocyclization at C29 afforded the desired macrodiolide.	0
Abstract2class: Fully reagent-controlled asymmetric synthesis of (-)-spongidepsin via the Zr-catalyzed asymmetric carboalumination of alkenes (ZACA reaction) Abstract: The ZACA reaction has been shown to proceed satisfactorily with internally OH-substituted 1-alkenes, provided that the OH group is unprotected and non-allylic. This reaction was used for reagent-controlled asymmetric construction of 3. Allylic alcohol was converted to 2 in seven steps via iterative ZACA processes and simple chromatography. (-)-Spongidepsin (1) was synthesized by using 2 and 3 through application of the esterification-amidation-ring-closing metathesis protocol previously reported.	0
Abstract2class: A simple method for the electrophilic cyanation of secondary amines Abstract: Bleach oxidizes trimethylsilyl cyanide to generate an electrophilic cyanating reagent that readily reacts with an amine nucleophile. This oxidative N-cyanation reaction allows for the preparation of disubstituted cyanamides from amines without using highly toxic cyanogen halides.	0
Abstract2class: Mild and rapid hydroxylation of aryl/heteroaryl boronic acids and boronate esters with N-oxides Abstract: Aryl and heteroaryl boronic acids and boronate esters are rapidly, often within minutes, transformed into the corresponding phenols by N-oxides in an open flask at ambient temperature. This transformation has broad compatibility with a variety of functional groups.	0
Abstract2class: N-acylsulfonamide assisted tandem C-H olefination/annulation: synthesis of isoindolinones Abstract: A tandem C-H olefination/annulation sequence directed by N-acylsulfonamides affords a variety of isoindolinones. This transformation is compatible with aliphatic alkenes as well as conjugated alkenes. Notably, molecular oxygen can be used as the sole, eco-friendly oxidant.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient carbazole synthesis via Pd/Cu-cocatalyzed cross-coupling/isomerization of 2-allyl-3-iodoindoles and terminal alkynes Abstract: The Pd/Cu-cocatalyzed one-pot reaction of 2-allyl-3-iodo-1-tosyl-1H-indoles and terminal alkynes afforded carbazoles highly efficiently via sequential carbon-carbon coupling, isomerization, cyclization, and aromatization forming a benzene ring. Both Pd and Cu are responsible for the coupling step, while K2CO3 was observed to be critical for the subsequent cyclization.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of phantasmidine Abstract: Reaction of 6-chloro-2-fluoro-3-pyridineacetamide with 1,2-bis(trimethylsilyloxy)cyclobutene in ether saturated with hydrogen chloride afforded the keto amide in 85% yield. In the key step, treatment of the keto amide with aqueous KOH in t-BuOH resulted in a tandem intramolecular aldol reaction-intramolecular nucleophilic aromatic substitution sequence to give the tetracylic lactam in 46% yield. Reduction of the lactam with BH(3) in THF gave phantasmidine in 67% yield.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of the isoxazolo[4,3,2-de]phenanthridinone moiety of the parnafungins Abstract: A practical route to the labile tetracyclic isoxazolo[4,3,2-de]phenanthridinone moiety of the antifungal parnafungins has been developed. Zinc reduction of a methyl 2'-hydroxymethyl-2-nitro-3-biphenylcarboxylate, which was prepared by a Suzuki coupling, afforded a benzisoxazolone that was treated with MsCl and base to generate the labile tetracyclic ring system in 37-47% yield. This compound decomposes to the phenanthridine in CDCl(3) and the phenanthridine N-oxide in aqueous base.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of (+/-)-vibralactone Abstract: Reductive alkylation of methyl 2-methoxybenzoate with prenyl bromide and hydrolysis afforded methyl 6-oxo-1-prenyl-2-cyclohexenecarboxylate. Reduction of the ketone, hydrolysis, iodolactonization, ozonolysis, and intramolecular aldol reaction provided a spiro lactone cyclopentenal. Retro-iodolactonization with activated Zn, formation of the beta-lactone, and reduction of the aldehyde completed an efficient first synthesis of (+/-)-vibralactone. No protecting groups were used except for the novel use of an iodolactone to protect both the prenyl double bond and carboxylic acid.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis, characterization, and utility of thermoresponsive natural/unnatural product macroligands for affinity chromatography Abstract: [Structure: see text] The synthesis and characterization of thermoresponsive, water-soluble poly-N-isopropyl acrylamide (PNIPAM) derived macroligands displaying cyclosporin A (CsA) and dexamethasone (Dex) for use as novel affinity resins are described. Characterization of these soluble macroligands, including ligand loading and integrity, was determined by 1H NMR spectroscopy. One of the CsA macroligands was used in a protein affinity experiment to capture known binding proteins of CsA, the cyclophilins, from Jurkat T-cell lysates.	0
Abstract2class: Probing the regiospecificity of enzyme-catalyzed steroid glycosylation Abstract: The potential of a uniquely permissive engineered glycosyltransferase (OleD ASP) as a catalyst for steroid glycosylation is highlighted. The ability of OleD ASP to glucosylate a range of cardenolides and bufadienolides was assessed using a rapid LC-UV/MS-SPE-NMR analytical platform. While a bias toward OleD-catalyzed C3 monoglucosylation was observed, subtle alterations of the steroidal architecture, in some cases, invoked diglucosylation or, in one case (digoxigenin), C12 glucosylation. This latter case represents the first, and highly efficient, synthesis of digoxigenin 12-O-β-D-glucoside.	0
Abstract2class: Asymmetric enzymatic glycosylation of mitoxantrone Abstract: Using a uniquely promiscuous engineered glycosyltransferase (GT) derived from the macrolide-inactivating GT OleD, a single-step asymmetric glucosylation of one 'arm' of the drug mitoxantrone was efficiently achieved in high stereo- and regiospecificity. The synthesis, structural elucidation, and anticancer activity of the corresponding mitoxantrone 4'-β-D-glucoside are described.	0
Abstract2class: A stereoselective synthesis of digitoxin and digitoxigen mono- and bisdigitoxoside from digitoxigenin via a palladium-catalyzed glycosylation Abstract: A convergent and stereocontrolled route to trisaccharide natural product digitoxin has been developed. The route is amenable to the preparation of both the digitoxigen mono- and bisdigitoxoside. This route featured the iterative application of the palladium-catalyzed glycosylation reaction, reductive 1,3-transposition, diastereoselective dihydroxylation, and regioselective protection. The natural product digitoxin was fashioned in 15 steps starting from digitoxigenin 2 and pyranone 8a or 18 steps from achiral acylfuran.	0
Abstract2class: Stereoselective synthesis of highly functionalized alpha-diazo-beta-ketoalkanoates via catalytic one-pot Mukaiyama-Aldol reactions Abstract: Methyl diazoacetoacetate undergoes zinc triflate catalyzed condensation with a broad selection of aldehydes to produce delta-siloxy-alpha-diazo-beta-ketoalkanoates in good yield, and delta-hydroxy-alpha-diazo-beta-ketoalkanoates are formed with high diastereoselectivity in reactions with alpha-diazo-beta-ketopentanoate promoted by dibutylboron triflate.	0
Abstract2class: Biomimetic synthesis of the tetracyclic core of berkelic acid Abstract: Acid-catalyzed condensation of 2,6-dihydroxybenzoic acid 3 with ketal aldehyde 14 in methanol at 25 degrees C, followed by CH2N2 esterification, gave a 4:1:4:1 mixture of diastereomers 15b-18b in 60% yield. Equilibration of this mixture with TFA in CDCl3 provided tetracycle 15b (83% yield) with the complete skeleton of berkelic acid. A similar condensation at 0 degrees C afforded 15b-18b and a reduction product 19b, which was probably formed by a 1,5-hydride shift.	0
Abstract2class: Olefinic-amide and olefinic-lactam cyclizations Abstract: Olefinic-amide and olefinic-lactam cyclization reactions that result in the generation of cyclic enamides are described.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient synthesis of 3H-indoles enabled by the lead-mediated α-arylation of β-ketoesters or γ-lactams using aryl azides Abstract: The development of a lead-mediated α-arylation reaction between aryl azides and β-ketoesters or γ-lactams that facilitates the formation of 3H-indoles is disclosed. Twenty-five examples are included which demonstrate the generality of this reaction to access aryl azides bearing tetrasubstituted o-alkyl substituents. When paired with a Staudinger reduction, this reaction streamlines the synthesis of functionalized 3H-indoles.	0
Abstract2class: "Click, click, cyclize": a DOS approach to sultams utilizing vinyl sulfonamide linchpins Abstract: A diversity-oriented synthesis (DOS) strategy termed "Click, Click, Cyclize" is reported. This approach relies on functional group (FG) pairing between a vinyl sulfonamide and an array of functional groups to synthesize skeletally diverse sultams. Several FG pairing pathways on central tertiary vinyl sulfonamide linchpins have been developed including intramolecular Heck, aza-Michael, ring-closing enyne metathesis, Pauson-Khand, and chemoselective oxidation/Baylis-Hillman reactions.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of sultam scaffolds via intramolecular oxa-Michael and diastereoselective Baylis-Hillman reactions Abstract: A divergent synthetic approach to new sultams utilizing intramolecular oxa-Michael and Baylis-Hillman reactions of readily prepared vinyl sulfonamides and suitably protected amino alcohols, is reported. A variety of seven- and eight-membered ring sultam scaffolds were synthesized using oxa-Michael pathways, whereas both five- and six-membered rings were synthesized using Baylis-Hillman methods. Baylis-Hillman reactions proceed with good to excellent levels of diastereoselectivity, and oxa-Michael reactions leading to eight-membered ring sultams provide empirical evidence validating 8- endo-trig cyclization pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Gold-catalyzed enantioselective ring-expanding cycloisomerization of cyclopropylidene bearing 1,5-enynes Abstract: An enantioselective ring-expanding cycloisomerization of 1,5-enynes bearing a cyclopropylidene moiety has been developed. This methodology provides a new approach to bicyclo[4.2.0]octanes, a structural motif present in many biologically active natural products.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid access to conformational analogues of (+)-peloruside A Abstract: An efficient synthetic strategy for rapid access to analogues of peloruside A has been demonstrated. The synthetic route was highlighted by a simple esterification-based fragment coupling and a late stage ring-closing metathesis reaction. This convergent route has provided access to rationally designed analogues inspired by the solution conformational preferences of peloruside A.	0
Abstract2class: Thiol-activated gem-dithiols: a new class of controllable hydrogen sulfide donors Abstract: A class of novel thiol-activated H2S donors has been developed on the basis of the gem-dithiol template. These donors release H2S in the presence of cysteine or GSH in aqueous solutions as well as in cellular environments.	0
Abstract2class: Endo-selective enyne ring-closing metathesis promoted by stereogenic-at-W mono-pyrrolide complexes Abstract: The utility of W-alkylidene complexes for enyne ring-closing metathesis is demonstrated in a direct comparison with Mo-based analogs. Tungsten complexes lead to less alkyne oligomerization and higher levels of endo-selectivity and enantioselectivity.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibiting the protein ubiquitination cascade by ubiquitin-mimicking short peptides Abstract: Short heptapeptides were identified to function as ubiquitin (UB) mimics that are activated by E1 and form thioester conjugates with E1, E2, and HECT type E3 enzymes. The activities (k(cat)/K(1/2)) of E1 with the UB-mimicking peptides are 130-1,400-fold higher than the equally long peptide with the native C-terminal sequence of UB. By forming covalent conjugates with E1, E2, and E3 enzymes, the UB-mimicking peptides can block the transfer of native UB through the cascade.	0
Abstract2class: Design and synthesis of C6-C8 bridged epothilone A Abstract: A conformationally restrained epothilone A analogue (3) with a short bridge between methyl groups at C6 and C8 was designed and synthesized. Preliminary biological evaluation indicates 3 to be only weakly active (IC50 = 8.5 microM) against the A2780 human ovarian cancer cell line.	0
Abstract2class: Arylchlorogermanes/TBAF/"moist" toluene: a promising combination for Pd-catalyzed Germyl-Stille cross-coupling Abstract: The trichlorophenyl,- dichlorodiphenyl,- and chlorotriphenylgermanes undergo Pd-catalyzed cross-couplings with aryl bromides and iodides in the presence of TBAF in toluene with addition of the measured amount of water. One chloride ligand on the Ge center allows efficient activation by fluoride to promote transfer of one, two, or three phenyl groups from the organogermane precursors.	0
Abstract2class: Stereoselective synthesis of F-ring saturated estrone-derived inhibitors of Hedgehog signaling based on cyclopamine Abstract: Previous work in this laboratory established that the readily available F-ring aromatic analog of cyclopamine is a highly potent inhibitor of Hedgehog signaling. The synthesis and biological evaluation of two F-ring saturated analogs that are more potent than the F-ring aromatic structure are reported.	0
Abstract2class: N-amidation by copper-mediated cross-coupling of organostannanes or boronic acids with o-acetyl hydroxamic acids Abstract: A general nonoxidative N-amidation of organostannanes and boronic acids has been developed. Under nonbasic conditions a wide variety of aryl, alkenyl, and heteroaryl organostannanes and boronic acids couple efficiently with O-acetyl hydroxamic acids in the presence of Cu(I) sources.	0
Abstract2class: Palladium-catalyzed, copper(I)-mediated coupling of boronic acids and benzylthiocyanate. A cyanide-free cyanation of boronic acids Abstract: A new method for the synthesis of nitriles is described. As a complement to the classic cyanation of aryl halides using cyanide sources and a transition metal catalyst, the palladium-catalyzed cross-coupling of thiocyanates with boronic acids in the presence of copper(I) thiophene-2-carboxylate (CuTC) affords nitriles in good to excellent yields.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of demissidine by a ring fragmentation 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition approach Abstract: A synthesis of the steroidal alkaloid demissidine from epiandrosterone is reported. A ring fragmentation reaction that efficiently ruptured the D-ring of a diazo ester derivative of epiandrosterone to provide an aldehyde tethered ynoate product was key to this sequence. Incorporation of the indolizidine framework was achieved by an azomethine ylide 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition.	0
Abstract2class: The total synthesis of immunostimulant α-galactosylceramides from naturally configured α-galactoside raffinose Abstract: The total synthesis of absolute anomeric confirmation α-galactosylceramide analogues from raffinose is described. Using the naturally occurring α-galactoside raffinose as the starting material, the easily maneuverable protocol without glycosylation reactions ensured the critical α-linkage in the product and simplified the synthetic procedures. The immunostimulatory activities of the new α-galactosylceramides were validated by both in vitro and in vivo NKT cell stimulation assays.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of amidines using N-allyl ynamides. A palladium-catalyzed allyl transfer through an ynamido-pi-allyl complex Abstract: A de novo transformation of N-allyl-N-sulfonyl ynamides to amidines is described featuring a palladium-catalyzed N-to-C allyl transfer via ynamido-palladium-pi-allyl complexes.	0
Abstract2class: Mapping the active site in a chemzyme: diversity in the N-substituent in the catalytic asymmetric aziridination of imines Abstract: The active site of the aziridination catalyst derived from either the VANOL or VAPOL ligand and B(OPh)(3) is larger than expected and can accommodate not only significant substitution on the diarylmethyl unit of the imine but also that alkyl (but not perfluorylalkyl) substituents on the aryl groups lead to enhanced rates and enantioselection. The screen of diarylmethyl N-substituents on the imine revealed that the 3,5-di-tert-butyldianisylmethyl group (BUDAM) gave exceptionally high asymmetric inductions for imines of aryl aldehydes.	0
Abstract2class: Stereocontrolled synthesis of spirooxindoles through Lewis acid-promoted [5 + 2]-annulation of chiral silyl alcohols Abstract: The enantioselective synthesis of stereochemically and structurally diverse spirocyclic oxindoles by [5 + 2]-annulation of chiral crotylsilanes bearing a primary alcohol is described. The annulation products were further elaborated to polycyclic oxindoles by Pd(0) catalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of herboxidiene/GEX 1A Abstract: A convergent enantioselective synthesis of herboxidiene/GEX 1A (1) is described that features a double stereodifferentiating crotylation, [4 + 2] annulation, and a silicon-based sp2-sp2 cross-coupling to assemble the conjugated diene.	0
Abstract2class: Two-directional olefinic-ester ring-closing metathesis using reduced Ti alkylidenes. A rapid entry into polycyclic ether skeletons Abstract: The use of a reduced titanium ethylidene reagent in an efficient two-directional approach to polycyclic ether skeletons is described.	0
Abstract2class: Direct prenylation of aromatic and alpha,beta-unsaturated carboxamides via iridium-catalyzed C-H oxidative addition-allene insertion Abstract: Exposure of aromatic carboxamides 1e-1m, heteroaromatic carboxamides 1n-1p, and alpha,beta-unsaturated carboxamides 1q-1s to 1,1-dimethylallene in the presence of the a cationic iridium complex derived from [Ir(cod)(2)]BAr(F)(4) and rac-BINAP results in direct C-H prenylation to furnish adducts 2e-2m, 2n-2p, and 2q-2s, respectively, in good isolated yields as single isomers.	0
Abstract2class: A diastereoselective oxa-Pictet-Spengler-based strategy for (+)-frenolicin B and epi-(+)-frenolicin B synthesis Abstract: An efficient diastereoselective oxa-Pictet-Spengler reaction strategy was developed to construct benzoisochroman diastereomers. The utility of the reaction was demonstrated in the context of both the total synthesis of naturally occurring pyranonaphthoquinones (+)-frenolicin B and epi-(+)-frenolicin B as well as a range of frenolicin precursor analogs. The method is versatile and offers exquisite stereocontrol and, as such, offers a synthetic advance for the synthesis of pyranonaphthoquinone analogs.	0
Abstract2class: Superacid-catalyzed reactions of olefinic pyrazines: an example of anti-Markovnikov addition involving superelectrophiles Abstract: [reaction: see text] Olefinic pyrazines are found to react with benzene in CF3SO3H and give anti-Markovnikov-type addition products. We propose that this is caused by two effects: destabilization of the carbocationic intermediates that would lead to Markovnikov-type products and the generation of a considerable amount of positive charge at the terminal carbon of the olefinic groups. This suggests that acid-catalyzed addition reactions can give anti-Markovnikov-type products when a multiply charged (i.e., superelectrophilic) group is adjacent to the olefinic site.	0
Abstract2class: Divergent behavior of glycosylated threonine and serine derivatives in solid phase peptide synthesis Abstract: Solid phase peptide coupling of glycosylated threonine derivatives was systematically evaluated. In contrast to glycosylated serine derivatives which are highly prone to epimerization, glycosylated threonine derivatives produce only negligible amounts of epimerization. Under forcing conditions, glycosylated threonine analogs undergo β-elimination, rather than epimerization. Mechanistic studies and molecular modeling were used to understand the origin of the differences in reactivity.	0
Abstract2class: Calculations predict that carbon tunneling allows the degenerate cope rearrangement of semibullvalene to occur rapidly at cryogenic temperatures Abstract: Calculations on the role of tunneling in the degenerate Cope rearrangements of semibullvalene (1) and barbaralane (3) predict that, at temperatures below 40 K, tunneling from the lowest vibrational level should make the temperature-independent rate constants k = 1.43 x 10(-3) s(-1) and k = 7.28 x 10(-9) s(-1), respectively. An experiment, using semibullvalene-2(4)-d(1), is proposed to test the prediction of rapid tunneling by 1 at cryogenic temperatures.	0
Abstract2class: A highly stereoselective synthesis of chiral alpha-amino-beta-lactams via the Kinugasa reaction employing ynamides Abstract: A highly stereoselective synthesis of chiral alpha-amino-beta-lactam through an ynamide-Kinugasa reaction is described. In addition, a mechanistic model is illustrated here to rationalize the observed diastereoselectivity, which depends on both the initial [3 + 2] cycloaddition step and the subsequent protonation for which both are highly selective.	0
Abstract2class: On the regioselectivity of thioether formation by lacticin 481 synthetase Abstract: Lantibiotic synthetases generate intramolecular thioether cross-links within peptides through the Michael-type addition of cysteines onto dehydroamino acids originating from Ser and Thr. Presented here is an assay that readily distinguishes between enzymatic and nonenzymatic formation of these cross-links. The results demonstrate unequivocally that lacticin 481 synthetase can generate non-native thioether cross-links.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of the 5'-Se-thymidine phosphoramidite and convenient labeling of DNA oligonucleotide Abstract: The synthesis of the 5'-Se-derivatized thymidine and phosphoramidite is reported, and the Se-phosphoramidite was incorporated into DNA. Because of its high nucleophilicity, this 5'-Se-moiety permits convenient postsynthetic modification of oligonucleotides. The proof of principle was successfully demonstrated by incorporating fluorescein into DNA. It was also found that the 5'-dye-labeled Se-DNA can be recognized by DNA polymerase as an efficient primer. This novel strategy opens a new avenue for nucleic acid probe preparation and detection.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic studies toward amphidinolide B1: synthesis of the C9-C26 fragment Abstract: [reaction: see text] The synthesis of the C9-C26 portion of amphidinolide B1 is described. A Fleming allylation followed by elimination was employed for the construction of the C13-C15 diene portion. Sharpless asymmetric dihydroxylation was utilized for regioselective functionalization of a styrene-derived alkene, in the presence of the C13-C15 diene functionality. A highly diastereoselective aldol reaction was developed to establish the C18 stereochemistry.	0
Abstract2class: A highly efficient microwave-assisted suzuki coupling reaction of aryl perfluorooctylsulfonates with boronic acids Abstract: [reaction: see text] A new strategy to improve the efficiency of Suzuki coupling reactions is introduced by combining fast microwave reaction with easy fluorous separation. Aryl perfluorooctylsulfonates derived from the corresponding phenols are coupled with aryl boronic acids to form biaryls under general microwave conditions. Both intermediates and products are purified by solid-phase extraction over FluoroFlash silica gel. Application of this tagging strategy to multistep synthesis of biaryl-substituted hydantoin is also described.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorous synthesis of hydantoins and thiohydantoins Abstract: [reaction: see text] A fluorous synthesis of hydantoins is introduced. The reaction of perfluoroalkyl (Rfh)-tagged amino esters with an isocyanate is followed by the cyclization of ureas and simultaneous cleavage of the fluorous tag to afford hydantoins. The product purification is performed by solid-phase extraction over FluoroFlash cartridges, and no fluorous solvent is involved in either the reaction or the separation processes. The same method applies to synthesis of thiohydantoins.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorous synthesis of disubstituted pyrimidines Abstract: [reaction: see text] The fluorous synthesis of disubstituted pyrimidines is carried out by attaching 2,4-dichloro-6-methylpyrimidine with 1H,1H,2H,2H-perfluorodecanethiol. The tagged substrate is substituted with 3-(trifluoromethyl)pyrazole followed by thioether oxidation and tag displacement with amines or thiols. The fluorous chain serves as a phase tag for intermediate and product purification over FluoroFlash SPE cartridges.	0
Abstract2class: Kinetics of two-electron oxidations by the compound I derivative of chloroperoxidase, a model for cytochrome P450 oxidants Abstract: [structure: see text] Rate constants for two-electron oxidation reactions of Compound I from chloroperoxidase (CPO) with a variety of substrates were measured by stopped-flow kinetic techniques. The thiolate ligand of CPO Compound I activates the iron-oxo species with the result that oxidation reactions are 2 to 3 orders of magnitude faster than oxidations by model iron(IV)-oxo porphyrin radical cations containing weaker binding counterions.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of (±)-7-epi-nemorosone Abstract: A concise total synthesis of (±)-7-epi-nemorosone is reported. Our synthetic approach establishes a viable route to polycyclic polyprenylated acylphloroglucinol natural products (PPAP's) bearing a C-7 endo prenyl side chain. Key steps include retro-aldol-vinyl cerium addition to a hydroxy adamantane core scaffold and palladium-mediated deoxygenation.	0
Abstract2class: Ni- and Pd-catalyzed synthesis of substituted and functionalized allylic boronates Abstract: Two highly efficient and convenient methods for the synthesis of functionalized and substituted allylic boronates are described. In one procedure, readily available allylic acetates are converted to allylic boronates catalyzed by Ni/PCy(3) or Ni/PPh(3) complexes with high levels of stereoselectivity and in good yields. Alternatively, the borylation can be accomplished with commercially available Pd catalysts [e.g., Pd(2)(dba)(3), PdCl(2), Pd/C], starting with easily accessed allylic halides.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of functionalized cyclohexenone core of welwitindolinones via rhodium-catalyzed [5 + 1] cycloaddition Abstract: The cyclohexenone core of welwitindolinones was synthesized by a Rh(I)-catalyzed [5 + 1]-cycloaddition of an allenylcyclopropane with CO. A pentasubstituted cyclopropane was prepared successfully by a Rh(II)-catalyzed intramolecular cyclopropanation of alkenes with chlorodiazoacetates.	0
Abstract2class: Reductive ligation mediated one-step disulfide formation of S-nitrosothiols Abstract: A one-step reductive ligation mediated disulfide formation of S-nitrosothiols was developed. This reaction involves the reaction of the S-nitroso group with phosphine-thioesters to form sulfenamide and thiolate intermediates, which then undergo a fast intermolecular disulfide formation to form stable conjugates. This reaction can be used to design new biosensors of S-nitrosated proteins.	0
Abstract2class: A scalable synthesis of the IP7 isomer, 5-PP-Ins(1,2,3,4,6)P5 Abstract: The phosphorylated inositol diphosphates, including the diphosphoinositol pentakisphosphate regioisomers, play critical roles in signal transduction and cellular regulation. In particular, the IP(7) isomer 5-PP-Ins(1,2,3,4,6)P(5) is implicated in a nonenzymatic phosphate transfer converting a protein serine phosphate residue to a serine diphosphate. A scalable, practical new synthesis of 5-PP-Ins(1,2,3,4,6)P(5) is described that also allows access to a variety of IP(7) and IP(8) regioisomers. The identity of the synthetic 5-PP-Ins(1,2,3,4,6)P(5) was validated using IP6K1 to catalyze the conversion of IP(7) + ADP to ATP + IP(6).	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of geranylgeranylglyceryl phosphate enantiomers: substrates for characterization of 2,3-O-digeranylgeranylglyceryl phosphate synthase Abstract: To determine the enantioselectivity of (S)-2,3-di-O-geranylgeranylglyceryl phosphate synthase (DGGGPS) from the thermoacidophilic archaeon Sulfolobus solfataricus, we developed an efficient enantioselective route to the enantiomeric geranylgeranylglyceryl phosphates (R)-GGGP and (S)-GGGP. Previous routes to these substrates involved enzymatic conversions due to the lability of the polyprenyl chains toward common phosphorylation reaction conditions. The synthesis described herein employs a mild trimethyl phosphite/carbon tetrabromide oxidative phosphorylation to circumvent this problem. In contrast to previous results suggesting that only (S)-GGGP can act as the prenyl acceptor substrate, both (R)-GGGP and (S)-GGGP were found to be substrates for DGGGPS.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of (+/-)-strychnine via a [4 + 2]-cycloaddition/rearrangement cascade Abstract: A new strategy for the synthesis of the Strychnos alkaloid (+/-)-strychnine has been developed and is based on an intramolecular [4 + 2]-cycloaddition/rearrangement cascade of an indolyl-substituted amidofuran. The critical D-ring was assembled by an intramolecular palladium-catalyzed enolate-driven cross-coupling of an N-tethered vinyl iodide. [reaction: see text].	0
Abstract2class: An efficient synthesis of (+/-)-Lycoricidine featuring a Stille-IMDAF cycloaddition cascade Abstract: [reaction: see text] A highly efficient total synthesis of (+/-)-Lycoricidine is described. The synthesis features the ready preparation of the Lycoricidine skeleton by a Stille-IMDAF cycloaddition cascade. The resulting cycloadduct is then used for the stereocontrolled installation of the other functionality present in the C-ring of the target molecule.	0
Abstract2class: Radical [3 + 2]-annulation of divinylcyclopropanes: rapid synthesis of complex meloscine analogs Abstract: A radical [3 + 2]-divinylcyclopropane annulation cascade has been extended to encompass five D-ring variants of the meloscine/epimeloscine core structure. Representative ABCD tetracyclic intermediates were further elaborated with novel substituted E-rings through subsequent transformations of advanced intermediates that provided opportunities for late-stage variation of the B-ring (lactam) N-substituents which were also developed.	0
Abstract2class: Photooxidation of mixed aryl and biarylphosphines Abstract: Arylphosphines and dialkylbiarylphosphines react with singlet oxygen to form phosphine oxides and phosphinate esters. For mixed arylphosphines, the most electron-rich aryl group migrates to form the phosphinate, while for dialkylbiarylphosphines migration of the alkyl group occurs. Dialkylbiarylphosphines also yield arene epoxides, especially in electron-rich systems. Phosphinate ester formation is increased at high temperature, while protic solvents increase the yield of epoxide. The product distribution provides evidence for Buchwald's recent conformational model for the aerobic oxidation of dialkylbiarylphosphines.	0
Abstract2class: Tandem carbocupration/oxygenation of terminal alkynes Abstract: [chemical reaction: see text]. A direct and general synthesis of alpha-branched aldehydes and their enol derivatives is described. Carbocupration of terminal alkynes and subsequent oxygenation with lithium tert-butyl peroxide generates a metallo-enolate. Trapping with various electrophiles provides alpha-branched aldehydes or stereo-defined trisubstituted enol esters or silyl ethers. The tandem carbocupration/oxygenation tolerates alkyl and silyl ethers, esters, and tertiary amines. The reaction is effective with organocopper complexes derived from primary, secondary, and tertiary Grignard reagents and from n-butyllithium.	0
Abstract2class: Methylsulfonyl benzothiazole (MSBT): a selective protein thiol blocking reagent Abstract: A new thiol blocking reagent, methylsulfonyl benzothiazole, was discovered. This reagent showed good selectivity and high reactivity for protein thiols.	0
Abstract2class: One-pot thioether formation from S-nitrosothiols Abstract: Protein S-nitrosation is an important post-translational modification. However, the detection of S-nitrosation is still problematic because S-nitrosation products, that is, S-nitrosothiols, are unstable species. Here a new reaction which can selectively convert unstable S-nitrosothiols to stable thioethers in one-pot under very mild conditions is reported. This reaction has the potential to be applied in the detection of protein S-nitrosation.	0
Abstract2class: Enzyme-catalyzed macrocyclization of long unprotected peptides Abstract: A glutathione S-transferase (GST) catalyzed macrocyclization reaction for peptides up to 40 amino acids in length is reported. GST catalyzes the selective S(N)Ar reaction between an N-terminal glutathione (GSH, γ-Glu-Cys-Gly) tag and a C-terminal perfluoroaryl-modified cysteine on the same polypeptide chain. Cyclic peptides ranging from 9 to 24 residues were quantitatively produced within 2 h in aqueous pH = 8 buffer at room temperature. The reaction was highly selective for cyclization at the GSH tag, enabling the combination of GST-catalyzed ligation with native chemical ligation to generate a large 40-residue peptide macrocycle.	0
Abstract2class: Facile photocyclization chemistry of 5-phenylthio-2'-deoxyuridine in duplex DNA Abstract: We report here the synthesis of 5-phenylthio-2'-deoxyuridine (d(PhS)U), its incorporation into oligodeoxynucleotides (ODNs), and its photocyclization chemistry. Irradiation of dinucleoside monophosphate d((PhS)UG) and d(PhS)U-bearing duplex ODNs with 254 nm light results in the facile formation of a cyclic product where the C6 of uracil is covalently bonded to the C2 of the phenyl ring. The chemistry reported here may serve as the basis for the efficient preparation of a new class of duplex DNA with an extended pi system. [reaction: see text]	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis and biological evaluation of largazole and derivatives with promising selectivity for cancers cells Abstract: The efficient total synthesis of the natural substance largazole is described. Using this strategy, a small library of largazole analogs was developed. Structure-activity relationship studies suggested that the geometry of the alkene in the side chain is critical. While the largazole's analogues with trans-alkene are potent for the antiproliferative effect, those with cis-alkene are completely inactive. Most importantly, replacement of valine with tyrosine in largazole increased selectivity toward human cancer cells over human normal cells more than 100-fold.	0
Abstract2class: Gold-catalyzed intermolecular Markovnikov hydroamination of allenes with secondary amines Abstract: A cationic (CAAC)gold(I) complex promotes the addition of all types of nontertiary amines to a variety of allenes, affording allylic amines in good to excellent yields; the amino fragment always adds to the less substituted terminus of the CCC skeleton.	0
Abstract2class: Butyrolactone synthesis via polar radical crossover cycloaddition reactions: diastereoselective syntheses of methylenolactocin and protolichesterinic acid Abstract: A direct catalytic synthesis of γ-butyrolactones from simple alkene and unsaturated acid starting materials is reported. The catalytic system consists of the Fukuzumi acridinium photooxidant and substoichiometric quantities of a redox-active cocatalyst. Oxidizable alkenes such as styrenes and trisubstituted aliphatic alkenes are cyclized with unsaturated acids via polar radical crossover cycloaddition (PRCC) reactions. This method has been applied to the diastereoselective total synthesis of methylenolactocin and protolichesterinic acid.	0
Abstract2class: Allenamide hydro-hydroxyalkylation: 1,2-amino alcohols via ruthenium-catalyzed carbonyl anti-aminoallylation Abstract: Exposure of alcohols to allenamides in the presence of RuHCl(CO)(PPh(3))(3) and dippf [dippf = bis(diisopropylphosphino)ferrocene] results in hydrogen transfer to generate aldehyde-allylruthenium pairs, which engage in C-C coupling to form products of carbonyl aminoallylation as single anti-diastereomers.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of substituted 2-aminoimidazoles via Pd-catalyzed alkyne carboamination reactions. Application to the synthesis of preclathridine natural products Abstract: A new method for the synthesis of 2-aminoimidazole products is described. The heterocyclic products are generated in good yields via Pd-catalyzed carboamination reactions of N-propargyl guanidines and aryl triflates. This methodology generates both a C-N and C-C bond during the annulation step and facilitates the rapid construction of 2-aminoimidazole products with different aryl groups. The utility of this methodology was demonstrated in the total synthesis of preclathridine A, preclathridine B, and dorimidazole B from a single intermediate.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of cyclic guanidines via Pd-catalyzed alkene carboamination Abstract: A new approach to the synthesis of substituted 5-membered cyclic guanidines is described. Palladium-catalyzed alkene carboamination reactions between acyclic N-allyl guanidines and aryl or alkenyl halides provide these products in good yield. This method allows access to a number of different cyclic guanidine derivatives in only two steps from readily available allylic amines.	0
Abstract2class: Facile synthesis of the trans-fused azabicyclo[3.3.0]octane core of the palau'amines and the tricyclic core of the axinellamines from a common intermediate Abstract: A facile synthesis of the trans-fused azabicyclo[3.3.0]octane core of palau'amine and related pyrrole-imidazole alkaloids is described. Following gamma-lactam cleavage with concomitant epimerization at C12 of a previously reported tricycle, a facile intramolecular Mitsunobu reaction delivered the fully functionalized tricyclic core common to several members of the oroidin-derived alkaloids including palau'amine. An alternative cyclization of a related intermediate provides the tricyclic "aza-angular triquinane" core of the axinellamines.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of a backbone hexasaccharide fragment of the pectic polysaccharide rhamnogalacturonan I Abstract: Synthesis of the fully unprotected hexasaccharide backbone of the pectic polysaccharide rhamnogalacturonan I is described. The strategy relies on iterative coupling of a common pentenyl disaccharide glycosyl donor followed by a late-stage oxidation of the C-6 positions of the galactose residues. The disaccharide donor is prepared by an efficient chemoselective armed-disarmed coupling of a thiophenyl rhamnoside donor with a pentenyl galactoside acceptor bearing the strongly electron-withdrawing pentafluorobenzoyl ester (PFBz) protective group.	0
Abstract2class: Copper(II) carboxylate promoted intramolecular diamination of terminal alkenes: improved reaction conditions and expanded substrate scope Abstract: The copper(II) carboxylate promoted diamination reaction has been improved by the use of the organic soluble copper(II) neodecanoate [Cu(ND)2]. Cu(ND)2 allowed the less-polar solvent dichloroethane (DCE) to be used, and as a consequence, decomposition of less-reactive substrates could be avoided. High diastereoselectivity was observed in the synthesis of 2,5-disubstituted pyrrolidines. Ureas, bis(anilines), and alpha-amido pyrroles derived from 2-allylaniline could also participate in the diamination reaction.	0
Abstract2class: New WS9326A congeners from Streptomyces sp. 9078 inhibiting Brugia malayi asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase Abstract: Lymphatic filariasis is caused by the Brugia malayi parasite. Three new congeners of the depsipeptide WS9326A (1), WS9326C (2), WS9326D (3), and WS9326E (4), were isolated from Streptomyces sp. 9078 by using a B. malayi asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase (BmAsnRS) inhibition assay. WS9326D specifically inhibits the BmAsnRS, kills the adult B. malayi parasite, and does not exhibit significant general cytotoxicity to human hepatic cells, representing a new lead scaffold for antifilarial drug discovery.	0
Abstract2class: Tirandamycins from Streptomyces sp. 17944 inhibiting the parasite Brugia malayi asparagine tRNA synthetase Abstract: Lymphatic filariasis is caused by the parasitic nematodes Brugia malayi and Wuchereria bancrofti, and asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase (AsnRS) is considered an excellent antifilarial target. The discovery of three new tirandamycins (TAMs), TAM E (1), F (2), and G (3), along with TAM A (4) and B (5), from Streptomyces sp. 17944 was reported. Remarkably, 5 selectively inhibits the B. malayi AsnRS and efficiently kills the adult B. malayi parasite, representing a new lead scaffold to discover and develop antifilarial drugs.	0
Abstract2class: Palladium(II)-catalyzed dehydrogenative alkenylation of cyclic enaminones via the Fujiwara-Moritani reaction Abstract: A new Pd(II)-catalyzed dehydrogenative alkenylation reaction involving two alkenes was developed. A variety of nonaromatic, cyclic enaminones were successfully coupled to primary and secondary alkenes yielding a series of unique 1,3-dienes. The generality of this transformation presents a useful strategy for directly cross-coupling alkenes and offers an attractive new approach to functionalize enaminones.	0
Abstract2class: Syntheses of chloroisosulochrin and isosulochrin and biomimetic elaboration to maldoxin, maldoxone, dihydromaldoxin, and dechlorodihydromaldoxin Abstract: An efficient synthesis of chloroisosulochrin was accomplished using a novel ortho-selective chlorination of a phenol with sulfuryl chloride and 2,2,6,6-tetramethylpiperidine as the key step. Further elaboration by a biomimetic route converted chloroisosulochrin to dihydromaldoxin, maldoxone (lactone formed by dehydration of dihydromaldoxin), and maldoxin and isosulochrin to dechlorodihydromaldoxin and dechloromaldoxin.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of (+/-)-bistellettadine A Abstract: Esterification of the trienoic acid with o-xylylene dibromide gave the bis ester that underwent a templated Diels-Alder reaction to afford the macrodiolide stereospecifically in a single step. The synthesis of bistellettadine A was completed in four steps by hydrolysis and side chain elaboration.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of (+)- and (-)-monanchorin Abstract: The optically pure epoxy acetal was converted to the protected guanidino alcohol by reaction with NaN(3) in DMF, hydrogenation of the azide, and reaction of the amine with MeSC(NBoc)NHBoc, AgNO(3), and Et(3)N. Treatment of the protected guanidino alcohol with 9:1 CDCl(3)/TFA afforded monanchorin, whose absolute stereochemistry was assigned as shown.	0
Abstract2class: Total synthesis of natural (+)- [corrected] and ent-(-)-4-desacetoxy-6,7-dihydrovindorosine [corrected] and natural and ent-minovine: oxadiazole tandem intramolecular Diels-Alder/1,3-dipolar cycloaddition reaction Abstract: Efficient and unusually concise total syntheses of both enantiomers of the Aspidosperma alkaloids 4-desacetoxy-6,7-dihydrovindorosine (12) and minovine (1) are detailed. A tandem intramolecular Diels-Alder/1,3-dipolar cycloaddition reaction of the 1,3,4-oxadiazole 8, in which three new rings, four new C-C bonds, and five stereocenters are formed, is a key step in the sequence. The availability of optically active material permitted an assessment of the enantiomeric integrity of minovine and the source of its reported unusual optical rotation. [Reaction: see text]	0
Abstract2class: Rh(I)-catalyzed Pauson-Khand-type cycloaddition reaction of ene-vinylidenecyclopropanes with carbon monoxide (CO) Abstract: An intramolecular Pauson-Khand type cycloaddition reaction of ene-vinylidenecyclopropanes with carbon monoxide has been established by using [Rh(COD)Cl](2) as the catalyst. The reaction was found to be highly efficient in solvents of 1,2-dichloroethane and 1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethane to give excellent yields of 90-99%. The reaction provides easy access to a series of fused 6,5-ring structures containing spiro-cyclopropane units that are useful for drug design and development. A mechanism of this cycloaddition process has been proposed accounting for structures of resulting products that were unambiguously assigned by X-ray diffractional analysis.	0
Abstract2class: DNA polymorphism analysis of Brucella lipopolysaccharide genes reveals marked differences in O-polysaccharide biosynthetic genes between smooth and rough Brucella species and novel species-specific markers Abstract: Background:                       The lipopolysaccharide is a major antigen and virulence factor of Brucella, an important bacterial pathogen. In smooth brucellae, lipopolysaccharide is made of lipid A-core oligosaccharide and N-formylperosamine O-polysaccharide. B. ovis and B. canis (rough species) lack the O-polysaccharide.                  Results:                       The polymorphism of O-polysaccharide genes wbkE, manA(O-Ag), manB(O-Ag), manC(O-Ag), wbkF and wbkD) and wbo (wboA and wboB), and core genes manB(core) and wa** was analyzed. Although most genes were highly conserved, species- and biovar-specific restriction patterns were found. There were no significant differences in putative N-formylperosamyl transferase genes, suggesting that Brucella A and M serotypes are not related to specific genes. In B. pinnipedialis and B. ceti (both smooth), manB(O-Ag) carried an IS711, confirming its dispensability for perosamine synthesis. Significant differences between smooth and rough species were found in wbkF and wbkD, two adjacent genes putatively related to bactoprenol priming for O-polysaccharide polymerization. B. ovis wbkF carried a frame-shift and B. canis had a long deletion partially encompassing both genes. In smooth brucellae, this region contains two direct repeats suggesting the deletion mechanism.                  Conclusion:                       The results define species and biovar markers, confirm the dispensability of manB(O-Ag) for O-polysaccharide synthesis and contribute to explain the lipopolysaccharide structure of rough and smooth Brucella species.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and elimination of genomic regions irrelevant for magnetosome biosynthesis by large-scale deletion in Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense Abstract: Background:                       Magnetosome formation in the alphaproteobacterium Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense is controlled by more than 30 known mam and mms genes clustered within a large genomic region, the 'magnetosome island' (MAI), which also harbors numerous mobile genetic elements, repeats, and genetic junk. Because of the inherent genetic instability of the MAI caused by neighboring gene content, the elimination of these regions and their substitution by a compact, minimal magnetosome expression cassette would be important for future analysis and engineering. In addition, the role of the MAI boundaries and adjacent regions are still unclear, and recent studies indicated that further auxiliary determinants for magnetosome biosynthesis are encoded outside the MAI. However, techniques for large-scale genome editing of magnetic bacteria are still limited, and the full complement of genes controlling magnetosome formation has remained uncertain.                  Results:                       Here we demonstrate that an allelic replacement method based on homologous recombination can be applied for large-scale genome editing in M. gryphiswaldense. By analysis of 24 deletion mutants covering about 167 kb of non-redundant genome content, we identified genes and regions inside and outside the MAI irrelevant for magnetosome biosynthesis. A contiguous stretch of ~ 100 kb, including the scattered mam and mms6 operons, could be functionally substituted by a compact and contiguous ~ 38 kb cassette comprising all essential biosynthetic gene clusters, but devoid of interspersing irrelevant or problematic gene content.                  Conclusions:                       Our results further delineate the genetic complement for magnetosome biosynthesis and will be useful for future large-scale genome editing and genetic engineering of magnetosome biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of the expression level of transcription factor XylS reveals new functional insight into its induction mechanism at the Pm promoter Abstract: Background:                       XylS is the positive regulator of the inducible Pm promoter, originating from Pseudomonas putida, where the system controls a biochemical pathway involved in degradation of aromatic hydrocarbons, which also act as inducers. The XylS/Pm positive regulator/promoter system is used for recombinant gene expression and the output from Pm is known to be sensitive to the intracellular XylS concentration.                  Results:                       By constructing a synthetic operon consisting of xylS and luc, the gene encoding luciferase, relative XylS expression levels could be monitored indirectly at physiological concentrations. Expression of XylS from inducible promoters allowed control over a more than 800-fold range, however, the corresponding output from Pm covered only an about five-fold range. The maximum output from Pm could not be increased by introducing more copies of the promoter in the cells. Interestingly, a previously reported XylS variant (StEP-13), known to strongly stimulate expression from Pm, caused the same maximum activity from Pm as wild-type XylS at high XylS expression levels. Under uninduced conditions expression from Pm also increased as a function of XylS expression levels, and at very high concentrations the maximum activity from Pm was the same as in the presence of inducer.                  Conclusion:                       According to our proposed model, which is in agreement with current knowledge, the regulator, XylS, can exist in three states: monomers, dimers, and aggregates. Only the dimers are active and able to induce expression from Pm. Their maximum intracellular concentration and the corresponding output from Pm are limited by the concentration-dependent conversion into inactive aggregates. Maximization of the induction ratio at Pm can be obtained by expression of XylS at the level where aggregation occurs, which might be exploited for recombinant gene expression. The results described here also indicate that there might exist variants of XylS which can exist at higher active dimer concentrations and thus lead to increased expression levels from Pm.	0
Abstract2class: Properties and gene structure of a bifunctional cellulolytic enzyme (CelA) from the extreme thermophile 'Anaerocellum thermophilum' with separate glycosyl hydrolase family 9 and 48 catalytic domains Abstract: A large cellulolytic enzyme (CelA) with the ability to hydrolyse microcrystalline cellulose was isolated from the extremely thermophilic, cellulolytic bacterium 'Anaerocellum thermophilum'. Full-length CelA and a truncated enzyme species designated CelA' were purified to homogeneity from culture supernatants. CelA has an apparent molecular mass of 230 kDa. The enzyme exhibited significant activity towards Avicel and was most active towards soluble substrates such as CM-cellulose (CMC) and beta-glucan. Maximal activity was observed between pH values of 5 and 6 and temperatures of 95 degrees C (CM-cellulase) and 85 degrees C (Avicelase). Cellobiose, glucose and minor amounts of cellotriose were observed as end-products of Avicel degradation. The CelA-encoding gene was isolated from genomic DNA of 'A. thermophilum' by PCR and the nucleotide sequence was determined. The celA gene encodes a protein of 1711 amino acids (190 kDa) starting with the sequence found at the N-terminus of CelA purified from 'A. thermophilum'. Sequence analysis revealed a multidomain structure consisting of two distinct catalytic domains homologous to glycosyl hydrolase families 9 and 48 and three domains homologous to family III cellulose-binding domain linked by Pro-Thr-Ser-rich regions. The enzyme is most closely related to CelA of Caldicellulosiruptor saccharolyticus (sequence identities of 96 and 97% were found for the N- and C-terminal catalytic domains, respectively). Endoglucanase CelZ of Clostridium stercorarium shows 70.4% sequence identity to the N-terminal family 9 domain and exoglucanase CelY from the same organism has 69.2% amino acid identity with the C-terminal family 48 domain. Consistent with this similarity on the primary structure level, the 90 kDa truncated derivative CelA' containing the N-terminal half of CelA exhibited endoglucanase activity and bound to microcrystalline cellulose. Due to the significantly enhanced Avicelase activity of full-length CelA, exoglucanase activity may be ascribed to the C-terminal family 48 catalytic domain.	0
Abstract2class: Two new major subunits in the cellulosome of Clostridium thermocellum: xyloglucanase Xgh74A and endoxylanase Xyn10D Abstract: The structure and enzymic activity of xyloglucanase Xgh74A and endoxylanase Xyn10D, components in the cellulosomes of cellulose-grown Clostridium thermocellum, were determined. Xyn10D is a thermostable endo-1,4-beta-xylanase with a module composition identical to Xyn10C (CBM22-GH10-Doc). It hydrolyses xylan and mixed-linkage 1,3-1,4-beta-glucan with a temperature optimum of 80 degrees C. Xyloglucanase Xgh74A contains a catalytic module of GHF74 in addition to a C-terminal dockerin module. It hydrolyses every fourth beta-1,4-glucan bond in the xyloglucan backbone, thus producing decorated cellotetraose units. Its low activity on CMC and lack of activity on amorphous cellulose indicates recognition of the xylosidic side chains present in xyloglucan, which is readily hydrolysed (295 U mg(-1)). The pattern of the hydrolysis products from tamarind xyloglucan resembles that of other GHF74 xyloglucan endoglucanases. The data indicate that Xgh74A and Xyn10D contribute to the in vivo degradation of the hemicelluloses xyloglucan and xylan by the cellulosome of C. thermocellum. Xgh74A is the first xyloglucanase identified in C. thermocellum and the only enzyme in the cellulosome that hydrolyses tamarind xyloglucan.	0
Abstract2class: Two new cellulosome components encoded downstream of celI in the genome of Clostridium thermocellum: the non-processive endoglucanase CelN and the possibly structural protein CseP Abstract: Clostridium thermocellum produces a great number of extracellular cellulases which are free or cellulosome-bound. The nucleotide sequence of a gene cluster containing the genes celI, celN and cseP was determined from C. thermocellum strain F7. Gene products Cel9I and Cel9N are structurally related enzymes having a glycosyl hydrolase family 9 and a carbohydrate-binding module (CBM3c), but show characteristic differences: Cel9I is a non-cellulosomal protein with an additional CBM (CBM3b), whereas Cel9N contains a cellulosomal dockerin module and no additional CBM. Although Cel9I is a processive endoglucanase, Cel9N is non-processive. Both enzymes hydrolyse phosphoric acid swollen cellulose, but the products of hydrolysis are different. The CseP protein encoded in the gene cluster is the first component attached to the cellulosomal scaffoldin for which no catalytic activity could be detected. It was shown to be present in the cellulosome. Its sequence is homologous to the spore-coat assembly protein CotH of Bacillus subtilis, suggesting a structural role of CseP in the cellulosome.	0
Abstract2class: A newly described cellulosomal cellobiohydrolase, CelO, from Clostridium thermocellum: investigation of the exo-mode of hydrolysis, and binding capacity to crystalline cellulose Abstract: The sequence of the celO gene from Clostridium thermocellum F7 was determined. The gene product, cellulase CelO (Ct-Cel5F), had a modular structure consisting of a carbohydrate-binding module of the CBM3 family and a catalytic domain of the glycosyl hydrolase family 5. The presence of the dockerin module indicated that the enzyme was a component of the cellulosome complex. The thermostable recombinant gene product was active on cellodextrins, barley beta-glucan, carboxymethylcellulose and insoluble cellulose. Cellobiose was the only product released from amorphic and crystalline cellulose, cellotetraose and higher cello-oligosaccharides, identifying CelO as a cellobiohydrolase. The cleavage pattern of p-nitrophenyl beta-D-cellotetraoside, blockage of the hydrolysis of NaBH(4)-reduced cellopentaose and the reduction in substrate viscosity suggested activity from the reducing end in a processive mode after making random cuts. Binding to insoluble, i.e. amorphous, and crystalline cellulose was mediated by the carbohydrate-binding module CBM3b, with a preference for the crystalline substrate.	0
Abstract2class: The binding pattern of two carbohydrate-binding modules of laminarinase Lam16A from Thermotoga neapolitana: differences in beta-glucan binding within family CBM4 Abstract: Carbohydrate-binding modules (CBMs) are often part of the complex hydrolytic extracellular enzymes from bacteria and may modulate their catalytic activity. The thermostable catalytic domain of laminarinase Lam16A from Thermotoga neapolitana (glycosyl hydrolase family 16) is flanked by two CBMs, 148 and 161 aa long. They share a sequence identity of 30%, are homologous to family CBM4 and are thus called CBM4-1 and CBM4-2 respectively. Recombinant Lam16A proteins deleted for one or both binding modules and the isolated module CBM4-1 were characterized. Proteins containing the N-terminal module CBM4-1 bound to the soluble polysaccharides laminarin (1,3-beta-glucan) and barley 1,3/1,4-beta-glucan, and proteins containing the C-terminal module CBM4-2 bound additionally to curdlan (1,3-beta-glucan) and pustulan (1,6-beta-glucan), and to insoluble yeast cell wall beta-glucan. The activity of the catalytic domain on soluble 1,3-beta-glucans was stimulated by the presence of CBM4-1, whereas the presence of CBM4-2 enhanced the Lam16A activity towards gelatinized and insoluble or mixed-linkage 1,3-beta-glucan. Thermostability of the catalytic domain was not affected by the truncations. Members of family CBM4 can be divided into four subfamilies, members of which show different polysaccharide-binding specificities corresponding to the catalytic specificities of the associated hydrolytic domains.	0
Abstract2class: Thermotoga neapolitana bglB gene, upstream of lamA, encodes a highly thermostable beta-glucosidase that is a laminaribiase Abstract: The gene for thermostable 1,3-beta-glucosidase BglB was cloned from the chromosome of Thermotoga neapolitana and its primary sequence was determined. The purified recombinant beta-glucosidase B had a monomer molecular mass of 81 kDa in accordance with the amino acid sequence predicted from the nucleotide sequence of clone pTT51. It was a member of glycosylhydrolase family 3 and belonged to enzyme class EC 3.2.1.21. beta-Glucosidase B had a specific activity of 255 U mg-1 on 4-nitrophenyl(PNP)-beta-glucoside at the optima of pH (5.5) and temperature (90 degrees C), and K(m) values of 0.1, 10 and 50 mM for PNP-beta-glucoside, laminaribiose and cellobiose, respectively. The gene bglB was located immediately upstream of the laminarinase gene lamA. Both genes were transcribed from the same DNA strand and were not separated by a palindromic transcription terminator. The two purified enzymes 1,3-beta-glucosidase BglB (laminaribiase) and 1,3-beta-glucanase LamA (laminarinase) were together capable of completely degrading laminarin to glucose.	0
Abstract2class: Highly thermostable endo-1,3-beta-glucanase (laminarinase) LamA from Thermotoga neapolitana: nucleotide sequence of the gene and characterization of the recombinant gene product Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of clone pTT26 (3786 bp), containing the gene for 1,3-beta-glucanase LamA (laminarinase) from Thermotoga neapolitana, was determined. It contains an ORF encoding a protein of 646 aa (73328 Da). The central part of the protein is homologous to the complete catalytic domain of bacterial and some eukaryotic endo-1,3-beta-D-glucanases and belongs to family 16 of glycosyl hydrolases. This domain is flanked on both sides by one copy on each side of a substrate binding domain homologue (family II). The recombinant laminarinase protein was purified from Escherichia coli host cells in two forms, a 73 kDa and a processed 52 kDa protein, both having high specific activity towards laminarin (3100 and 2600 U mg-1, respectively) and K(m) values of 2.8 and 2.2 mg ml-1, respectively. Limited activity on 1,3-1,4-beta-glucan (lichenan) was detected (90 U mg-1). Laminarin was degraded in an endoglucanase modus, yielding glucose, laminaribiose and -triose as end products. Thus LamA classifies as an endo-1,3(4)-beta-glucanase (EC 3.2.1.6). The optimum temperature of the enzymes was 95 degrees C (73 kDa) and 85 degrees C (52 kDa) at an optimum pH of 6.2. The superior thermostability of the 73 kDa enzyme is demonstrated by incubation without substrate at 100 degrees C, where 57% of the initial activity remained after 30 min (82% at 95 degrees C). Thus, LamA is the most thermostable 1,3-beta-glucanase described to date.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial features of mature and abandoned soils in refractory clay deposits Abstract: Processes of soil restoration in anthropogenically disturbed soils is an urgent topic in modern ecology and nature management. Being mediator between mineral soil composition and plant vegetation, soil microbial community is important factor of soil restoration processes. Analysis of main soil nutrition components followed by 16S amplicon sequencing are sufficient methods for primary analysis of novel locations. Here is the primary analysis in a novel location in Northwest Europe (Russia). Main nutrition parameters (pH, P, Na and NH4+) and 16S rDNA Illumina amplicons were explored in abandoned soils from sandy pit quarry (2 sites) and refractory clay mining dumps (4 sites).Microbial communities of mature soils and dumps are variable and different in terms both nutritional and microbial components. pH, N and TOC are strong predictors for microbial composition. Dumps of refractory clays pQ_2 are non-developed soils, highly acidic and form specific microbial community. Differences between dumps and mature soils in both pre-quaternary and quaternary soils are connected with specific bacterial taxa. Those taxa are connected more with plant composition, not the soil properties themselves. The exact changes in microbial community are unique for different soils and areas.	0
Abstract2class: A kirromycin-resistant EF-Tu species reverses streptomycin dependence of Escherichia coli strains mutated in ribosomal protein S12 Abstract: Streptomycin dependence can be caused by mutations in ribosomal protein S12. Mutations suppressing such streptomycin dependence have been found in ribosomal proteins S4 and S5, and in 16S rRNA. Here a new suppressor mutation localized in elongation factor Tu (EF-Tu) is described, consistent with recent models of ribosome-EF-Tu-tRNA interaction at the decoding centre. The EF-Tu mutation was obtained by genetic selection for streptomycin independence; it was identified as Ala375 --> Thr, previously described as EF-TuA(R) and known to confer a kirromycin-resistant, error-prone phenotype. Also, other streptomycin-dependent (SmD) S12 mutations could be complemented by this mutation. The streptomycin-independent (Sm1) strain grows more slowly than the wild-type (wt), suggesting that not all the defects of the S12 mutation can be complemented by EF-Tu[A375T]. Moreover, this strain is more susceptible than wt to reduction in the cellular EF-Tu concentration, and disruption of tufB led to considerable growth-rate impairment. Expression of EF-Tu from tufB, not only of wt EF-Tu and EF-Tu[A375T] but, remarkably, also of EF-Tu[G222D], known as EF-TuB0 and defective in protein synthesis, equally contributed to cell growth. In vitro analysis revealed a decreased translational activity of wt EF-Tu with SmD ribosomes as compared to EF-Tu[A375T], while EF-Tu[G222D] showed no activity at all, just as with wt ribosomes. Possible mechanisms are discussed for the improved growth rate observed in such Sm1 strains when they include wt EF-Tu or EF-Tu[G222D].	0
Abstract2class: Insights into Clostridium phytofermentans biofilm formation: aggregation, microcolony development and the role of extracellular DNA Abstract: Biofilm formation is a critical component to the lifestyle of many naturally occurring cellulose-degrading microbes. In this work, cellular aggregation and biofilm formation of Clostridium phytofermentans, a cellulolytic anaerobic bacterium, was investigated using a combination of microscopy and analytical techniques. Aggregates included thread-like linkages and a DNA/protein-rich extracellular matrix when grown on soluble cellobiose. Similar dense biofilms formed on the surface of the model cellulosic substrate Whatman no. 1 filter paper. Following initially dispersed attachment, microcolonies of ~500 µm diameter formed on the filter paper after 6 days. Enzymic treatment of both the biofilm and cellular aggregates with DNase and proteinase resulted in significant loss of rigidity, pointing to the key role of extracellular DNA and proteins in the biofilm structure. A high-throughput biofilm assay was adapted for studying potential regulators of biofilm formation. Various media manipulations were shown to greatly impact biofilm formation, including repression in the presence of glucose but not the β(1→4)-linked disaccharide cellobiose, implicating a balance of hydrolytic activity and assimilation to maintain biofilm integrity. Using the microtitre plate biofilm assay, DNase and proteinase dispersed ~60 and 30 % of mature biofilms, respectively, whilst RNase had no impact. This work suggests that Clostridium phytofermentans has evolved a DNA/protein-rich biofilm matrix complementing its cellulolytic nature. These insights add to our current understanding of natural ecosystems as well as strategies for efficient bioprocess design.	0
Abstract2class: Robustness analysis of culturing perturbations on Escherichia coli colony biofilm beta-lactam and aminoglycoside antibiotic tolerance Abstract: Background:                       Biofilms are ubiquitous. For instance, the majority of medical infections are thought to involve biofilms. However even after decades of investigation, the in vivo efficacy of many antimicrobial strategies is still debated suggesting there is a need for better understanding of biofilm antimicrobial tolerances. The current study's goal is to characterize the robustness of biofilm antibiotic tolerance to medically and industrially relevant culturing perturbations. By definition, robust systems will return similar, predictable responses when perturbed while non-robust systems will return very different and potentially unpredictable responses. The predictability of an antibiotic tolerance response is essential to developing, testing, and employing antimicrobial strategies.                  Results:                       The antibiotic tolerance of Escherichia coli colony biofilms was tested against beta-lactam and aminoglycoside class antibiotics. Control scenario tolerances were compared to tolerances under culturing perturbations including 1) different nutritional environments 2) different temperatures 3) interruption of cellular quorum sensing and 4) different biofilm culture ages. Here, antibiotic tolerance was defined in terms of culturable biofilm cells recovered after a twenty four hour antibiotic treatment.Colony biofilm antibiotic tolerances were not robust to perturbations. Altering basic culturing parameters like nutritional environment or temperature resulted in very different, non-intuitive antibiotic tolerance responses. Some minor perturbations like increasing the glucose concentration from 0.1 to 1 g/L caused a ten million fold difference in culturable cells over a twenty four hour antibiotic treatment.                  Conclusions:                       The current study presents a basis for robustness analysis of biofilm antibiotic tolerance. Biofilm antibiotic tolerance can vary in unpredictable manners based on modest changes in culturing conditions. Common antimicrobial testing methods, which only consider a single culturing condition, are not desirable since slight culturing variations can lead to very different outcomes. The presented data suggest it is essential to test antimicrobial strategies over a range of culturing perturbations relevant to the targeted application. In addition, the highly dynamic antibiotic tolerance responses observed here may explain why some current antimicrobial strategies occasionally fail.	0
Abstract2class: The SPI2-encoded SseA chaperone has discrete domains required for SseB stabilization and export, and binds within the C-terminus of SseB and SseD Abstract: SseA, a key Salmonella virulence determinant, is a small, basic pI protein encoded within the Salmonella pathogenicity island 2 and serves as a type III secretion system chaperone for SseB and SseD. Both SseA partners are subunits of the surface-localized translocon module that delivers effectors into the host cell; SseB is predicted to compose the translocon sheath and SseD is a putative translocon pore subunit. In this study, SseA molecular interactions with its partners were characterized further. Yeast two-hybrid screens indicate that SseA binding requires a C-terminal domain within both partners. An additional central domain within SseD was found to influence binding. The SseA-binding region within SseB was found to encompass a predicted amphipathic helix of a type participating in coiled-coil interactions that are implicated in the assembly of translocon sheaths. Deletions that impinge upon this putative coiled-coiled domain prevent SseA binding, suggesting that SseA occupies a portion of the coiled-coil. SseA occupancy of this motif is envisioned to be sufficient to prevent premature SseB self-association inside bacteria. Domain mapping on the chaperone was also performed. A deletion of the SseA N-terminus, or site-directed mutations within this region, allowed stabilization of SseB, but its export was disrupted. Therefore, the N-terminus of SseA provides a function that is essential for SseB export, but dispensable for partner binding and stabilization.	0
Abstract2class: The dishwasher rubber seal acts as a reservoir of bacteria in the home environment Abstract: Background:                       In modern lifestyles, people make their everyday tasks easier by using household appliances, for example dishwashers. Previous studies showed massive contamination of dishwasher rubber seals with fungi, thus bacterial community, able to survive under harsh conditions, remain undetermined.                  Methods:                       Bacteria that colonise the extreme environment of household dishwasher rubber seals were investigated using cultivation-dependent and metagenomic approaches. All bacterial isolates were tested for resistance to seven selected antibiotics. Same time bacterial diversity of tap water, connected to the dishwashers was investigated.                  Results:                       All 30 dishwashers investigated were colonised by various bacteria. Cultivation approaches resulted in 632 bacterial isolates in total, belonging to four phyla, eight classes, 40 genera and 74 species. The majority were Gram-positive, as solely Firmicutes (dominated by the Bacillus cereus group) and Actinobacteria. Gammaproteobacteria were primarily represented by Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Escherichia coli. Metagenomic assessment of the bacterial biodiversity of the dishwasher rubber seals confirmed the predominance of Gram-positive bacteria, as primarily Actinobacteria, followed by Proteobacteria dominated by Gammaproteobacteria, and by pathogenic species such as Escherichia sp., Acinetobacter baumannii, Pseudomonas sp., Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, and Enterobacter sp.. Metagenomic assessment of bacterial biodiversity in the tap water connected to dishwashers revealed predominance of Gram-negative bacteria, in particular Proteobacteria, mainly represented by Tepidimonas sp.. Actinobacteria showed low numbers while no Firmicutes were detected in the tap water. The bacterial diversity of tap water was also lower, 23 genera compared to 39 genera on dishwasher rubber seals. Only 13 out of 49 genera identified by metagenomics approach was found in both environments, of those Gordonia was enriched while half of 13 genera were depleted in dishwashers compared to tap water.                  Conclusions:                       These data indicate that colonisation of dishwasher rubber seals probably depends primarily on the bacterial input from the dirty vessels, and much less on the bacteria in the tap water. Based on the antibiotic resistance data, the dishwasher rubber seal bacterial isolates do not represent a serious threat for the spread of antibiotic resistance into the household environment. Nevertheless dishwashers cannot be ignored as potential sources of human infections, in particular for immuno-compromised individuals.	0
Abstract2class: Uptake of amino acids by the parasitic, flagellated protist Trichomonas vaginalis Abstract: HPLC techniques have been applied to study amino acid uptake and release by Trichomonas vaginalis under a variety of conditions. Studies on the growth of T. vaginalis in complex media and the survival of the parasite in simple media, with and without amino acids and/or maltose, have shown that the growth or survival of T. vaginalis is better in the presence of maltose than when it is absent, and that greater amounts of amino acids are consumed by T. vaginalis in the absence of maltose. The results are consistent with several amino acids, notably arginine, threonine, leucine and methionine, being used by T. vaginalis as energy substrates. T. vaginalis released alanine and glycine into the culture media, the excretion being greater in the presence of maltose. These studies have provided new data on the uptake and release of amino acids by T. vaginalis and pave the way for detailed analysis of key enzymes and the regulation of the pathways involved.	0
Abstract2class: Proteus mirabilis fimbriae (PMF) are important for both bladder and kidney colonization in mice Abstract: Proteus mirabilis expresses different types of fimbriae simultaneously. Several fimbrial types have been described and their role in the colonization of the urinary tract is under study. Previously, P. mirabilis fimbriae (PMF) have been shown to be associated with bacterial colonization of the lower urinary tract but not of the kidneys. In this study, a pmfA mutant was generated and used in several in vivo and in vitro studies. Two different urinary tract infection models in the mouse and two in vitro assays of bacterial adhesion to uroepithelial cells were performed. Expression of PmfA in a collection of P. mirabilis strains of different sources was also assessed. The results shown here indicate that PMF are involved in both bladder and kidney colonization by P. mirabilis and that these fimbriae are widely distributed among P. mirabilis isolates from different origins since all strains tested expressed PmfA.	0
Abstract2class: The antimicrobial effect of Octenidine-dihydrochloride coated polymer tracheotomy tubes on Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa colonisation Abstract: Background:                       The surface of polymeric tracheotomy tubes is a favourable environment for biofilm formation and therefore represents a potential risk factor for the development of pneumonia after tracheotomy. The aim of this in-vitro study was to develop octenidine-dihydrochloride (OCT) coated polymer tracheotomy tubes and investigate any effects on Staphylococcus (S.) aureus and Pseudomonas (P.) aeruginosa colonization. Additionally the resistance of the OCT coating was tested using reprocessing procedures like brushing, rinsing and disinfection with glutaraldehyde                  Results:                       Contamination with S. aureus: Before any reprocessing, OCT coated tracheotomy tubes were colonized with 103 cfu/ml and uncoated tracheotomy tubes with 105 cfu/ml (P = 0.045). After reprocessing, no differences in bacterial concentration between modified and conventional tubes were observed.Contamination with P. aeruginosa: Before reprocessing, OCT coated tubes were colonized with 106 cfu/ml and uncoated tubes with 107 cfu/ml (P = 0.006). After reprocessing, no significant differences were observed.                  Conclusion:                       OCT coating initially inhibits S. aureus and P. aeruginosa colonisation on tracheotomy tubes. This effect, however, vanishes quickly after reprocessing of the tubes due to poor adhesive properties of the antimicrobial compound. Despite the known antimicrobial effect of OCT, its use for antimicrobial coating of tracheotomy tubes is limited unless methods are developed to allow sustained attachment to the tube.	0
Abstract2class: A 12.7 kb fragment of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis genome is not present in Mycobacterium bovis Abstract: Southern blotting, sequence analysis and PCR experiments showed that Mycobacterium bovis and Mycobacterium bovis BCG lack a 12.7 kb fragment present in the genome of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. This region is 337 bp downstream of the RD2 region, which was previously described as being absent from some M. bovis BCG strains. The 12.7 kb fragment should be useful as a target for a PCR test to differentiate M. tuberculosis and M. bovis. An analysis of the 12.7 kb region suggests that it represents a deletion in M. bovis rather than an insertion in M. tuberculosis. The deletion removes most of the mce-3 operon, one of four highly related operons which may be involved in cell entry, and therefore it may contribute to differences in virulence or host range in the two species.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular characterization of mycobacteria isolated from seals Abstract: Tuberculosis (TB) was diagnosed in 10 seals from three species (Arctocephalus australis, Arctocephalus tropicalis and Otaria flavescens) found in South America. The mycobacteria isolated from these cases belonged to the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex, as determined by RFLP using an IS6110 probe, spoligotyping, analysis of the 16S rRNA gene sequence and by PCR-restriction analysis of hsp65. Polymorphisms in gyrA, katG, oxyR and pncA were investigated in some of the isolates, as well as the presence of the MPB70 antigen. The insertion sequence IS6110 was present in three to seven copies in the genome of the mycobacteria isolated from seals. Using the IS6110 probe, six patterns (designated A, B, C, D, E and F) were identified from 10 different isolates. Patterns A and B were found for the mycobacteria isolated from two and four seals, respectively, indicating an epidemiological relationship between isolates grouped according to their IS6110 RFLP. The mycobacteria isolated from seals shared the majority of their IS6110 DNA-containing restriction fragments, and nine isolates had an identical spoligotype; only one isolate showed a minor difference in its spoligotype. In addition, none of these spoligotypes were found in other M. tuberculosis complex strains. These results suggest that the isolates from seals constitute a unique group of closely related strains. The mycobacteria isolated from seals showed polymorphisms at gyrA codon 95 and katG codon 463, as do group 1 M. tuberculosis, and M. bovis. Group 1 mycobacteria are associated with cluster cases. The spoligotypes found in the mycobacteria isolated from seals lack spacers 39-43, as does M. bovis, but the MPB70 antigen, which is highly expressed in M. bovis and minimally expressed in M. tuberculosis, was not detected in these mycobacteria. The mycobacteria isolated from seals also showed oxyR and pncA polymorphisms specific to M. tuberculosis. In conclusion, the mycobacteria that cause TB in seals in the South-Western Atlantic are a related group, and based on the combination of genetic characteristics, belong to a unique genotypic group within the M. tuberculosis complex.	0
Abstract2class: Phenotypic and genetic characterization of multidrug-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in the tropics of Southeast Asia Abstract: Antibiotic resistance has become a major public health problem throughout the world. The presence of antibiotic-resistant bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus and antibiotic resistance genes (ARGs) in hospital wastewater is a cause for great concern today. In this study, 276 Staph. aureus isolates were recovered from hospital wastewater samples in Malaysia. All of the isolates were screened for susceptibility to nine different classes of antibiotics: ampicillin, ciprofloxacin, gentamicin, kanamycin, erythromycin, vancomycin, trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole, chloramphenicol, tetracycline and nalidixic acid. Screening tests showed that 100 % of Staph.aureus isolates exhibited resistance against kanamycin, vancomycin, trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole and nalidixic acid. Additionally, 91, 87, 50, 43, 11 and 8.7 % of isolates showed resistance against erythromycin, gentamicin, ciprofloxacin, ampicillin, chloramphenicol and tetracycline, respectively. Based on these results, 100 % of isolates demonstrated multidrug-resistant (MDR) characteristics, displaying resistance against more than three classes of antibiotics. Of 276 isolates, nine exhibited resistance to more than nine classes of tested antibiotics; these were selected for antibiotic susceptibility testing and examined for the presence of conserved ARGs. Interestingly, a high percentage of the selected MDR Staph.aureus isolates did not contain conserved ARGs. These results indicate that non-conserved MDR gene elements may have already spread into the environment in the tropics of Southeast Asia, and unique resistance mechanisms against several antibiotics may have evolved due to stable, moderate temperatures that support growth of bacteria throughout the year.	0
Abstract2class: Uncultivated Tannerella BU045 and BU063 are slim segmented filamentous rods of high prevalence but low abundance in inflammatory disease-associated dental plaques Abstract: Uncultivated clones BU045 and BU063 and Tannerella forsythia, a 'consensus periodontal pathogen', are the closest known relatives within the genus Tannerella. They have been described to inhabit different ecological niches of the human oral cavity. In this study, fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) and immunofluorescence were combined to investigate the prevalence and abundance of BU045 and BU063 in comparison to T. forsythia in plaques from gingivitis, necrotizing ulcerative gingivitis (NUG) and chronic periodontitis. Phylotype-specific FISH probes identified BU045 and BU063 as elongated thin rods with a segmented structure. Two structurally similar and previously unknown, rare phylotypes (127+ and 997+) were also identified due to partial 16S rRNA sequence identity with T. forsythia. In gingivitis, NUG and periodontitis patients, BU045, BU063, 127+, 997+ and T. forsythia were detected with prevalences of 50/83/71/14 and 81%, 100/100/86/17 and 53%, and 100/100/12/0 and 100%, respectively. Supragingivally, colonization density of all five organisms was generally low, rarely exceeding 0.1% of the total biota. In periodontal pocket samples, however, cell numbers of T. forsythia, but not of the uncultivable phylotypes, were greatly elevated. Our data demonstrate that Tannerella phylotypes BU045, BU063, 127+ and 997+ consist of long slim rods with segments, which, with respect to FISH stainability, often behaved as independent units. The phylotypes are frequent but low-level colonizers of various periodontal disease-associated plaques. Their apparent inability to proliferate to high density seems to exclude any relevance for the pathogenesis of periodontal diseases.	0
Abstract2class: The gastric caeca of pentatomids as a house for actinomycetes Abstract: Background:                       Microbes are extensively associated with insects, playing key roles in insect defense, nutrition and reproduction. Most of the associations reported involve Proteobacteria. Despite the fact that Actinobacteria associated with insects were shown to produce antibiotic barriers against pathogens to the hosts or to their food and nutrients, there are few studies focusing on their association with insects. Thus, we surveyed the Actinobacteria diversity on a specific region of the midgut of seven species of stinkbugs (Hemiptera: Pentatomidae) known to carry a diversity of symbiotically-associated Proteobacteria.                  Results:                       A total of 34 phylotypes were placed in 11 different Actinobacteria families. Dichelops melacanthus held the highest diversity with six actinobacteria families represented by nine phylotypes. Thyanta perditor (n = 7), Edessa meditabunda (n = 5), Loxa deducta (n = 4) and Pellaea stictica (n = 3) were all associated with three families. Piezodorus guildini (n = 3) and Nezara viridula (n = 3) had the lowest diversity, being associated with two (Propionibacteriaceae and Mycobacteriaceae) and one (Streptomyceataceae) families, respectively. Corynebacteriaceae and Mycobacteriaceae were the most common families with phylotypes from three different insect species each one.                  Conclusions:                       Many phylotypes shared a low 16S rRNA gene similarity with their closest type strains and formed new phyletic lines on the periphery of several genera. This is a strong indicative that stinkbug caeca can harbor new species of actinobacteria, which might be derived from specific associations with the species of stinkbugs studied. Although the well-known role of actinobacteria as a source of biomolecules, the ecological features of these symbionts on the stinkbugs biology remain unknown.	0
Abstract2class: Genotyping of Mycobacterium tuberculosis clinical isolates in two cities of Turkey: description of a new family of genotypes that is phylogeographically specific for Asia Minor Abstract: Background:                       Population-based bacterial genetics using repeated DNA loci is an efficient approach to study the biodiversity and phylogeographical structure of human pathogens, such as Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the agent of tuberculosis. Indeed large genetic diversity databases are available for this pathogen and are regularly updated. No population-based polymorphism data were yet available for M. tuberculosis in Turkey, at the crossroads of Eurasia.                  Results:                       A total of 245 DNAs from Mycobacterium tuberculosis clinical isolates from tuberculosis patients residing in Turkey (Malatya n = 147 or Ankara n = 98) were genotyped by spoligotyping, a high-throughput genotyping method based on the polymorphism of the Direct Repeat locus. Thirty-three spoligotyping-defined clusters including 206 patients and 39 unique patterns were found. The ST41 cluster, as designated according to the international SpolDB3 database project, represented one fourth and when gathered to three genotypes, ST53, ST50 and ST284, one half of all the isolates. Out of 34 clinical isolates harboring ST41 which were further genotyped by IS6110 and by MIRU-VNTR typing, a typical 2-copy IS6110-RFLP pattern and a "215125113322" MIRU-VNTR pattern were observed among 21 clinical isolates. Further search in various databases confirms the likely Turkish-phylogeographical specificity of this clonal complex.                  Conclusion:                       We described a new phylogeographically-specific clone of M. tuberculosis, designated LAM7-TUR. Further investigations to assess its frequency within all regions of Turkey and its phylogeographical origin and phylogenetic position within the global M. tuberculosis phylogenetic tree will shed new light on its endemicity in Asia Minor.	0
Abstract2class: The distinctive cell division interactome of Neisseria gonorrhoeae Abstract: Background:                       Bacterial cell division is an essential process driven by the formation of a Z-ring structure, as a cytoskeletal scaffold at the mid-cell, followed by the recruitment of various proteins which form the divisome. The cell division interactome reflects the complement of different interactions between all divisome proteins. To date, only two cell division interactomes have been characterized, in Escherichia coli and in Streptococcus pneumoniae. The cell divison proteins encoded by Neisseria gonorrhoeae include FtsZ, FtsA, ZipA, FtsK, FtsQ, FtsI, FtsW, and FtsN. The purpose of the present study was to characterize the cell division interactome of N. gonorrhoeae using several different methods to identify protein-protein interactions. We also characterized the specific subdomains of FtsA implicated in interactions with FtsZ, FtsQ, FtsN and FtsW.                  Results:                       Using a combination of bacterial two-hybrid (B2H), glutathione S-transferase (GST) pull-down assays, and surface plasmon resonance (SPR), nine interactions were observed among the eight gonococcal cell division proteins tested. ZipA did not interact with any other cell division proteins. Comparisons of the N. gonorrhoeae cell division interactome with the published interactomes from E. coli and S. pneumoniae indicated that FtsA-FtsZ and FtsZ-FtsK interactions were common to all three species. FtsA-FtsW and FtsK-FtsN interactions were only present in N. gonorrhoeae. The 2A and 2B subdomains of FtsANg were involved in interactions with FtsQ, FtsZ, and FtsN, and the 2A subdomain was involved in interaction with FtsW.                  Conclusions:                       Results from this research indicate that N. gonorrhoeae has a distinctive cell division interactome as compared with other microorganisms.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and functional characterization of NifA variants that are independent of GlnB activation in the photosynthetic bacterium Rhodospirillum rubrum Abstract: The activity of NifA, the transcriptional activator of the nitrogen fixation (nif) gene, is tightly regulated in response to ammonium and oxygen. However, the mechanisms for the regulation of NifA activity are quite different among various nitrogen-fixing bacteria. Unlike the well-studied NifL-NifA regulatory systems in Klebsiella pneumoniae and Azotobacter vinelandii, in Rhodospirillum rubrum NifA is activated by a direct protein-protein interaction with the uridylylated form of GlnB, which in turn causes a conformational change in NifA. We report the identification of several substitutions in the N-terminal GAF domain of R. rubrum NifA that allow NifA to be activated in the absence of GlnB. Presumably these substitutions cause conformational changes in NifA necessary for activation, without interaction with GlnB. We also found that wild-type NifA can be activated in a GlnB-independent manner under certain growth conditions, suggesting that some other effector(s) can also activate NifA. An attempt to use Tn5 mutagenesis to obtain mutants that altered the pool of these presumptive effector(s) failed, though much rarer spontaneous mutations in nifA were detected. This suggests that the necessary alteration of the pool of effector(s) for NifA activation cannot be obtained by knockout mutations.	0
Abstract2class: The mycelium-associated Streptomyces reticuli catalase-peroxidase, its gene and regulation by FurS Abstract: During early stages of growth, Streptomyces reticuli synthesizes a hyphae-associated, haem-containing enzyme which exhibits catalase and peroxidase activities with broad substrate specificity (CpeB). The purified dimeric enzyme (160 kDa) consists of two identical subunits. Using anti-CpeB antibodies and an expression- as well as a mini-library, the corresponding cpeB gene was identified and sequenced. It encodes a protein of 740 aa with a molecular mass of 81.3 kDa. The deduced protein shares the highest level of amino acid identity with KatG from Caulobacter crescentus and Mycobacterium tuberculosis, and PerA from Bacillus stearothermophilus. Streptomyces lividans transformants carrying cpeB and the upstream-located furS gene with its regulatory region on the bifunctional vector pWHM3 produced low or enhanced levels of CpeB in the presence or absence of Fe ions, respectively. An in-frame deletion of the major part of furS induces increased CpeB synthesis. The data imply that FurS regulates the transcription of cpeB. The deduced FurS protein is rich in histidine residues, contains a putative N-terminally situated helix-turn-helix motif and has a molecular mass of 15.1 kDa. It shares only 29% amino acid identity with the Escherichia coli ferric uptake regulator (Fur) protein, but about 64% with FurA deduced from the genomic sequences of several mycobacteria. The predicted secondary structures of FurS and FurA are highly similar and considerably divergent from those of the E. coli Fur. In contrast to some Gram-negative bacteria, within several mycobacteria an intact furA gene or a furA pseudogene is upstream of a catalase-peroxidase (katG) gene predicted to encode a functional or a non-functional (Mycobacterium leprae) enzyme. Thus the data obtained for Streptomyces reticuli are expected to serve as an additional model to elucidate the regulation of mycobacterial catalase-peroxidase genes.	0
Abstract2class: A solute-binding protein for iron transport in Streptococcus iniae Abstract: Background:                       Streptococcus iniae (S. iniae) is a major pathogen that causes considerable morbidity and mortality in cultured fish worldwide. The pathogen's ability to adapt to the host affects the extent of infection, hence understanding the mechanisms by which S. iniae overcomes physiological stresses during infection will help to identify potential virulence determinants of streptococcal infection. Grow S. iniae under iron-restricted conditions is one approach for identifying host-specific protein expression. Iron plays an important role in many biological processes but it has low solubility under physiological condition. Many microorganisms have been shown to be able to circumvent this nutritional limitation by forming direct contacts with iron-containing proteins through ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters. The ABC transporter superfamilies constitute many different systems that are widespread among living organisms with different functions, such as ligands translocation, mRNA translation, and DNA repair.                  Results:                       An ABC transporter system, named as mtsABC (metal transport system) was cloned from S. iniae HD-1, and was found to be involved in heme utilization. mtsABC is cotranscribed by three downstream genes, i.e., mtsA, mtsB, and mtsC. In this study, we cloned the first gene of the mtsABC transporter system (mtsA), and purified the corresponding recombinant protein MtsA. The analysis indicated that MtsA is a putative lipoprotein which binds to heme that can serve as an iron source for the microorganism, and is expressed in vivo during Kunming mice infection by S. iniae HD-1.                  Conclusions:                       This is believed to be the first report on the cloning the ABC transporter lipoprotein from S. iniae genomic DNA. Together, our data suggested that MtsA is associated with heme, and is expressed in vivo during Kunming mice infection by S. iniae HD-1 which indicated that it can be a potential candidate for S. iniae subunit vaccine.	0
Abstract2class: IL-8 and IP-10 expression from human bronchial epithelial cells BEAS-2B are promoted by Streptococcus pneumoniae endopeptidase O (PepO) Abstract: Background:                       The bronchial epithelium serves as the first defendant line of host against respiratory inhaled pathogens, mainly through releasing chemokines (e.g. interleukin-8 (IL-8), interferon-induced protein 10 (IP-10) etc.) responsible for neutrophil or lymphocyte recruitment to promote the clearance of inhaled pathogens including Streptococcus pneumoniae (S. pneumoniae). Previous studies have shown that IL-8 expression is induced by pneumococcal virulence factors (e.g. pneumolysin, peptidoglycan-polysaccharides, pneumococcal surface protein A (PspA) etc.), which contributes to the pathogenesis of pneumonia. Whether other pneumococcal virulence factors are involved in inducing chemokines expression in epithelium is still unknown.                  Results:                       We studied the effect of PepO, a widely expressed and newly discovered pneumococcal virulence protein, on the release of proinflammatory cytokines, IL-8 and IP-10, from human bronchial epithelial cell line BEAS-2B and identified the relevant signaling pathways. Incubation of BEAS-2B with PepO resulted in increased synthesis and release of IL-8 and IP-10 in a dose and time independent manner. We also detected the increased and sustained expression of TLR2 and TLR4 transcripts in BEAS-2B stimulated by PepO. PepO activation leaded to the phosphorylation of MAPKs, Akt and p65. Pharmacologic inhibitors of MAPKs, PI3K and IκB-α phosphorylation attenuated IL-8 release, while IP-10 production was just suppressed by inhibitors of IκB-α phosphorylation, PI3K and P38 MAPK.                  Conclusion:                       These results suggest that PepO enhances IL-8 and IP-10 production in BEAS-2B in a MAPKs-PI3K/Akt-p65 dependent manner, which may play critical roles in the pathogenesis of pneumonia.	0
Abstract2class: EcpA, an extracellular protease, is a specific virulence factor required by Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola but not by X. oryzae pv. oryzae in rice Abstract: Previously, 12 protease-deficient mutants of the Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzicola (Xoc) RS105 strain were recovered from a Tn5-tagged mutant library. In the current study, the Tn5 insertion site in each mutant was mapped. Mutations in genes encoding components of the type II secretion apparatus, cAMP regulatory protein, integral membrane protease subunit, S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase proenzyme and extracellular protease (ecpA(Xoc)) either partially or completely abolished extracellular protease activity (ECPA) and reduced virulence in rice. Transcription of ecpA(Xoc) was induced in planta in all the mutants except RΔecpA. Complementation of RΔecpA with ecpA(Xoc) in trans restored ECPA, virulence and bacterial growth in planta. Purified EcpA(Xoc) induced chlorosis- and necrosis-like symptoms similar to those induced by the pathogen when injected into rice leaves. Heterologous expression of ecpA(Xoc) conferred ECPA upon the vascular bacterium X. oryzae pv. oryzae (Xoo) and upon non-pathogenic Escherichia coli. Genetic analysis demonstrated that the C-terminal residues of EcpA in Xoo PXO99(A) and Xoc RS105 are different, and a frame shift in ecpA(Xoo) may explain the absence of EcpA activity in Xoo. Collectively, these results suggest that EcpA(Xoc) is a tissue-specific virulence factor for Xoc but not Xoo, although the two pathovars are closely related bacterial pathogens of rice.	0
Abstract2class: Purification of two Bacillus subtilis proteins which cross-react with antibodies directed against eukaryotic protein kinase C, the His HPr kinase and trigger factor Abstract: As in eukaryotes, phosphorylation of Ser residues in proteins appears to be common phenomenon in bacteria. Surprisingly, however, very few Ser/Thr protein kinases have been identified and in this study antibodies directed against mammalian protein kinase C (PKC) have been used in attempts to isolate conserved Ser/Thr protein kinases. Using the mAb M7 against rat brain PKC, a single 70 kDa band was identified in total cell extracts of Bacillus subtilis by Western blotting after SDS-PAGE, whilst using polyclonal antibody alpha-PKC1p against Saccharomyces cerevisiae PKC a single 67 kDa band was identified by the same procedure. The two proteins were purified independently on the basis of antibody recognition employing two-dimensional gel electrophoresis as a final step, which allowed subsequent microsequencing. The 70 kDa band was thus identified as the phosphoenolpyruvate-dependent His HPr kinase, Enzyme 1 of the phosphotransferase system. This identity was confirmed using a mutant deleted for ptsl, encoding Enzyme 1. The 67 kDa protein was identified as a previously unknown B. subtilis 'trigger factor', homologous to an Escherichia coli protein-folding enzyme, peptidylprolyl cis-trans-isomerase implicated in cell division.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a gene cluster for antibacterial polyketide-derived antibiotic biosynthesis in the nystatin producer Streptomyces noursei ATCC 11455 Abstract: Streptomyces noursei ATCC 11455 produces the antifungal polyene antibiotic nystatin containing the deoxysugar moiety mycosamine. Part of the deoxythymidyl diphosphate (TDP)-glucose dehydratase gene (gdhA) known to be involved in deoxysugar biosynthesis was amplified by PCR from genomic DNA of S. noursei ATCC 11455. A gene library for S. noursei was made and screened with the gdhA probe. Several overlapping phage clones covering about 30 kb of the S. noursei genome were physically mapped. A partial DNA sequencing analysis of this region resulted in the identification of several putative genes typical of macrolide antibiotic biosynthetic gene clusters. A gene-transfer system for 5. noursei has been established, and gene deletion or disruption experiments within the putative biosynthetic gene cluster were performed. All of the knock-out mutants retained the ability to produce nystatin, suggesting that the identified gene cluster is not involved in biosynthesis of this antibiotic. Culture extracts from the wild-type strain and three knock-out mutants were analysed by TLC followed by a bioassay against Micrococcus luteus. Two antibacterial compounds were found to be synthesized by the wild-type strain while only one was produced by the mutants. This provided evidence for the involvement of the identified gene cluster in the biosynthesis of a presumably novel antibacterial macrolide antibiotic in S. noursei.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a complex context containing mecA but lacking genes encoding cassette chromosome recombinases in Staphylococcus haemolyticus Abstract: Background:                       Methicillin resistance determinant mecA is generally transferred by SCCmec elements. However, the mecA gene might not be carried by a SCCmec in a Staphylococcus haemolyticus clinical isolate, WCH1, as no cassette chromosome recombinase genes were detected. Therefore, the genetic context of mecA in WCH1 was investigated.                  Results:                       A 40-kb region containing mecA was obtained from WCH1, bounded by orfX at one end and several orfs of S. haemolyticus core chromosome at the other. This 40-kb region was very complex in structure with multiple genetic components that appeared to have different origins. For instance, the 3.7-kb structure adjacent to orfX was almost identical to that on the chromosome of Staphylococcus epidermidis RP62a but was absent from S. haemolyticus JCSC1435. Terminal inverted repeats of SCC were found but no ccr genes could be detected. mecA was bracketed by two copies of IS431, which was flanked by 8-bp direct target repeat sequence (DR).                  Conclusions:                       The presence of 8-bp DR suggests that the two copies of IS431 might have formed a composite transposon for mobilizing mecA. This finding is of significance as multiple copies of IS431 are commonly present in the contexts of mecA, which might have the potential to form various composite transposons that could mediate the mobilization of mecA. This study also provides an explanation for the absence of ccr in some staphylococci isolates carrying mecA.	0
Abstract2class: Xpert MTB/RIF assay for the diagnosis of rifampicin resistance in different regions: a meta-analysis Abstract: Background:                       To estimate the diagnostic accuracy of Xpert MTB/RIF for rifampicin resistance in different regions, a meta-analysis was carried out.                  Methods:                       Several databases were searched for relevant studies up to March 3, 2019. A bivariate random-effects model was used to estimate the diagnostic accuracy.                  Results:                       We identified 97 studies involving 26,037 samples for the diagnosis of rifampicin resistance. The pooled sensitivity, specificity and AUC of Xpert MTB/RIF for rifampicin resistance detection were 0.93 (95% CI 0.90-0.95), 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-0.98) and 0.99 (95% CI 0.97-0.99), respectively. For different regions, the pooled sensitivity were 0.94(95% CI 0.89-0.97) and 0.92 (95% CI 0.88-0.94), the pooled specificity were 0.98 (95% CI 0.94-1.00) and 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-0.99), and the AUC were 0.99 (95% CI 0.98-1.00) and 0.99 (95% CI 0.97-0.99) in high and middle/low income countries, respectively. The pooled sensitivity were 0.91 (95% CI 0.87-0.94) and 0.91 (95% CI 0.86-0.94), the pooled specificity were 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-0.99) and 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-0.99), and the AUC were 0.98 (95% CI 0.97-0.99) and 0.99 (95% CI 0.97-0.99) in high TB burden and middle/low prevalence countries, respectively.                  Conclusions:                       The diagnostic accuracy of Xpert MTB/RIF for rifampicin resistance detection was excellent.	0
Abstract2class: Microbe Profile: Euglena gracilis: photogenic, flexible and hardy Abstract: Euglena gracilis is a unicellular photosynthetic eukaryotic flagellate of the Discoba supergroup, which also encompasses Kinetoplastida and Diplonema. Plastids have green algal origin and are secondarily acquired. The nuclear genome is extremely large and many genes suggest multiple endosymbiotic/gene transfer events, i.e. derivation from prokaryotes of various lineages. E. gracilis is remarkably robust and can proliferate in environments contaminated with heavy metals and acids. Extraordinary metabolic plasticity and a mixotrophic lifestyle confers an ability to thrive in a broad range of environments, as well as facilitating production of many novel metabolites, making Euglena of considerable biotechnological importance.	0
Abstract2class: In vivo killing of Staphylococcus aureus using a light-activated antimicrobial agent Abstract: Background:                       The widespread problem of antibiotic resistance in pathogens such as Staphylococcus aureus has prompted the search for new antimicrobial approaches. In this study we report for the first time the use of a light-activated antimicrobial agent, methylene blue, to kill an epidemic methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (EMRSA-16) strain in two mouse wound models.                  Results:                       Following irradiation of wounds with 360 J/cm(2) of laser light (670 nm) in the presence of 100 microg/ml of methylene blue, a 25-fold reduction in the number of viable EMRSA was seen. This was independent of the increase in temperature of the wounds associated with the treatment. Histological examination of the wounds revealed no difference between the photodynamic therapy (PDT)-treated wounds and the untreated wounds, all of which showed the same degree of inflammatory infiltration at 24 hours.                  Conclusion:                       The results of this study demonstrate that PDT is effective at reducing the total number of viable EMRSA in a wound. This approach has promise as a means of treating wound infections caused by antibiotic-resistant microbes as well as for the elimination of such organisms from carriage sites.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of the Francisella tularensis subsp. novicida type IV pilus Abstract: Francisella tularensis causes the disease tularaemia. Type IV pili (Tfp) genes are present in the genomes of all F. tularensis subspecies. We show that the wild-type F. tularensis subsp. novicida expresses pilus fibres on its surface, and mutations in the Tfp genes pilF and pilT disrupt pilus biogenesis. Mutations in other Tfp genes (pilQ and pilG) do not eliminate pilus expression. A mutation in pilE4 eliminates pilus expression, whereas mutations in the other pilin subunits pilE1-3 and pilE5 do not, suggesting that pilE4 is the major pilus structural subunit. The virulence regulator MglA is required for pilus expression, and it regulates the transcription of a putative Tfp glycosylation gene (FTN0431). However, MglA does not regulate transcription of pilF, pilT or pilE4, and a strain lacking FTN0431 still expresses pili; thus, it is unclear how MglA regulates pilus expression. Only pilF was also required for protein secretion, while pilE4 and pilT were not, indicating that there is very little overlap of the protein secretion/Tfp functions of the pil genes. The protein secretion component pilE1 was more important for in vitro intramacrophage growth and mouse virulence than the Tfp component pilE4. Our results provide the first genetic characterization of the novel Tfp system of F. tularensis.	0
Abstract2class: Investigation of the physiological relationship between the cyanide-insensitive oxidase and cyanide production in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Pseudomonas aeruginosa is an opportunistic pathogen which demonstrates considerable respiratory versatility, possessing up to five terminal oxidases. One oxidase, the cyanide-insensitive oxidase (CIO), has been previously shown to be resistant to the potent respiratory inhibitor cyanide, a toxin that is synthesized by this bacterium. This study investigated the physiological relationship between hydrogen cyanide production and the CIO. It was found that cyanide is produced in P. aeruginosa at similar levels irrespective of its complement of CIO, indicating that the CIO is not an obligatory electron sink for cyanide synthesis. However, MICs for cyanide and growth in its presence demonstrated that the CIO provides P. aeruginosa with protection against the effects of exogenous cyanide. Nevertheless, the presence of cyanide did not affect the viability of cio mutant strains compared to the wild-type during prolonged incubation in stationary phase. The detection of the fermentation end products acetate and succinate in stationary-phase culture supernatants suggests that P. aeruginosa, irrespective of its CIO complement, may in part rely upon fermentation for energy generation in stationary phase. Furthermore, the decrease in cyanide levels during incubation in sealed flasks suggested that active breakdown of HCN by the culture was taking place. To investigate the possibility that the CIO may play a role in pathogenicity, wild-type and cio mutant strains were tested in the paralytic killing model of Caenorhabditis elegans, a model in which cyanide is the principal toxic agent leading to nematode death. The CIO mutant had delayed killing kinetics, demonstrating that the CIO is required for full pathogenicity of P. aeruginosa in this animal model.	0
Abstract2class: An improved assay for rapid detection of viable Staphylococcus aureus cells by incorporating surfactant and PMA treatments in qPCR Abstract: Background:                       Staphylococcus aureus is an important human pathogen causing a variety of life-threatening diseases. Rapid and accurate detection of Staphylococcus aureus is a necessity for prevention of outbreaks caused by this pathogen. PCR is a useful tool for rapid detection of foodborne pathogens, however, its inability to differentiate DNA from dead cells and live cells in amplification severely limits its application in pathogen detection. The aim of this study was to develop an improved assay was developed by incorporating the sample treatments with a surfactant and propidium monoazide (PMA) in qPCR for detection of viable S. aureus cells.                  Results:                       The cell toxic effect testing with the two surfactants showed that the viability of S. aureus was virtually not affected by the treatment with 0.5% triton x-100 or 0.025% sarkosyl. Triton x-100 was coupled with PMA for sample treatments for detection of viable S. aureus cells in artificially contaminated milk. The qPCR results indicated that the assay reached high an amplification efficiency of 98.44% and the live S. aureus cells were accurately detected from the triton-treated spiked milk samples by the PMA-qPCR assay.                  Conclusions:                       The qPCR assay combined with treatments of PMA and surfactants offers a sensitive and accurate means for detection of viable S. aureus cells. Cell toxic effect testing with the two surfactants showed that the viability of S. aureus was virtually not affected by the treatment with 0.5% triton x-100 or 0.025% sarkosyl. The information on sample treatment with surfactants to improve the dead cell DNA removal efficiency in qPCR by increasing PMA's permeability to dead cells can be used for other pathogens, especially for Gram-positive bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Heterologous production of the antifungal polyketide antibiotic soraphen A of Sorangium cellulosum So ce26 in Streptomyces lividans Abstract: The antifungal polyketide soraphen A is produced by the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum So ce26. The slow growth, swarming motility and general intransigence of the strain for genetic manipulations make industrial strain development, large-scale fermentation and combinatorial biosynthetic manipulation of the soraphen producer very challenging. To provide a better host for soraphen A production and molecular engineering, the biosynthetic gene cluster for this secondary metabolite was integrated into the chromosome of Streptomyces lividans ZX7. The upstream border of the gene cluster in Sor. cellulosum was defined by disrupting sorC, which is proposed to take part in the biosynthesis of methoxymalonyl-coenzyme A, to yield a Sor. cellulosum strain with abolished soraphen A production. Insertional inactivation of orf2 further upstream of sorC had no effect on soraphen A production. The genes sorR, C, D, F and E thus implicated in soraphen biosynthesis were then introduced into an engineered Str. lividans strain that carried the polyketide synthase genes sorA and sorB, and the methyltransferase gene sorM integrated into its chromosome. A benzoate-coenzyme A ligase from Rhodopseudomonas palustris was also included in some constructs. Fermentations with the engineered Str. lividans strains in the presence of benzoate and/or cinnamate yielded soraphen A. Further feeding experiments were used to delineate the biosynthesis of the benzoyl-coenzyme A starter unit of soraphen A in the heterologous host.	0
Abstract2class: Did granny know best? Evaluating the antibacterial, antifungal and antiviral efficacy of acetic acid for home care procedures Abstract: Background:                       Acetic acid has been used to clean and disinfect surfaces in the household for many decades. The antimicrobial efficacy of cleaning procedures can be considered particularly important for young, old, pregnant, immunocompromised people, but may also concern other groups, particularly with regards to the COVID-19 pandemics. This study aimed to show that acetic acid exhibit an antibacterial and antifungal activity when used for cleaning purposes and is able to destroy certain viruses. Furthermore, a disinfecting effect of laundry in a simulated washing cycle has been investigated.                  Results:                       At a concentration of 10% and in presence of 1.5% citric acid, acetic acid showed a reduction of > 5-log steps according to the specifications of DIN EN 1040 and DIN EN 1275 for the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, E. coli, S. aureus, L. monocytogenes, K. pneumoniae, E. hirae and A. brasiliensis. For MRSA a logarithmic reduction of 3.19 was obtained. Tests on surfaces according to DIN EN 13697 showed a complete reduction (> 5-log steps) for P. aeruginosa, E. coli, S. aureus, E. hirae, A. brasiliensis and C. albicans at an acetic acid concentration of already 5%. Virucidal efficacy tests according to DIN EN 14476 and DIN EN 16777 showed a reduction of ≥4-log-steps against the Modified Vaccinia virus Ankara (MVA) for acetic acid concentrations of 5% or higher. The results suggest that acetic acid does not have a disinfecting effect on microorganisms in a dosage that is commonly used for cleaning. However, this can be achieved by increasing the concentration of acetic acid used, especially when combined with citric acid.                  Conclusions:                       Our results show a disinfecting effect of acetic acid in a concentration of 10% and in presence of 1.5% citric acid against a variety of microorganisms. A virucidal effect against enveloped viruses could also be proven. Furthermore, the results showed a considerable antimicrobial effect of acetic acid when used in domestic laundry procedures.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of cryptic prophages (monocins) in Listeria and sequence analysis of a holin/endolysin gene Abstract: Monocins in Listeria were induced by UV-irradiation of liquid cultures, and defective phage particles were purified from the lysates. Electron microscopy showed flexible, non-contractile bacteriophage-tail-like particles, consisting of specific proteins of molecular mass 20-45 kDa and pI 4.6-6.7. These particles were able to lyse listerial cells. DNA sequence homologies between chromosomal DNA of monocin-producing strains and labelled Listeria phage DNAs were inferred from DNA/DNA hybridizations, suggesting that most of the prophage DNA is still present in the listerial chromosome. An endolysin gene cpl2438 was cloned from listerial chromosomal DNA and was identified by its expression of lytic activity against Listeria cells in a bioassay. The gene consists of 864 nt encoding a protein of 287 aa with a calculated molecular mass of 32975 Da (CPL2438). This is in good agreement with the size of a protein observed in SDS-PAGE after overexpression of the lytic protein in Escherichia coli. The nucleotide sequence of a putative holin gene (hol2438, 291 nt) upstream of cpl2438 was determined after PCR-amplification of listerial DNA and it shows typical features common to the holin gene family. Expression of the encoded protein (HOL2438, 95 aa, 10.1 kDa) in E. coli was found to be lethal for the host cells. The results underline the close relationship between monocins and intact Listeria bacteriophages, indicating that monocins are incompletely assembled phage particles derived from cryptic prophages of Listeria, probably including the phage lysin.	0
Abstract2class: Production and properties of the native Chromobacterium violaceum fucose-binding lectin (CV-IIL) compared to homologous lectins of Pseudomonas aeruginosa (PA-IIL) and Ralstonia solanacearum (RS-IIL) Abstract: Chromobacterium violaceum is a versatile, violet pigment (violacein)-producing beta-proteobacterium, confined to tropical and subtropical regions, dwelling in soil and water, like Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Ralstonia solanacearum. These three bacteria are saprophytes that occasionally become aggressive opportunistic pathogens virulently attacking animals (the first two) and plants (the third). The recent availability of their genome sequences enabled identification in the C. violaceum genome of an ORF (locus no. 1744) that is similar to those of P. aeruginosa and R. solanacearum lectins, PA-IIL and RS-IIL, respectively. A recombinant protein, CV-IIL, encoded by that ORF exhibited fucose>mannose-specific lectin activity resembling PA-IIL. This paper describes production and properties of the native CV-IIL, which, like PA-IIL and RS-IIL, is probably also a quorum-sensing-driven secondary metabolite, appearing concomitantly with violacein. Its formation is repressed in the CV026 mutant of C. violaceum, which lacks endogenous N-acylhomoserine lactone. The upstream extragenic sequence of its ORF contains a 20 bp sequence (5'-101-120) with partial similarities to the luxI-box and the related P. aeruginosa and R. solanacearum promoter boxes of quorum-sensing-controlled genes. The lectin level is augmented by addition of trehalose to the medium. The subunit size of CV-IIL (around 11.86 kDa) is similar to those of PA-IIL (11.73 kDa) and RS-IIL (11.60 kDa). Like PA-IIL, in the tetrameric form CV-IIL preferentially agglutinates alpha1-2 fucosylated H-positive human erythrocytes (regardless of their A, B or O type), as opposed to the O(h) Bombay type, but differs from it in having no interaction with rabbit erythrocytes and in displaying stronger affinity to l-galactose than to l-fucose. The greater similarity of CV-IIL to PA-IIL than to RS-IIL might be related to the selective adaptation of both C. violaceum and P. aeruginosa to animal tissues versus the preferential homing of R. solanacearum to plants.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide polymorphism assay for the identification of west African group Bacillus anthracis: a lineage lacking anthrose Abstract: Background:                       The exosporium of the anthrax-causing Bacillus anthracis endospores display a tetrasaccharide composed of three rhamnose residues and an unusual sugar termed anthrose. Anthrose is a proposed potential target for immunotherapy and for specific detection of B. anthracis. Although originally thought to be ubiquitous in B. anthracis, previous work identified an anthrose negative strain from a West African lineage isolated from cattle that could represent a vaccine escape mutant. These strains carry genes required for expression of the anthrose operon but premature stop codons resulting from an 8-bp insertion in BAS3320 (an amino-transferase) and a C/T substitution at position 892 of the BAS3321 (a glycosyltransferase) gene prevent anthrose expression. Various other single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) have been identified throughout the operon and could be the basis for detection of anthrose-deficient strains.                  Results:                       In this study, we evaluated rhAmp genotypic assays based on SNPs at positions 892 and 1352 of BAS3321 for detection and differentiation of anthrose negative (Ant-) West African strains. Discrimination of anthrose negative West African isolates was achieved with as low as 100 fg of DNA, whereas consistent genotyping of Sterne necessitated at least 1 pg of DNA.                  Conclusions:                       Screening of a global panel of B. anthracis isolates showed anthrose-expressing alleles are prevalent worldwide whereas the anthrose-deficient phenotype is to date limited to West Africa. Our work also revealed a third, previously unreported anthrose genotype in which the operon is altogether missing from a Polish B. anthracis isolate.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence and characterization of the Rhodobacter sphaeroides glnB and glnA genes Abstract: The glnA gene of Rhodobacter sphaeroides encoding glutamine synthetase (GS) has been cloned and sequenced. Molecular analysis revealed that there is a glnB gene upstream of glnA, in a single glnBA operon. A putative glnAp1-type promoter sequence, a consensus ntrC gene product binding site and a consensus upstream activator sequence were detected upstream of the glnB gene. The deduced amino acid sequences of the GS and GlnB proteins of R. sphaeroides showed strong homology with the same proteins from other Gram-negative bacteria. The sequence of the glnA gene isolated from glutamine auxotroph Gln83 was also determined. The glnA83 mutation was shown to result in premature termination of GS synthesis and formation of a 17 kDa C-truncated GS which could be complemented by a 5'-truncated glnA gene which encodes a 30 kDa N-truncated GS. This phenomenon is characteristic for interallelic complementation.	0
Abstract2class: A ring-like nucleoid is not necessary for radioresistance in the Deinococcaceae Abstract: Background:                       Transmission electron microscopy images of Deinococcus radiodurans R1 suggest that the nucleoid of this species exists as a "ring-like" body, and have led to speculation that this structure contributes to the radioresistance of the species. Since extreme radioresistance is characteristic of six other species of Deinococcus, we have attempted to correlate nucleoid morphology and radioresistance by determining whether the genomic DNA of each of these species exhibit similar structures.                  Results:                       The nucleoid morphologies of seven recognized species of Deinococcus, the radioresistant bacterium Rubrobacter radiotolerans, and the more radiosensitive deinococcal relative Thermus aquaticus were evaluated using epifluorescence and deconvolution techniques. Although the nucleoids of Deinococcus murrayi, Deinococcus proteolyticus, Deinococcus radiophilus, and Deinococcus grandis have structures similar to D. radiodurans, the majority of nucleoids found in Deinococcus radiopugnans and Deinococcus geothermalis lack any specific organization. The nucleoid of R. radiotolerans consists of multiple highly condensed spheres of DNA scattered throughout the cell. The genomic DNA of Thermus aquaticus is uniformly distributed throughout the cell.                  Conclusion:                       There is no obvious relationship between the shape of a species' nucleoid and extreme radioresistance. However, the genomes of all extremely radioresistance species examined are highly condensed relative to more radiosensitive species. Whether DNA in this tightly packed configuration contributes to the radioresistance of these bacteria remains unknown, but this common structural feature appears to limit diffusion of fragments generated post-irradiation even in cells incapable of repairing strand breaks.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of prophylactic administration of bacteriophages to immunosuppressed mice infected with Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Background:                       Bacteriophages can be successfully applied to treat infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria. Until now no attempts have been undertaken to treat infections in immunosuppressed patients with phages. In this work we investigated the prophylactic efficacy of specific bacteriophages in CBA mice treated with cyclophosphamide (CP) and infected with Staphylococcus aureus.                  Results:                       High numbers of bacterial colony-forming units in the organs as well as elevated tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-6 serum concentrations in CP-treated and S. aureus-infected mice were significantly lowered upon application of phages. The phages markedly increased the percentage of circulating neutrophils and immature cells from the myelocytic and lymphocytic lineages in CP-treated, S. aureus-infected mice as well as of myelocytes and immature neutrophils in the bone marrow. In addition, phages stimulated in such mice generation of specific agglutinins against S. aureus.                  Conclusion:                       Application of specific phages to immunosuppressed mice prior to infection with S. aureus proved very effective, suggesting a potential benefit of phage therapy in immunocompromised patients experiencing bacterial infections.	0
Abstract2class: The type III protein secretion system contributes to Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri biofilm formation Abstract: Background:                       Several bacterial plant pathogens colonize their hosts through the secretion of effector proteins by a Type III protein secretion system (T3SS). The role of T3SS in bacterial pathogenesis is well established but whether this system is involved in multicellular processes, such as bacterial biofilm formation has not been elucidated. Here, the phytopathogen Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri (X. citri) was used as a model to gain further insights about the role of the T3SS in biofilm formation.                  Results:                       The capacity of biofilm formation of different X. citri T3SS mutants was compared to the wild type strain and it was observed that this secretion system was necessary for this process. Moreover, the T3SS mutants adhered proficiently to leaf surfaces but were impaired in leaf-associated growth. A proteomic study of biofilm cells showed that the lack of the T3SS causes changes in the expression of proteins involved in metabolic processes, energy generation, exopolysaccharide (EPS) production and bacterial motility as well as outer membrane proteins. Furthermore, EPS production and bacterial motility were also altered in the T3SS mutants.                  Conclusions:                       Our results indicate a novel role for T3SS in X. citri in the modulation of biofilm formation. Since this process increases X. citri virulence, this study reveals new functions of T3SS in pathogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Insights into xanthomonas axonopodis pv. citri biofilm through proteomics Abstract: Background:                       Xanthomonas axonopodis pv. citri (X. a. pv. citri) causes citrus canker that can result in defoliation and premature fruit drop with significant production losses worldwide. Biofilm formation is an important process in bacterial pathogens and several lines of evidence suggest that in X. a. pv. citri this process is a requirement to achieve maximal virulence since it has a major role in host interactions. In this study, proteomics was used to gain further insights into the functions of biofilms.                  Results:                       In order to identify differentially expressed proteins, a comparative proteomic study using 2D difference gel electrophoresis was carried out on X. a. pv. citri mature biofilm and planktonic cells. The biofilm proteome showed major variations in the composition of outer membrane proteins and receptor or transport proteins. Among them, several porins and TonB-dependent receptor were differentially regulated in the biofilm compared to the planktonic cells, indicating that these proteins may serve in maintaining specific membrane-associated functions including signaling and cellular homeostasis. In biofilms, UDP-glucose dehydrogenase with a major role in exopolysaccharide production and the non-fimbrial adhesin YapH involved in adherence were over-expressed, while a polynucleotide phosphorylase that was demonstrated to negatively control biofilm formation in E. coli was down-regulated. In addition, several proteins involved in protein synthesis, folding and stabilization were up-regulated in biofilms. Interestingly, some proteins related to energy production, such as ATP-synthase were down-regulated in biofilms. Moreover, a number of enzymes of the tricarboxylic acid cycle were differentially expressed. In addition, X. a. pv. citri biofilms also showed down-regulation of several antioxidant enzymes. The respective gene expression patterns of several identified proteins in both X. a. pv. citri mature biofilm and planktonic cells were evaluated by quantitative real-time PCR and shown to consistently correlate with those deduced from the proteomic study.                  Conclusions:                       Differentially expressed proteins are enriched in functional categories. Firstly, proteins that are down-regulated in X. a. pv. citri biofilms are enriched for the gene ontology (GO) terms 'generation of precursor metabolites and energy' and secondly, the biofilm proteome mainly changes in 'outer membrane and receptor or transport'. We argue that the differentially expressed proteins have a critical role in maintaining a functional external structure as well as enabling appropriate flow of nutrients and signals specific to the biofilm lifestyle.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of alkaline growth pH on the expression of cell envelope proteins in Fusobacterium nucleatum Abstract: Fusobacterium nucleatum is a Gram-negative anaerobic organism that plays a central role in the development of periodontal diseases. The progression of periodontitis is associated with a rise in pH of the gingival sulcus which promotes the growth and expression of virulence factors by periodontopathic bacteria. We have previously reported that the expression of specific cytoplasmic proteins is altered by a shift in growth pH. In the present study we have compared cell envelope protein expression of F. nucleatum during chemostat growth at pH 7.2 and 7.8. From a total of 176 proteins resolved from the cell envelope, 15 were found to have altered expression in response to an increase in growth pH and were identified by MS. Upregulated proteins included an outer membrane porin which has been identified as playing a role in virulence, a periplasmic chaperone which assists in the folding of outer membrane proteins, and a transporter thought to be involved with iron uptake. Proteins downregulated at pH 7.8 were consistent with our previous findings that the bacterium reduces its catabolism of energy-yielding substrates in favour of energy-storage pathways. Among the downregulated proteins, two transporters which are involved in the uptake of C4 dicarboxylates and phosphate were identified. A putative protease and an enzyme associated with the metabolism of glutamate were also identified. A high proportion of the cell envelope proteins suggested by these data to play a role in the organism's response to alkaline growth pH may have arisen by lateral gene transfer. This would support the hypothesis that genes that provide an ability to adapt to the changing conditions of the oral environment may be readily shared between oral bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: The proteomic profile of Fusobacterium nucleatum is regulated by growth pH Abstract: Fusobacterium nucleatum is a saccharolytic Gram-negative anaerobic organism believed to play an important role in the microbial succession associated with the development of periodontal disease. Its genome contains niche-specific genes shared with the other inhabitants of dental plaque, which may help to explain its ability to survive and grow in the changing environmental conditions experienced in the gingival sulcus during the transition from health to disease. The pH of the gingival sulcus increases during the development of periodontitis and this is thought to occur by the metabolism of nutrients supplied by gingival crevicular fluid. In comparison with other plaque inhabitants, F. nucleatum has the greatest ability to neutralize acidic environments. The differential expression of soluble cytoplasmic proteins induced by acidic (pH 6.4) or basic (pH 7.4 and 7.8) conditions, during long-term anaerobic growth in a chemostat, was identified by two-dimensional gel electrophoresis and image analysis software. Twenty-two proteins, found to have altered expression in response to external pH, were identified by tryptic digestion and mass spectrometry. Eight differentially expressed proteins associated with increased energy (ATP) production via the 2-oxoglutarate and Embden-Meyerhof pathways appeared to be directed towards either cellular biosynthesis or the maintenance of internal homeostasis. Overall, these results represent the first proteomic investigation of F. nucleatum and the identification of gene products which may be important in the organism's persistence during the transition from health to disease in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: Escherichia coli RNase II: characterization of the promoters involved in the transcription of rnb Abstract: The rnb gene encodes ribonuclease II (RNase II), one of the two major Escherichia coli exonucleases involved in mRNA degradation. In this paper, the rnb transcript is characterized regarding its promoter and terminator regions. The combined results from S1 nuclease protection analysis, DNase I footprinting and gene fusions with lacZ have shown that rnb is expressed from two promoters. S1 nuclease protection analysis and DNA footprinting have shown that rnb has two promoters, P1 and P2. Transcriptional and translational lacZ reporter fusions, constructed to the rnb gene, revealed that P2, the rnb proximal promoter, is stronger than P1. However, P2 is not transcribed in vitro, suggesting that an additional factor is required in vivo. The 3' end of the rnb transcript mapped to a stem-loop structure immediately after the translated region.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro rescue of genital strains of Chlamydia trachomatis from interferon-γ and tryptophan depletion with indole-positive, but not indole-negative Prevotella spp Abstract: Background:                       The natural course of sexually transmitted infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis varies between individuals. In addition to parasite and host effects, the vaginal microbiota might play a key role in the outcome of C. trachomatis infections. Interferon-gamma (IFN-γ), known for its anti-chlamydial properties, activates the expression of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO1) in epithelial cells, an enzyme that catabolizes the amino acid L- tryptophan into N-formylkynurenine, depleting the host cell's pool of tryptophan. Although C. trachomatis is a tryptophan auxotroph, urogenital strains (but not ocular strains) have been shown in vitro to have the ability to produce tryptophan from indole using the tryptophan synthase (trpBA) gene. It has been suggested that indole producing bacteria from the vaginal microbiota could influence the outcome of Chlamydia infection.                  Results:                       We used two in vitro models (treatment with IFN-γ or direct limitation of tryptophan), to study the effects of direct rescue by the addition of exogenous indole, or by the addition of culture supernatant from indole-positive versus indole-negative Prevotella strains, on the growth and infectivity of C. trachomatis. We found that only supernatants from the indole-positive strains, P. intermedia and P. nigrescens, were able to rescue tryptophan-starved C. trachomatis. In addition, we analyzed vaginal secretion samples to determine physiological indole concentrations. In spite of the complexity of vaginal secretions, we demonstrated that for some vaginal specimens with higher indole levels, there was a link to higher recovery of the Chlamydia under tryptophan-starved conditions, lending preliminary support to the critical role of the IFN-γ-tryptophan-indole axis in vivo.                  Conclusions:                       Our data provide evidence for the ability of both exogenous indole as well as supernatant from indole producing bacteria such as Prevotella, to rescue genital C. trachomatis from tryptophan starvation. This adds weight to the hypothesis that the vaginal microbiota (particularly from women with lower levels of lactobacilli and higher levels of indole producing anaerobes) may be intrinsically linked to the outcome of chlamydial infections in some women.	0
Abstract2class: Protective effect of probiotics on Salmonella infectivity assessed with combined in vitro gut fermentation-cellular models Abstract: Background:                       Accurate assessment of probiotics with targeted anti-Salmonella activity requires suitable models accounting for both, microbe-microbe and host-microbe interactions in gut environments. Here we report the combination of two original in vitro intestinal models closely mimicking the complex in vivo conditions of the large intestine. Effluents from continuous in vitro three-stage fermentation colonic models of Salmonella Typhimurium infection inoculated with immobilized child microbiota and Salmonella were directly applied to confluent mucus-secreting HT29-MTX cell layers. The effects of Salmonella, addition of two bacteriocinogenic strains, Bifidobacterium thermophilum RBL67 (thermophilicin B67) and Escherichia coli L1000 (microcin B17), and inulin were tested on Salmonella growth and interactions with epithelial cell layers. Salmonella adhesion and invasion were investigated and epithelial integrity assessed by transepithelial electrical resistance (TER) measurements and confocal microscopy observation. Data from complex effluents were compared with pure Salmonella cultures.                  Results:                       Salmonella in effluents of all reactors of the colonic fermentation model stabilized at mean values of 5.3 ± 0.8 log10 cfu/ml effluent. Invasion of cell-associated Salmonella was up to 50-fold lower in complex reactor samples compared to pure Salmonella cultures. It further depended on environmental factors, with 0.2 ± 0.1% being measured with proximal, 0.6 ± 0.2% with transverse and 1.3 ± 0.7% with distal reactor effluents, accompanied by a similar high decrease of TER across cell monolayers (minus 45%) and disruption of tight junctions. Subsequent addition of E. coli L1000 stimulated Salmonella growth (6.4 ± 0.6 log10 cfu/ml effluent of all 3 reactors) and further decreased TER, but led to 10-fold decreased invasion efficiency when tested with distal reactor samples. In contrast, presence of B. thermophilum RBL67 revealed a protective effect on epithelial integrity compared to previous E. coli L1000 periods, as reflected by a significant mean increase of TER by 58% in all reactors. Inulin addition enhanced Salmonella growth and invasion when tested with distal and proximal reactor samples, respectively, but induced a limited decrease of TER (minus 18%) in all reactors.                  Conclusions:                       Our results highlight the benefits of combining suitable cellular and colonic fermentation models to assess strain-specific first-level host protection properties of probiotics during Salmonella infection, providing an efficient system biology tool for preclinical development of new antimicrobials.	0
Abstract2class: Unexpected consequences of administering bacteriocinogenic probiotic strains for Salmonella populations, revealed by an in vitro colonic model of the child gut Abstract: New biological strategies for the treatment of Salmonella infection are needed in response to the increase in antibiotic-resistant strains. Escherichia coli L1000 and Bifidobacterium thermophilum RBL67 were previously shown to produce antimicrobial proteinaceous compounds (microcin B17 and thermophilicin B67, respectively) active in vitro against a panel of Salmonella strains recently isolated from clinical cases in Switzerland. In this study, two three-stage intestinal continuous fermentation models of Salmonella colonization inoculated with immobilized faeces of a two-year-old child were implemented to study the effects of the two bacteriocinogenic strains compared with a bacteriocin-negative mutant of strain L1000 on Salmonella growth, as well as gut microbiota composition and metabolic activity. Immobilized E. coli L1000 added to the proximal colon reactor showed a low colonization, and developed preferentially in the distal colon reactor independent of the presence of genetic determinants for microcin B17 production. Surprisingly, E. coli L1000 addition strongly stimulated Salmonella growth in all three reactors. In contrast, B. thermophilum RBL67 added in a second phase stabilized at high levels in all reactors, but could not inhibit Salmonella already present at a high level (>10(7) c.f.u. ml(-1)) when the probiotic was added. Inulin added at the end of fermentation induced a strong bifidogenic effect in all three colon reactors and a significant increase of Salmonella counts in the distal colon reactor. Our data show that under the simulated child colonic conditions, the microcin B17 production phenotype does not correlate with inhibition of Salmonella but leads to a better colonization of E. coli L1000 in the distal colon reactor. We conclude that in vitro models with complex and complete gut microbiota are required to accurately assess the potential and efficacy of probiotics with respect to Salmonella colonization in the gut.	0
Abstract2class: Involvement of the cgtA gene function in stimulation of DNA repair in Escherichia coli and Vibrio harveyi Abstract: CgtA is a member of the Obg/Gtp1 subfamily of small GTP-binding proteins. CgtA homologues have been found in various prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms, ranging from bacteria to humans. Nevertheless, despite the fact that cgtA is an essential gene in most bacterial species, its function in the regulation of cellular processes is largely unknown. Here it has been demonstrated that in two bacterial species, Escherichia coli and Vibrio harveyi, the cgtA gene product enhances survival of cells after UV irradiation. Expression of the cgtA gene was found to be enhanced after UV irradiation of both E. coli and V. harveyi. Moderate overexpression of cgtA resulted in higher UV resistance of E. coli wild-type and dnaQ strains, but not in uvrA, uvrB, umuC and recA mutant hosts. Overexpression of the E. coli recA gene in the V. harveyi cgtA mutant, which is very sensitive to UV light, restored the level of survival of UV-irradiated cells to the levels observed for wild-type bacteria. Moreover, the basal level of the RecA protein was lower in a temperature-sensitive cgtA mutant of E. coli than in the cgtA(+) strain, and contrary to wild-type bacteria, no significant increase in recA gene expression was observed after UV irradiation of this cgtA mutant. Finally, stimulation of uvrB gene transcription under these conditions was impaired in the V. harveyi cgtA mutant. All these results strongly suggest that the cgtA gene product is involved in DNA repair processes, most probably by stimulation of recA gene expression and resultant activation of RecA-dependent DNA repair pathways.	0
Abstract2class: The Neisseria gonorrhoeae Obg protein is an essential ribosome-associated GTPase and a potential drug target Abstract: Background:                       Neisseria gonorrhoeae (GC) is a Gram-negative pathogen that most commonly infects mucosal surfaces, causing sexually transmitted urethritis in men and endocervicitis in women. Serious complications associated with these infections are frequent and include pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy, and infertility. The incidence of gonorrhea cases remains high globally while antibiotic treatment options, the sole counter measures against gonorrhea, are declining due to the remarkable ability of GC to acquire resistance. Evaluating of potential drug targets is essential to provide opportunities for developing antimicrobials with new mechanisms of action. We propose the GC Obg protein, belonging to the Obg/CgtA GTPase subfamily, as a potential target for the development of therapeutic interventions against gonorrhea, and in this study perform its initial functional and biochemical characterization.                  Results:                       We report that NGO1990 encodes Obg protein, which is an essential factor for GC viability, associates predominantly with the large 50S ribosomal subunit, and is stably expressed under conditions relevant to infection of the human host. The anti-Obg antisera cross-reacts with a panel of contemporary GC clinical isolates, demonstrating the ubiquitous nature of Obg. The cellular levels of Obg reach a maximum in the early logarithmic phase and remain constant throughout bacterial growth. The in vitro binding and hydrolysis of the fluorescent guanine nucleotide analogs mant-GTP and mant-GDP by recombinant wild type and T192AT193A mutated variants of Obg are also assessed.                  Conclusions:                       Characterization of the GC Obg at the molecular and functional levels presented herein may facilitate the future targeting of this protein with small molecule inhibitors and the evaluation of identified lead compounds for bactericidal activity against GC and other drug-resistant bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: The principal determinants for the structure of the substrate-binding pocket are located within a central core of a biphenyl dioxygenase alpha subunit Abstract: Protein engineering by segment exchange was used to distinguish between regions of major and minor influence on the structure of the substrate-binding pocket of a biphenyl dioxygenase (BDO). Eight chimaeric enzyme systems were generated that each consisted of a hybrid hydroxylase alpha subunit (BphA1) containing segments from Burkholderia sp. strain LB400 and Rhodococcus globerulus P6, and of a hydroxylase beta subunit (BphA2), a ferredoxin (BphA3) and a ferredoxin reductase (BphA4) from strain LB400. All hybrid bphA1 genes were expressed at high levels. Seven of the resulting fusion subunits functionally interacted with the other polypeptides of the dioxygenase system to yield catalytically active enzymes. Changes in the regiospecificity of substrate attack, monitored by the formation of seventeen different dioxygenation products obtained from seven chlorobiphenyls, were used to monitor effects of segment exchanges on the structure of the BDO substrate-binding site. Exchanges of neither the beta subunit nor the N- and C-terminal regions of the alpha subunit exerted significant influences. All BDO regions that showed major effects on the substrate-binding pocket were located between approximately positions 165 and 395 of the alpha subunit. Within this part of the enzyme, in addition to segments identified previously, a subregion which is involved in ligation of the mononuclear iron significantly influenced the regiospecificity of substrate dioxygenation. Moreover, the results indicate that the construction of appropriate hybrid genes may be used as a general strategy to overcome problems in obtaining heterologous BDO activities in Escherichia coli or other host organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial responses to photo-oxidative stress Abstract: Singlet oxygen is one of several reactive oxygen species that can destroy biomolecules, microorganisms and other cells. Traditionally, the response to singlet oxygen has been termed photo-oxidative stress, as light-dependent processes in photosynthetic cells are major biological sources of singlet oxygen. Recent work identifying a core set of singlet oxygen stress response genes across various bacterial species highlights the importance of this response for survival by both photosynthetic and non-photosynthetic cells. Here, we review how bacterial cells mount a transcriptional response to photo-oxidative stress in the context of what is known about bacterial stress responses to other reactive oxygen species.	0
Abstract2class: Virulence factors and molecular characteristics of Shigella flexneri isolated from calves with diarrhea Abstract: Background:                       The natural hosts of Shigella are typically humans and other primates, but it has been shown that the host range of Shigella has expanded to many animals. Although Shigella is becoming a major threat to animals, there is limited information on the genetic background of local strains. The purpose of this study was to assess the presence of virulence factors and the molecular characteristics of S. flexneri isolated from calves with diarrhea.                  Results:                       Fifty-four S. flexneri isolates from Gansun, Shanxi, Qinghai, Xinjiang and Tibet obtained during 2014 to 2016 possessed four typical biochemical characteristics of Shigella. The prevalences of ipaH, virA, ipaBCD, ial, sen, set1A, set1B and stx were 100 %, 100 %, 77.78 %, 79.63 %, 48.15 %, 48.15 and 0 %, respectively. Multilocus variable number tandem repeat analysis (MLVA) based on 8 variable number of tandem repeat (VNTR) loci discriminated the isolates into 39 different MLVA types (MTs), pulsed field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) based on NotI digestion divided the 54 isolates into 31 PFGE types (PTs), and multilocus sequence typing (MLST) based on 15 housekeeping genes differentiated the isolates into 7 MLST sequence types (STs).                  Conclusions:                       The findings from this study enrich our knowledge of the molecular characteristics of S. flexneri collected from calves with diarrhea, which will be important for addressing clinical and epidemiological issues regarding shigellosis.	0
Abstract2class: Proposal to create subspecies of Rickettsia conorii based on multi-locus sequence typing and an emended description of Rickettsia conorii Abstract: Background:                       Rickettsiae closely related to the Malish strain, the reference Rickettsia conorii strain, include Indian tick typhus rickettsia (ITTR), Israeli spotted fever rickettsia (ISFR), and Astrakhan fever rickettsia (AFR). Although closely related genotypically, they are distinct serotypically. Using multilocus sequence typing (MLST), we have recently found that distinct serotypes may not always represent distinct species within the Rickettsia genus. We investigated the possibility of classifying rickettsiae closely related to R. conorii as R. conorii subspecies as proposed by the ad hoc committee on reconciliation of approaches to bacterial systematics. For this, we first estimated their genotypic variability by using MLST including the sequencing of 5 genes, of 31 rickettsial isolates closely related to R. conorii strain Malish, 1 ITTR isolate, 2 isolates and 3 tick amplicons of AFR, and 2 ISFR isolates. Then, we selected a representative of each MLST genotype and used multi-spacer typing (MST) and mouse serotyping to estimate their degree of taxonomic relatedness.                  Results:                       Among the 39 isolates or tick amplicons studied, four MLST genotypes were identified: i) the Malish type; ii) the ITTR type; iii) the AFR type; and iv) the ISFR type. Among these four MLST genotypes, the pairwise similarity in nucleotide sequence varied from 99.8 to 100%, 99.4 to 100%, 98.2 to 99.8%, 98.4 to 99.8%, and 99.2 to 99.9% for 16S rDNA, gltA, ompA, ompB, and sca4 genes, respectively. Representatives of the 4 MLST types were also classified within four types using MST genotyping as well as mouse serotyping.                  Conclusion:                       Although homogeneous genotypically, strains within the R. conorii species show MST genotypic, serotypic, and epidemio-clinical dissimilarities. We, therefore, propose to modify the nomenclature of the R. conorii species through the creation of subspecies. We propose the names R. conorii subsp. conorii subsp. nov. (type strain = Malish, ATCC VR-613), R. conorii subspecies indica subsp. nov. (type strain = ATCC VR-597), R. conorii subspecies caspia subsp. nov. (type strain = A-167), and R. conorii subspecies israelensis subsp. nov. (type strain = ISTT CDC1). The description of R. conorii is emended to accomodate the four subspecies.	0
Abstract2class: Application of cotton straw biochar and compound Bacillus biofertilizer decrease the bioavailability of soil cd through impacting soil bacteria Abstract: Background:                       Cd seriously threatens soil environment, remedying Cd in farmland and clearing the response of soil environment to modifiers in Cd-contaminated soils is necessary. In this study, the effects of cotton straw biochar and compound Bacillus biofertilizer used as modifiers on the biochemical properties, enzyme activity, and microbial diversity in Cd-contaminated soils (1, 2, and 4 mg·kg-1) were investigated.                  Results:                       The results showed that both cotton straw biochar and compound Bacillus biofertilizer could improve the soil chemical characteristics, including the increase of soil C/N ratio, electrical conductance (EC) and pH, and the most important decrease of soil available Cd content by 60.24% and 74.34%, respectively (P < 0.05). On the other hand, adding cotton straw biochar and compound Bacillus biofertilizer in Cd stressed soil also improved soil biological characteristics. Among them, cotton straw biochar mainly through increasing soil alkaline phosphatase activity and improve bacteria abundance, compound Bacillus biofertilizer by increasing soil invertase, alkaline phosphatase, catalase, and urease activity increased bacterial community diversity. On the whole, the decrease of soil available Cd was mainly caused by the increase of soil pH, C/N, urease and alkaline phosphatase activities, and the relative abundance of Acidobacteria and Proteobacteria.                  Conclusions:                       In summary, the applications of cotton straw biochar and compound Bacillus biofertilizer could decrease soil available Cd concentration, increase soil bacterial community diversity and functions metabolism, and reduce the damage of Cd stress, compared with cotton straw biochar, compound Bacillus biofertilizer was more effective in immobilizing Cd and improving soil environmental quality.	0
Abstract2class: The gut microbiota in young and middle-aged rats showed different responses to chicken protein in their diet Abstract: Background:                       Meat protein in the diet has been shown to be beneficial for the growth of Lactobacillus in the caecum of growing rats; however, it is unknown whether gut microbiota in middle-aged animals have the same responses to meat protein diets. This study compared the composition of the gut microbiota between young and middle-aged rats after being fed 17.7% chicken protein diet for 14 days.                  Methods:                       Feces were collected on day 0 and day 14 from young rats (4 weeks old) and middle-aged rats (64 weeks old) fed with 17.7% chicken protein diets. The composition of the gut bacteria was analyzed by sequencing the V4-V5 region of the 16S ribosomal RNA gene.                  Results:                       The results showed that the composition of the gut microbiota was significantly different between young and middle-aged rats on both day 0 and day 14. The percentage of Firmicutes decreased for middle-aged rats (72.1% versus 58.1% for day 0 and day 14, respectively) but increased for young rats (41.5 versus 57.7% for day 0 and day 14, respectively). The percentage of Bacteroidetes increased to 31.2% (20.5% on day 0) for middle-aged rats and decreased to 29.6% (41.3% on day 0) for young rats. The relative abundance of the beneficial genus Lactobacillus increased in response to the intake of chicken protein in the young group, while it had the opposite effect in the middle-aged group.                  Conclusion:                       The results of our study demonstrated that 17.7% chicken protein diet promoted the beneficial genus Lactobacillus in young rats, but the opposite effect were found in the middle-aged group. To evaluate the linkage between diet and host health, age effect should be considered in the future studies.	0
Abstract2class: MyBASE: a database for genome polymorphism and gene function studies of Mycobacterium Abstract: Background:                       Mycobacterial pathogens are a major threat to humans. With the increasing availability of functional genomic data, research on mycobacterial pathogenesis and subsequent control strategies will be greatly accelerated. It has been suggested that genome polymorphisms, namely large sequence polymorphisms, can influence the pathogenicity of different mycobacterial strains. However, there is currently no database dedicated to mycobacterial genome polymorphisms with functional interpretations.                  Description:                       We have developed a mycobacterial database (MyBASE) housing genome polymorphism data and gene functions to provide the mycobacterial research community with a useful information resource and analysis platform. Whole genome comparison data produced by our lab and the novel genome polymorphisms identified were deposited into MyBASE. Extensive literature review of genome polymorphism data, mainly large sequence polymorphisms (LSPs), operon predictions and curated annotations of virulence and essentiality of mycobacterial genes are unique features of MyBASE. Large-scale genomic data integration from public resources makes MyBASE a comprehensive data warehouse useful for current research. All data is cross-linked and can be graphically viewed via a toolbox in MyBASE.                  Conclusion:                       As an integrated platform focused on the collection of experimental data from our own lab and published literature, MyBASE will facilitate analysis of genome structure and polymorphisms, which will provide insight into genome evolution. Importantly, the database will also facilitate the comparison of virulence factors among various mycobacterial strains. MyBASE is freely accessible via http://mybase.psych.ac.cn.	0
Abstract2class: Mutation of gdpS gene induces a viable but non-culturable state in Staphylococcus epidermidis and changes in the global transcriptional profile Abstract: Background:                       In the genome of staphylococci, only the gdpS gene encodes the conserved GGDEF domain, which is the characteristic of diguanylate cyclases. In our previous study, we have demonstrated that the gdpS gene can modulate biofilm formation by positively regulating the expression of ica operon in Staphylococcus epidermidis. Moreover, this regulation seems to be independent of the c-di-GMP signaling pathway and the protein-coding function of this gene. Therefore, the biological function of the gdpS gene remains to be further investigated.                  Results:                       In the present study, it was observed that mutation of the gdpS gene induced S. epidermidis to enter into a presumed viable but nonculturable state (VBNC) after cryopreservation with glycerol. Similarly, when moved from liquid to solid culture medium, the gdpS mutant strain also exhibited a VBNC state. Compared with the wild-type strain, the gdpS mutant strain autolyzed more quickly during storage at 4℃, indicating its increased susceptibility to low temperature. Transcriptional profiling analysis showed that the gdpS mutation affected the transcription of 188 genes (92 genes were upregulated and 96 genes were downregulated). Specifically, genes responsible for glycerol metabolism were most markedly upregulated and most of the altered genes in the mutant strain are those involved in nitrogen metabolism. In addition, the most significantly downregulated genes included the betB gene, whose product catalyzes the synthesis of glycine betaine and confers tolerance to cold.                  Conclusion:                       The preliminary results suggest that the gdpS gene may participate in VBNC formation of S. epidermidis in face of adverse environmental factors, which is probably achieved by regulating expression of energy metabolism genes. Besides, the gdpS gene is critical for S. epidermidis to survive low temperature, and the underlying mechanism may be partly explained by its influence on expression of betB gene.	0
Abstract2class: Impact of the Staphylococcus epidermidis LytSR two-component regulatory system on murein hydrolase activity, pyruvate utilization and global transcriptional profile Abstract: Background:                       Staphylococcus epidermidis has emerged as one of the most important nosocomial pathogens, mainly because of its ability to colonize implanted biomaterials by forming a biofilm. Extensive studies are focused on the molecular mechanisms involved in biofilm formation. The LytSR two-component regulatory system regulates autolysis and biofilm formation in Staphylococcus aureus. However, the role of LytSR played in S. epidermidis remained unknown.                  Results:                       In the present study, we demonstrated that lytSR knock-out in S. epidermidis did not alter susceptibility to Triton X-100 induced autolysis. Quantitative murein hydrolase assay indicated that disruption of lytSR in S. epidermidis resulted in decreased activities of extracellular murein hydrolases, although zymogram showed no apparent differences in murein hydrolase patterns between S. epidermidis strain 1457 and its lytSR mutant. Compared to the wild-type counterpart, 1457ΔlytSR produced slightly more biofilm, with significantly decreased dead cells inside. Microarray analysis showed that lytSR mutation affected the transcription of 164 genes (123 genes were upregulated and 41 genes were downregulated). Specifically, genes encoding proteins responsible for protein synthesis, energy metabolism were downregulated, while genes involved in amino acid and nucleotide biosynthesis, amino acid transporters were upregulated. Impaired ability to utilize pyruvate and reduced activity of arginine deiminase was observed in 1457ΔlytSR, which is consistent with the microarray data.                  Conclusions:                       The preliminary results suggest that in S. epidermidis LytSR two-component system regulates extracellular murein hydrolase activity, bacterial cell death and pyruvate utilization. Based on the microarray data, it appears that lytSR inactivation induces a stringent response. In addition, LytSR may indirectly enhance biofilm formation by altering the metabolic status of the bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Patterns of yeast diversity distribution and its drivers in rhizosphere soil of Hami melon orchards in different regions of Xinjiang Abstract: Background:                       The unique climatic conditions of the Xinjiang region nurture rich melon and fruit resources, the melon and fruit sugar sources provide sufficient nutrients for the survival of yeast, and the diverse habitats accompanied by extreme climatic conditions promote the production of yeast diversity and strain resources. However, the relationship between yeast species and their relationship with environmental factors in the soil of Xinjiang specialty cash crop Hami melon is not clear. Here, we aimed to characterize the diversity, community structure, and relationship between yeast species and environmental factors in Hami melon orchards soils in different regions of Xinjiang, China.                  Results:                       Based on Illumina MiSeq high-throughput sequencing analysis of the D1 domain of the LSU rRNA genes, the community richness of yeast in the soil of Northern Xinjiang was higher than in the Southern and Eastern Xinjiang, but the community diversity was significantly lower in the Northern Xinjiang than in the Southern and Eastern Xinjiang. A total of 86 OTUs were classified into 59 genera and 86 species. Most OTUs (90.4%) belonged to the Basidiomycota; only a few (9.6%) belonged to Ascomycota. The most dominant species in the Southern, Eastern and Northern Xinjiang were Filobasidium magnum (17.90%), Solicoccozyma aeria (35.83%) and Filobasidium magnum (75.36%), respectively. Principal coordinates analysis (PCoA) showed that the yeast community composition in the soils of the three regions were obviously different, with the Southern and Eastern Xinjiang having more similar yeast community. Redundancy analysis (RDA) showed that soil factors such as conductivity (CO), total phosphorus (TP) and Total potassium (TK) and climate factors such as average annual precipitation (PRCP), relative humidity (RH) and net solar radiation intensity (SWGNT) were significantly correlated with yeast communities (P < 0.05).                  Conclusion:                       There are abundant yeast resources in the rhizosphere soil of Hami melon orchard in Xinjiang, and there are obvious differences in the diversity and community structure of yeast in the three regions of Xinjiang. Differences in climatic factors related to precipitation, humidity and solar radiation intensity and soil factors related to conductivity, total phosphorus and total potassium are key factors driving yeast diversity and community structure.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic and functional analyses of the lgtH gene, a member of the beta-1,4-galactosyltransferase gene family in the genus Neisseria Abstract: Lipooligosaccharide (LOS) is a major virulence factor of the pathogenic Neisseria. Three galactosyltransferase genes, lgtB, lgtE and lgtH, responsible for the biosynthesis of LOS oligosaccharide chains, were analysed in five Neisseria species. The function of lgtH in Neisseria meningitidis 6,275 was determined by mutagenesis and chemical characterization of the parent and mutant LOS chains. The chemical characterization included SDS-PAGE, immunoblot, hexose and mass spectrometry analyses. Compared with the parent LOS, the mutant LOS lacked galactose, and its oligosaccharide decreased by three or four sugar units in matrix-assisted laser desorption ionization (MALDI)-MS analysis. The results show that lgtH encodes a beta-1,4-galactosyltransferase, and that the glucose moiety linked to heptose (Hep) in the alpha chain is the acceptor site in the biosynthesis of Neisseria LOS. To understand the sequence diversity and relationships of lgtB, lgtE and lgtH, the entire lgt-1 locus was further sequenced in three N. meningitidis strains and three commensal Neisseria strains, and compared with the previously reported lgt genes from Neisseria species. Comparison of the protein sequences of the three enzymes LgtB, LgtE and LgtH showed a conserved N-terminal region, and a highly variable C-terminal region, suggesting functional constraint for substrate and acceptor specificity, respectively. The analyses of allelic variation and evolution of 23 lgtB, 12 lgtE and 14 lgtH sequences revealed a distinct evolutionary history of these genes in Neisseria. For example, the splits graph of lgtE displayed a network evolution, indicating frequent DNA recombination, whereas splits graphs of lgtB and lgtH displayed star-tree-like evolution, indicating the accumulation of point mutations. The data presented here represent examples of the evolution and variation of prokaryotic glycosyltransferase gene families. These imply the existence of multiple enzyme isoforms for biosynthesis of a great diversity of oligosaccharides in nature.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic diversity of three lgt loci for biosynthesis of lipooligosaccharide (LOS) in Neisseria species Abstract: Lipooligosaccharide (LOS) is a major virulence factor of the pathogenic Neisseria. Nine lgt genes at three chromosomal loci (lgt-1, 2, 3) encoding the glycosyltransferases responsible for the biosynthesis of LOS oligosaccharide chains were examined in 26 Neisseria meningitidis, 51 Neisseria gonorrhoeae and 18 commensal Neisseria strains. DNA hybridization, PCR and nucleotide sequence data were compared to previously reported lgt genes. Analysis of the genetic organization of the lgt loci revealed that in N. meningitidis, the lgt-1 and lgt-3 loci were hypervariable genomic regions, whereas the lgt-2 locus was conserved. In N. gonorrhoeae, no variability in the composition or organization of the three lgt loci was observed. lgt genes were detected only in some commensal Neisseria species. The genetic organization of the lgt-1 locus was classified into eight types and the lgt-3 locus was classified into four types. Two types of arrangement at lgt-1 (II and IV) and one type of arrangement at lgt-3 (IV) were novel genetic organizations reported in this study. Based on the three lgt loci, 10 LOS genotypes of N. meningitidis were distinguished. Phylogenetic analysis revealed a gene cluster, lgtH, which separated from the homologous genes lgtB and lgtE. The lgtH and lgtE genes were mutually exclusive and were located at the same position in lgt-1. The data demonstrated that pathogenic and commensal Neisseria share a common lgt gene pool and horizontal gene transfer appears to contribute to the genetic diversity of the lgt loci in Neisseria.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of cultivation mode on bacterial and fungal communities of Dendrobium catenatum Abstract: Background:                       The orchid growth and development often associate with microbes. However, the interaction between plant performance and microbial communities within and surrounding plants is less understood. Dendrobium catenatum, which used to be an endangered orchid species, has become a billion dollar industry in China. Simulated natural cultivation modes, such as living tree epiphytic (LT) and cliff epiphytic (CE) cultivations, improve the production or quality of D. catenatum and contribute to the development of D. catenatum industry. In a previous study, morphological characteristics, anatomical structure, and main bioactive components (polysaccharides and ethanol-soluble extractives) of D. catenatum grown under LT and CE significantly differed from a facility cultivation mode, pot (PO) cultivation, were observed. Whether cultivation mode affects bacterial and fungal communities of D. catenatum, thereby affecting the chemical quality of this plant, need to be explored.                  Results:                       Both three plant organs (leaf, stem, and root) and cultivating substrates obtained under three cultivation modes: living tree epiphytic (LT), cliff epiphytic (CE), and pot (PO) cultivation were examined by adopting high-throughput sequencing methods. Subsequently, bacterial and fungal correlations with D. catenatum main chemical components, stem polysaccharides and ethanol-soluble extractives and leaf phenols and flavonoids, were elucidated. The results showed that microbial communities of the plants and substrates are both influenced by the cultivation mode. However, the plants and their cultivating substrates exhibited different patterns of bacterial and fungal composition, with clearly distinguished dominant bacterial groups, but shared dominance among fungal groups. Bacteria and fungi differed in abundance, diversity, and community structure, depending on the cultivation environment and plant organ. Both bacterial and fungal communities were affected by cultivation mode and plant organ. In both plants and substrates, PO bacterial and fungal community structure differed significantly from those of LT and CE modes. Bacterial and fungal community structure differed significantly between roots and the other two plant organs examined (stems and leaves). Several bacteria and fungi were positively correlated with main chemical components in D. catenatum.                  Conclusions:                       The findings indicate that microbial communities of the plants and substrates were both influenced by the cultivation mode and plant organ, and some of them were positively correlated with main chemical components in D. catenatum. The research would enhance our understanding of interactions between Dendrobium and the microbial environment, and to provide a theoretical basis for the development of improved D. catenatum cultivation methods.	0
Abstract2class: Functions of the siderophore esterases IroD and IroE in iron-salmochelin utilization Abstract: The siderophore salmochelin is produced under iron-poor conditions by Salmonella and many uropathogenic Escherichia coli strains. The production of salmochelin, a C-glucosylated enterobactin, is dependent on the synthesis of enterobactin and the iroBCDEN gene cluster. An E. coli IroD protein with an N-terminal His-tag cleaved cyclic salmochelin S4 to the linear trimer salmochelin S2, the dimer salmochelin S1, and the monomers dihydroxybenzoylserine and C-glucosylated dihydroxybenzoylserine (salmochelin SX, pacifarinic acid). The periplasmic IroE protein was purified as a MalE-IroE fusion protein. This enzyme degraded salmochelin S4 and ferric-salmochelin S4 to salmochelin S2 and ferric-salmochelin S2, respectively. In E. coli, uptake of ferric-salmochelin S4 was dependent on the cleavage by IroE, and independent of the FepBDGC ABC transporter in the cytoplasmic membrane. IroC, which has similarities to ABC-multidrug-resistance proteins, was necessary for the uptake of salmochelin S2 from the periplasm into the cytoplasm. IroE did not function as a classical binding protein since salmochelin S2 was taken up in the absence of a functional IroE protein. IroC mediated the uptake of iron via enterobactin in a fepB mutant. IroE was also necessary in this case for the uptake of ferric-enterobactin, which indicated that only the linear degradation products of enterobactin were taken up via IroC. PfeE, the Pseudomonas aeruginosa IroE homologue, was cloned, and its enzymic activity was shown to be very similar to that of IroE. It is suggested that homologues in other bacteria are also periplasmic IroE-type esterases of siderophores.	0
Abstract2class: Functional characterization of cell-wall-associated protein WapA in Streptococcus mutans Abstract: Streptococcus mutans is known as a primary pathogen responsible for dental caries. One of the virulence factors of S. mutans in cariogenicity is its ability to attach to the tooth surface and form a biofilm. Several surface proteins have been shown to be involved in this process. A 29 kDa surface protein named wall-associated protein A (WapA, antigen A or antigen III), was previously used as a vaccine in animal studies for immunization against dental caries. However, the function of WapA in S. mutans is still not clear. This study characterized the function of WapA in cell surface structure and biofilm formation. Compared to the wild-type, the wapA mutant had much-reduced cell chain length, diminished cell-cell aggregation, altered cell surface ultrastructure, and unstructured biofilm architecture. Furthermore, in vivo force spectroscopy revealed that the cell surface of the wapA mutant was less sticky than that of the wild-type cells. More interestingly, these phenotypic differences diminished as sucrose concentration in the medium was increased to 0.5 %. Real-time RT-PCR analysis demonstrated that sucrose strongly repressed wapA gene expression in both planktonic and biofilm cells. These results suggest that the WapA protein plays an important structural role on the cell surface, which ultimately affects sucrose-independent cell-cell aggregation and biofilm architecture.	0
Abstract2class: Functions of the Clostridium acetobutylicium FabF and FabZ proteins in unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis Abstract: Background:                       The original anaerobic unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis pathway proposed by Goldfine and Bloch was based on in vivo labeling studies in Clostridium butyricum ATCC 6015 (now C. beijerinckii) but to date no dedicated unsaturated fatty acid biosynthetic enzyme has been identified in Clostridia. C. acetobutylicium synthesizes the same species of unsaturated fatty acids as E. coli, but lacks all of the known unsaturated fatty acid synthetic genes identified in E. coli and other bacteria. A possible explanation was that two enzymes of saturated fatty acid synthesis of C. acetobutylicium, FabZ and FabF might also function in the unsaturated arm of the pathway (a FabZ homologue is known to be an unsaturated fatty acid synthetic enzyme in enterococci).                  Results:                       We report that the FabF homologue located within the fatty acid biosynthetic gene cluster of C. acetobutylicium functions in synthesis of both unsaturated fatty acids and saturated fatty acids. Expression of this protein in E. coli functionally replaced both the FabB and FabF proteins of the host in vivo and replaced E. coli FabB in a defined in vitro fatty acid synthesis system. In contrast the single C. acetobutylicium FabZ homologue, although able to functionally replace E. coli FabZ in vivo and in vitro, was unable to replace FabA, the key dehydratase-isomerase of E. coli unsaturated fatty acid biosynthesis in vivo and lacked isomerase activity in vitro.                  Conclusion:                       Thus, C. acetobutylicium introduces the double of unsaturated fatty acids by use of a novel and unknown enzyme.	0
Abstract2class: Precursor and temperature modulation of fatty acid composition and growth of Listeria monocytogenes cold-sensitive mutants with transposon-interrupted branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase Abstract: Branched-chain fatty acids (BCFAs) typically constitute more than 90 % of the fatty acids of Listeria monocytogenes. The authors have previously described two Tn917-induced, cold-sensitive, BCFA-deficient (<40 %) L. monocytogenes mutants (cld-1 and cld-2) with lowered membrane fluidity. Sequence analyses revealed that Tn917 was inserted into different genes of the branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase cluster (bkd) in these two mutants. The cold-sensitivity and BCFA deficiency of cld-1, in which Tn917 was inserted into bkdB, were complemented in trans by cloned bkdB. The growth and corresponding BCFA content of the mutants at 37 degrees C were stimulated by fatty acid precursors bypassing Bkd, 2-methylbutyrate (precursor for odd-numbered anteiso-fatty acids), isobutyrate (precursor for even-numbered iso-fatty acids) and isovalerate (precursor for odd-numbered iso-fatty acids). In contrast, the corresponding Bkd substrates, alpha-ketomethylvalerate, alpha-ketoisovalerate and alpha-ketoisocaproate, exhibited much poorer activity. At 26 degrees C, 2-methylbutyrate and isovalerate stimulated the growth of the mutants, and at 10 degrees C, only 2-methylbutyrate stimulated growth. Pyruvate depressed the BCFA content of cld-2 from 33 % to 27 %, which may be close to the minimum BCFA requirement for L. monocytogenes. The transcription of bkd was enhanced by Bkd substrates, but not by low temperature. When provided with the BCFA precursors, cld-2 was able to increase its anteiso-C15 : 0 fatty acid content at 10 degrees C compared to 37 degrees C, which is the characteristic response of L. monocytogenes to low temperature. This implies that Bkd is not the major cold-regulation point of BCFA synthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Functional analysis of Leifsonia xyli subsp. xyli membrane protein gene Lxx18460 (anti-sigma K) Abstract: Background:                       Sugarcane is an important sugar and economic crop in the world. Ratoon stunting Disease (RSD) of sugarcane, caused by Leifsonia xyli subsp. xyli, is widespread in countries and regions where sugarcane is grown and also limited to sugarcane productivity. Although the whole genome sequencing of Leifsonia xyli subsp. xyli was completed, progress in understanding the molecular mechanism of the disease has been slow because it is difficult to grow in culture.                  Results:                       The Leifsonia xyli subsp. xyli membrane protein gene Lxx18460 (anti-sigma K) was cloned from the Lxx-infected sugarcane cultivar GT11 at the mature stage using RT-PCR technique, and the gene structure and expression in infected sugarcane were analyzed. The Lxx18460 gene was transformed into Nicotiana tabacum by Agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediation. The transgenic tobacco plants overexpressing Lxx18460 had lower levels in plant height, leaf area, net photosynthetic rate and endogenous hormones of IAA, ABA and GA3, as well as lower activities of three antioxidant enzymes, superoxide dismutase (SOD), peroxidase (POD) and catalase (CAT) than the wild type (WT) tobacco. With the plant growth, the expression of Lxx18460 gene and protein was increased. To better understand the regulation of Lxx18460 expression, transcriptome analysis of leaves from transgenic and wild type tobacco was performed. A total of 60,222 all-unigenes were obtained through BGISEQ-500 sequencing. Compared the transgenic plants with the WT plants, 11,696 upregulated and 5949 downregulated genes were identified. These differentially expressed genes involved in many metabolic pathways including signal transduction, biosynthesis of other secondary metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism and so on. Though the data presented here are from a heterologous system, Lxx 18460 has an adverse impact on the growth of tobacco; it reduces the photosynthesis of tobacco, destroys the activity of defense enzymes, and affects the levels of endogenous hormones, which indicate that Lxx18460 may act important roles in the course of infection in sugarcane.                  Conclusions:                       This is the first study on analyzing the function of the membrane protein gene Lxx18460 of anti-sigma K (σK) factor in Leifsonia xyli subsp. xyli. Our findings will improve the understanding of the interaction between the RSD pathogen Leifsonia xyli subsp. xyli and sugarcane. The output of this study will also be helpful to explore the pathogenesis of RSD.	0
Abstract2class: The surface protein Shr of Streptococcus pyogenes binds heme and transfers it to the streptococcal heme-binding protein Shp Abstract: Background:                       The heme acquisition machinery in Streptococcus pyogenes is believed to consist of the surface proteins, Shr and Shp, and heme-specific ATP-binding cassette transporter HtsABC. Shp has been shown to rapidly transfer its heme to the lipoprotein component, HtsA, of HtsABC. The function of Shr and the heme source of Shp have not been established.                  Results:                       The objective of this study was to determine whether Shr binds heme and is a heme source of Shp. To achieve the objective, recombinant Shr protein was prepared. The purified Shr displays a spectrum typical of hemoproteins, indicating that Shr binds heme and acquires heme from Escherichia coli hemoproteins in vivo. Spectral analysis of Shr and Shp isolated from a mixture of Shr and heme-free Shp (apoShp) indicates that Shr and apoShp lost and gained heme, respectively; whereas Shr did not efficiently lose its heme in incubation with apoHtsA under the identical conditions. These results suggest that Shr directly transfers its heme to Shp. In addition, the rates of heme transfer from human hemoglobin to apoShp are close to those of simple ferric heme dissociation from hemoglobin, suggesting that methemoglobin does not directly transfer its heme to apoShp.                  Conclusion:                       We have demonstrated that recombinant Shr can acquire heme from E. coli hemoproteins in vivo and appears to directly transfer its heme to Shp and that Shp appears not to directly acquire heme from human methemoglobin. These results suggest the possibility that Shr is a source of heme for Shp and that the Shr-to-Shp heme transfer is a step of the heme acquisition process in S. pyogenes. Further characterization of the Shr/Shp/HtsA system would advance our understanding of the mechanism of heme acquisition in S. pyogenes.	0
Abstract2class: Eliciting antibiotics active against the ESKAPE pathogens in a collection of actinomycetes isolated from mountain soils Abstract: The rapid emergence of multidrug-resistant (MDR) bacterial pathogens poses a major threat for human health. In recent years, genome sequencing has unveiled many poorly expressed antibiotic clusters in actinomycetes. Here, we report a well-defined ecological collection of >800 actinomycetes obtained from sites in the Himalaya and Qinling mountains, and we used these in a concept study to see how efficiently antibiotics can be elicited against MDR pathogens isolated recently from the clinic. Using 40 different growth conditions, 96 actinomycetes were identified - predominantly Streptomyces - that produced antibiotics with efficacy against the MDR clinical isolates referred to as ESKAPE pathogens: Enterococcus faecium, Staphylococcus aureus, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Acinetobacter baumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and/or Enterobacter cloacae. Antimicrobial activities that fluctuated strongly with growth conditions were correlated with specific compounds, including borrelidin, resistomycin, carbomethoxy-phenazine, and 6,7,8- and 5,6,8-trimethoxy-3-methylisocoumarin, of which the latter was not described previously. Our work provided insights into the potential of actinomycetes as producers of drugs with efficacy against clinical isolates that have emerged recently and also underlined the importance of targeting a specific pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of lysophospholipase protein from Spiroplasma eriocheiris and verification of its function Abstract: Spiroplasma eriocheiris is known to cause tremor disease in the Chinese mitten crab Eriocheir sinensis; however, the molecular characterization of this pathogen is still unclear. S. eriocheiris has the ability to invade and survive within mouse 3T6 cells. The invasion process may require causing damage to the host cell membrane by chemical, physical or enzymatic means. In this study, we systematically characterized a novel lysophospholipase (lysoPL) of S. eriocheiris TDA-040725-5T. The gene that encodes lysoPL in S. eriocheiris (SE-LysoPL) was cloned, sequenced and expressed in Escherichia coli BL21 (DE3). Enzymatic assays revealed that the purified recombinant SE-LysoPL hydrolysed long-chain acyl esterases at pH 7 and 30 °C. SE-LysoPL was detected in the membrane and cytoplasmic protein fractions using the SE-LysoPL antibody in Western blot. The virulence ability of S. eriocheiris was effectively reduced at the early stage of infection (m.o.i.=100) by the SE-LysoPL antibody neutralization test. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to identify and characterize a gene from S. eriocheiris encoding a protein exhibiting lysoPL and esterase activities. Our findings indicate that SE-LysoPL plays important roles in the pathogenicity of S. eriocheiris.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of specific B cell linear epitopes of mycoplasma hyorhinis P37 protein using monoclonal antibodies against baculovirus-expressed P37 protein Abstract: Background:                       Mycoplasma hyorhinis (Mhr) is the etiologic agent of lameness and polyserositis in swine. P37 is a membrane protein of Mhr that may be an important immunogen and is a potential target for diagnostic development. However, there is little information concerning Mhr P37 protein epitopes. A precise analysis of the P37 protein epitopes should extend our understanding of the antigenic composition of the P37 protein and the humoral immune responses to Mhr infection. Investigating the epitopes of Mhr P37 will help to establish a detection method for Mhr in tissue and provide an effective tool for detecting Mhr infection.                  Results:                       Western blot and indirect immunofluorescence assays (IFA) confirmed that the expressed P37 protein was recognized by Mhr-positive porcine and mouse sera. Furthermore, the P37 protein was purified using affinity chromatography and used to immunize mice for hybridoma cell fusion. Four monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) found to be positive for Mhr were detected in infected lung tissue. A panel of truncated P37 proteins was used to identify the minimal B cell linear epitopes of the protein based on these mAbs. The core epitope was determined to be 206KIKKAWNDKDWNTFRNF222. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we identified 17 critical amino acids that determine the epitope of the P37 protein of Mhr. This study identified mAbs that could provide useful tools for investigating the Mhr P37 antigenic core epitope (amino acids 206-222) and detecting Mhr-specific antigens in infected tissue.	0
Abstract2class: Nasopharyngeal carriage and antimicrobial susceptibility of Haemophilus influenzae among children younger than 5 years of age in Beijing, China Abstract: Background:                       Haemophilus influenzae is one of the main pathogens that cause community-acquired respiratory infections in children. Our previous study showed that H. influenzae is the second most common pathogen causing pneumonia and accounts for 30-50% of bacterial meningitis among Chinese children. H. influenzae carriage in children and its resistance to commonly used antimicrobials varies widely both geographically and over time.                  Results:                       Surveys of the nasopharyngeal carriage of H. influenzae in children younger than 5 years of age with acute respiratory tract infection (ARI) were conducted in Beijing Children's Hospital, China in 2000, 2002, 2010, and 2012. The overall annual carriage rates of H. influenzae among children younger than 5 years of age with ARI were 35.5%, 20.6%, 14.4%, and 18.7%, and the percentages of H. influenzae isolates producing β-lactamase were 4%, 13%, 27.1%, and 31%, respectively. The percentages of susceptibility to ampicillin progressively decreased from 96% (2000) to 87% (2002) to 63% (2010) to 61% (2012). All of the ampicillin-resistant isolates were found to be beta-lactamase producers. The susceptibility to tetracycline increased from 54% (2000) to 60% (2002) to 91.5% (2010) to 94.5% (2012). No statistically significant differences were observed in the susceptibility to cefaclor, cefuroxime, sulfamethoxazole, and chloramphenicol. Amoxicillin/clavulanic acid and ceftriaxone were the most effective antimicrobials for the isolates of H. influenzae across the 10-year period.                  Conclusions:                       This report on the H. influenzae carriage rates in children and the susceptibility of these bacteria to commonly used antibiotics showed that H. influenzae carriage decreased from 2000 to 2012. Additionally, the percentage of β-lactamase-producing isolates increased while their susceptibility to ampicillin progressively decreased during this time. These results indicate that the appropriate empirical antimicrobial therapy should be changed for pediatric patients in China.	0
Abstract2class: Cryptosporidium parvum appears to lack a plastid genome Abstract: Surprisingly, unlike most Apicomplexa, Cryptosporidium parvum appears to lack a plastid genome. Primers based upon the highly conserved plastid small- or large-subunit rRNA (SSU/LSU rRNA) and the tufA-tRNAPhe genes of other members of the phylum Apicomplexa failed to amplify products from intracellular stages of C. parvum, whereas products were obtained from the plastid-containing apicomplexans Eimeria bovis and Toxoplasma gondii, as well as the plants Allium stellatum and Spinacia oleracea. Dot-blot hybridization of sporozoite genomic DNA (gDNA) supported these PCR results. A T. gondii plastid-specific set of probes containing SSU/LSU rRNA and tufA-tRNA(Phe) genes strongly hybridized to gDNA from a diverse group of plastid-containing organisms including three Apicomplexa, two plants, and Euglena gracilis, but not to those without this organelle including C. parvum, three kinetoplastids, the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, mammals and the eubacterium Escherichia coli. Since the origin of the plastid in other apicomplexans is postulated to be the result of a secondary symbiogenesis of either a red or a green alga, the most parsimonious explanation for its absence in C. parvum is that it has been secondarily lost. If confirmed, this would indicate an alternative evolutionary fate for this organelle in one member of the Apicomplexa. It also suggests that unlike the situation with other diseases caused by members of the Apicomplexa, drug development against cryptosporidiosis targeting a plastid genome or metabolic pathways associated with it may not be useful.	0
Abstract2class: Prevalence of fluoroquinolone resistance and mutations in the gyrA, parC and parE genes of Riemerella anatipestifer isolated from ducks in China Abstract: Background:                       Riemerella anatipestifer is one of the most serious infectious disease-causing pathogens in the duck industry. Drug administration is an important method for prevention and treatment of infection in duck production, leading to widespread drug resistance in R. anatipestifer.                  Methods:                       For a total of 162 isolates of R. anatipestifer, the MICs were determined for a quinolone antimicrobial agent, namely, nalidixic acid, and three fluoroquinolones, namely, ciprofloxacin, enrofloxacin and ofloxacin. The gyrA, parC, and parE gene fragments were amplified by PCR to identify the mutation sites in these strains. Site-directed mutants with mutations that were detected at a high frequency in vivo were constructed (hereafter referred to as site-directed in vivo mutants), and the MICs of these four drugs for these strains were determined.                  Results:                       In total, 100, 97.8, 99.3 and 97.8% of the 137 R. anatipestifer strains isolated between 2013 and 2018 showed resistance to nalidixic acid, ciprofloxacin, enrofloxacin, and ofloxacin, respectively. The high-frequency mutation sites were detected in a total of 162 R. anatipestifer strains, such as Ser83Ile and Ser83Arg, which are two types of substitution mutations of amino acid 83 in GyrA; Val799Ala and Ile811Val in ParC; and Val357Ile, His358Tyr, and Arg541Lys in ParE. MIC analysis results for the site-directed in vivo mutants showed that the strains with only the Ser83Ile mutation in GyrA exhibited an 8-16-fold increase in MIC values, and all mutants showed resistance to ampicillin and ceftiofur.                  Conclusions:                       The resistance of R. anatipestifer to quinolone agents is a serious problem. Amino acid 83 in GyrA is the major target mutation site for the fluoroquinolone resistance mechanism of R. anatipestifer.	0
Abstract2class: Determine independent gut microbiota-diseases association by eliminating the effects of human lifestyle factors Abstract: Lifestyle and physiological variables on human disease risk have been revealed to be mediated by gut microbiota. Low concordance between case-control studies for detecting disease-associated microbe existed due to limited sample size and population-wide bias in lifestyle and physiological variables. To infer gut microbiota-disease associations accurately, we propose to build machine learning models by including both human variables and gut microbiota. When the model's performance with both gut microbiota and human variables is better than the model with just human variables, the independent gut microbiota -disease associations will be confirmed. By building models on the American Gut Project dataset, we found that gut microbiota showed distinct association strengths with different diseases. Adding gut microbiota into human variables enhanced the classification performance of IBD significantly; independent associations between occurrence information of gut microbiota and irritable bowel syndrome, C. difficile infection, and unhealthy status were found; adding gut microbiota showed no improvement on models' performance for diabetes, small intestinal bacterial overgrowth, lactose intolerance, cardiovascular disease. Our results suggested that although gut microbiota was reported to be associated with many diseases, a considerable proportion of these associations may be very weak. We proposed a list of microbes as biomarkers to classify IBD and unhealthy status. Further functional investigations of these microbes will improve understanding of the molecular mechanism of human diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular study on the carAB operon reveals that carB gene is required for swimming and biofilm formation in Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri Abstract: Background:                       The carA and carB genes code the small and large subunits of carbamoyl-phosphate synthase (CPS) that responsible for arginine and pyrimidine production. The purpose of this work was to study the gene organization and expression pattern of carAB operon, and the biological functions of carA and carB genes in Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri.                  Methods:                       RT-PCR method was employed to identify the full length of carAB operon transcript in X. citri subsp. citri. The promoter of carAB operon was predicted and analyzed its activity by fusing a GUS reporter gene. The swimming motility was tested on 0.25% agar NY plates with 1% glucose. Biofilm was measured by cell adhesion to polyvinyl chloride 96-well plate.                  Results:                       The results indicated that carAB operon was composed of five gene members carA-orf-carB-greA-rpfE. A single promoter was predicted from the nucleotide sequence upstream of carAB operon, and its sensitivity to glutamic acid, uracil and arginine was confirmed by fusing a GUS reporter gene. Deletion mutagenesis of carB gene resulted in reduced abilities in swimming on soft solid media and in forming biofilm on polystyrene microtiter plates.                  Conclusions:                       From these results, we concluded that carAB operon was involved in multiple biological processes in X. citri subsp. citri.	0
Abstract2class: The virulent Wolbachia strain wMelPop increases the frequency of apoptosis in the female germline cells of Drosophila melanogaster Abstract: Background:                       Wolbachia are bacterial endosymbionts of many arthropod species in which they manipulate reproductive functions. The distribution of these bacteria in the Drosophila ovarian cells at different stages of oogenesis has been amply described. The pathways along which Wolbachia influences Drosophila oogenesis have been, so far, little studied. It is known that Wolbachia are abundant in the somatic stem cell niche of the Drosophila germarium. A checkpoint, where programmed cell death, or apoptosis, can occur, is located in region 2a/2b of the germarium, which comprises niche cells. Here we address the question whether or not the presence of Wolbachia in germarium cells can affect the frequency of cyst apoptosis in the checkpoint.                  Results:                       Our current fluorescent microscopic observations showed that the wMel and wMelPop strains had different effects on female germline cells of D. melanogaster. The Wolbachia strain wMel did not affect the frequency of apoptosis in cells of the germarium. The presence of the Wolbachia strain wMelPop in the D. melanogasterw1118 ovaries increased the number of germaria where cells underwent apoptosis in the checkpoint. Based on the appearance in the electron microscope, there was no difference in morphological features of apoptotic cystocytes between Wolbachia-infected and uninfected flies. Bacteria with normal ultrastructure and large numbers of degenerating bacteria were found in the dying cyst cells.                  Conclusions:                       Our current study demonstrated that the Wolbachia strain wMelPop affects the egg chamber formation in the D. melanogaster ovaries. This led to an increase in the number of germaria containing apoptotic cells. It is suggested that Wolbachia can adversely interfere either with the cystocyte differentiation into the oocyte or with the division of somatic stem cells giving rise to follicle cells and, as a consequence, to improper ratio of germline cells to follicle cells and, ultimately, to apoptosis of cysts. There was no similar adverse effect in D. melanogaster Canton S infected with the Wolbachia strain wMel. This was taken to mean that the observed increase in frequency of apoptosis was not the general effect of Wolbachia on germline cells of D. melanogaster, it was rather induced by the virulent Wolbachia strain wMelPop.	0
Abstract2class: Expression and promoter characterization of BbPacC, a pH response transcription factor gene of the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana Abstract: To survive, the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria bassiana, which shows promise as a biocontrol agent for a variety of pests, including agricultural and forestry pests and vectors of human pathogens, must tailor gene expression to the particular pH of its environment. The pH response transcription factor gene BbPacC and its flanking sequence were cloned from this fungus. Quantitative reverse transcription (RT)-PCR revealed that it is highly induced by alkaline pH and salt stress, and the expression level achieved twice that of the housekeeping gene γ-actin. A microfluorometric assay indicated that the 1479 bp promoter region could activate the expression of enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) under the same conditions. Truncation analysis showed that the 1479, 1274, 1040, 888 and 742 bp promoters have similar efficiencies in activating expression of β-glucuronidase (GUS). The GUS activities of corresponding transformants reached approximately 50 % that of those containing the strong constitutive promoter PtrpC. A truncation upstream at the -572 bp position (referenced to the translation start codon ATG), however, resulted in a significant loss of GUS activity. Both the upstream absences of the -502 and -387 bp positions caused almost complete loss of GUS activity. These results suggest that PPacC is an efficient, alkaline, and salt-inducible promoter, the core cis-elements are mainly located within the -742 to -502 bp region, and promoters equal to or longer than 742 bp may be feasible for regulating gene expression in response to an ambient pH or salt stress.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic molecular mimics of naturally occurring cyclopentenones exhibit antifungal activity towards pathogenic fungi Abstract: The naturally occurring reactive electrophilic species 12-oxo-phytodienoic acid (12-oxo-PDA) is a potent antifungal agent, whereas the plant growth regulator jasmonic acid, which is synthesized from 12-oxo-PDA, is ineffective. To address what structural features of the molecule endow it with antifungal activity, we synthesized a series of molecular mimics of 12-oxo-PDA varying in the length of the alkyl chain at its C-4 ring position. The octyl analogue (4-octyl cyclopentenone) was the most effective at suppressing spore germination and subsequent mycelial growth of a range of fungal pathogens and was particularly effective against Cladosporium herbarum and Botrytis cinerea, with minimum fungicidal concentrations in the range 100-200 µM. Introduction of a carboxyl group to the end of the chain, mimicking natural fatty acids, markedly reduced antifungal efficacy. Electrolyte leakage, indicative of membrane perturbation, was evident in both C. herbarum and B. cinerea exposed to 4-octyl cyclopentenone. Lipid composition analysis of the fungal spores revealed that those species with a high oil content, namely Fusarium oxysporum and Alternaria brassicicola, were less sensitive to 4-octyl cyclopentenone. The comparable hydrophobicity of 4-octyl cyclopentenone and 12-oxo-PDA accounts for the similar spore suppression activity of these two compounds. The relative ease of synthesis of 4-octyl cyclopentenone makes it an attractive compound for potential use as an antifungal agent.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of the oriC region and its influence on heterocyst development in the filamentous cyanobacterium Anabaena sp. strain PCC 7120 Abstract: Anabaena sp. strain PCC 7120 (Anabaena PCC 7120) is a filamentous, nitrogen-fixing cyanobacterium. Upon deprivation of combined nitrogen, about 5-10 % of the cells become heterocysts, i.e. cells devoted to N(2) fixation. Heterocysts are intercalated among vegetative cells and distributed in a semi-regular pattern, and adjacent heterocysts are rarely observed. Previously, we showed that the cell cycle could play a regulatory function during heterocyst development, although the mechanism involved remains unknown. As a further step to understand this phenomenon, we identified the oriC region for chromosomal DNA replication, located between dnaA and dnaN. The oriC region of Anabaena PCC 7120 was able to support the self-replication of a plasmid in the unicellular cyanobacterium Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803. Surprisingly, integration of the oriC region into the chromosome of Anabaena PCC 7120 through homologous recombination led to much slower cell growth in the absence of a combined-nitrogen source and to multiple contiguous proheterocysts after prolonged incubation. Real-time RT-PCR showed that expression of two heterocyst-related genes, hetR and hetN, was altered in these strains: hetR expression remained high 48 h after induction, and hetN increased to high levels after induction for 12 h. These results suggest that the balance between oriC and DnaA could be important for heterocyst development.	0
Abstract2class: Purification, characterization and synergism in autolysis of a group of 1,3-β-glucan hydrolases from the pilei of Coprinopsis cinerea fruiting bodies Abstract: Using a combined chromatography method, we simultaneously purified three protein fractions (II-2, II-3 and II-4) with 1,3-β-glucanase activity from extraction of pilei of Coprinopsis cinerea fruiting bodies. MALDI-TOF/TOF amino acid sequencing showed that these three fractions matched a putative exo-1,3-β-glucanase, a putative glucan 1,3-β-glucosidase and a putative glycosyl hydrolase family 16 protein annotated in the C. cinerea genome, respectively; however, they were characterized as a 1,3-β-glucosidase, an exo-1,3-β-glucanase and an endo-1,3-β-glucanase, respectively, by analysis of their substrate specificities and modes of action. This study explored how these three 1,3-β-glucoside hydrolases synergistically acted on laminarin: the endo-1,3-β-glucanase hydrolysed internal glycosidic bonds of laminarin to generate 1,3-β-oligosaccharides of various lengths, the exo-1,3-β-glucanase cleaved the longer-chain laminarioligosaccharides into short-chain disaccharides, laminaribiose and gentiobiose, and the 1,3-β-glucosidase further hydrolysed laminaribiose to glucose. The remaining gentiobiose must be hydrolysed by other 1,6-β-glucosidases. Therefore, the endo-1,3-β-glucanase, exo-1,3-β-glucanase and 1,3-β-glucosidase may act synergistically to completely degrade the 1,3-β-glucan backbone of the C. cinerea cell wall during fruiting body autolysis. These three 1,3-β-glucoside hydrolases share a similar optimum pH and optimum temperature, supporting the speculation that these enzymes work together under the same conditions to degrade 1,3-β-glucan in the C. cinerea cell wall during fruiting body autolysis.	0
Abstract2class: Alpha-1-antitrypsin interacts with gp41 to block HIV-1 entry into CD4+ T lymphocytes Abstract: Background:                       Study of a clinic case reveals that alpha-1-antitrypsin (AAT) deficiency is related to CD4+ T cell count decline and AIDS progression, suggesting that AAT might be an endogenous inhibitor of HIV/AIDS. Previous study shows that AAT inhibits HIV-1 replication in infected host cells and the C-terminus fragment of AAT, VIRIP, interferes with HIV-1 infection. However, it is still unclear whether and how intact AAT inhibits HIV-1 infection. It is also unknown what the mechanism of AAT is and which critical step(s) are involved.                  Results:                       In the present study, the C-terminus of AAT (C) was synthesized. C terminus-truncated AAT (ΔAAT) was also prepared by digesting AAT with metalloproteinase. Primary CD4+ T cells were then co-cultured with HIV-1 with the presence or absence of AAT/C/ΔAAT to detect cis-infection of HIV-1. The interaction between AAT/C/ΔAAT and gp120/gp41 was also measured. Meanwhile, HIV-1 reverse transcriptase activity and viral DNA integration were also detected in these lymphocytes. The results demonstrated that AAT and C, not ΔAAT, inhibited HIV-1 entry by directly interacting with gp41. Meanwhile, AAT, C and ΔAAT could not directly interfere with the steps of viral RNA reverse transcription and viral DNA integration.                  Conclusion:                       AAT inhibits HIV-1 entry by directly interacting with gp41 through its C-terminus and thereby inhibits HIV-1 infection.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of vaginal microbial communities in adult healthy women using cultivation-independent methods Abstract: The normal microbial flora of the vagina plays an important role in preventing genital and urinary tract infections in women. Thus an accurate understanding of the composition and ecology of the ecosystem is important to understanding the aetiology of these diseases. Common wisdom is that lactobacilli dominate the normal vaginal microflora of post-pubertal women. However, this conclusion is based on methods that require cultivation of microbial populations; an approach that is known to yield a biased and incomplete assessment of microbial community structure. In this study cultivation-independent methods were used to analyse samples collected from the mid-vagina of five normal healthy Caucasian women between the ages of 28 and 44. Total microbial community DNA was isolated following resuspension of microbial cells from vaginal swabs. To identify the constituent numerically dominant populations in each community 16S rRNA gene libraries were prepared following PCR amplification using the 8f and 926r primers. From each library, the DNA sequences of approximately 200 16S rRNA clones were determined and subjected to phylogenetic analyses. The diversity and kinds of organisms that comprise the vaginal microbial community varied among women. Species of Lactobacillus appeared to dominate the communities in four of the five women. However, the community of one woman was dominated by Atopobium sp., whereas a second woman had appreciable numbers of Megasphaera sp., Atopobium sp. and Leptotrichia sp., none of which have previously been shown to be common members of the vaginal ecosystem. Of the women whose communities were dominated by lactobacilli, there were two distinct clusters, each of which consisted of a single species. One class consisted of two women with genetically divergent clones that were related to Lactobacillus crispatus, whereas the second group of two women had clones of Lactobacillus iners that were highly related to a single phylotype. These surprising results suggest that culture-independent methods can provide new insights into the diversity of bacterial species found in the human vagina, and this information could prove to be pivotal in understanding risk factors for various infectious diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Type III secretion system 1 of Vibrio parahaemolyticus induces oncosis in both epithelial and monocytic cell lines Abstract: The Vibrio parahaemolyticus type III secretion system 1 (T3SS1) induces cytotoxicity in mammalian epithelial cells. We characterized the cell death phenotype in both epithelial (HeLa) and monocytic (U937) cell lines following infection with V. parahaemolyticus. Using a combination of the wild-type strain and gene knockouts, we confirmed that V. parahaemolyticus strain NY-4 was able to induce cell death in both cell lines via a T3SS1-dependent mechanism. Bacterial contact, but not internalization, was required for T3SS1-induced cytotoxicity. The mechanism of cell death involves formation of a pore structure on the surface of infected HeLa and U937 cells, as demonstrated by cellular swelling, uptake of cell membrane-impermeable dye and protection of cytotoxicity by osmoprotectant (PEG3350). Western blot analysis showed that poly ADP ribose polymerase (PARP) was not cleaved and remained in its full-length active form. This result was evident for seven different V. parahaemolyticus strains. V. parahaemolyticus-induced cytotoxicity was not inhibited by addition of the pan-caspase inhibitor carbobenzoxy-valyl-alanyl-aspartyl-[O-methyl]-fluoromethylketone (Z-VAD-FMK) or the caspase-1 inhibitor N-acetyl-tyrosyl-valyl-alanyl-aspartyl-aldehyde (Ac-YVAD-CHO); thus, caspases were not involved in T3SS1-induced cytotoxicity. DNA fragmentation was not evident following infection and autophagic vacuoles were not observed after monodansylcadaverine staining. We conclude that T3SS1 of V. parahaemolyticus strain NY-4 induces a host cell death primarily via oncosis rather than apoptosis, pyroptosis or autophagy.	0
Abstract2class: Reconstitution of F factor DNA replication in vitro with purified proteins Abstract: Jacob, Brenner, and Cuzin pioneered the development of the F plasmid as a model system to study replication control, and these investigations led to the development of the "replicon model" (Jacob, F., Brenner, S., and Cuzin, F. (1964) Cold Spring Harbor Symp. Quant. Biol. 28, 329-348). To elucidate further the mechanism of initiation of replication of this plasmid and its control, we have reconstituted its replication in vitro with 21 purified host-encoded proteins and the plasmid-encoded initiator RepE. The replication in vitro was specifically initiated at the F ori (oriV) and required both the bacterial initiator protein DnaA and the plasmid-encoded initiator RepE. The wild type dimeric RepE was inactive in catalyzing replication, whereas a monomeric mutant form called RepE(*) (R118P) was capable of catalyzing vigorous replication. The replication topology was mostly of the Cairns form, and the fork movement was unidirectional and mostly from right to left. The replication was dependent on the HU protein, and the structurally and functionally related DNA bending protein IHF could not efficiently substitute for HU. The priming was dependent on DnaG primase. Many of the characteristics of the in vitro replication closely mimicked those of in vivo replication. We believe that the in vitro system should be very useful in unraveling the mechanism of replication initiation and its control.	0
Abstract2class: The DnaK-DnaJ-GrpE chaperone system activates inert wild type pi initiator protein of R6K into a form active in replication initiation Abstract: The plasmid R6K is an interesting model system for investigating initiation of DNA replication, not only near the primary binding sites of the initiator protein pi but also at a distance, caused by pi -mediated DNA looping. An important milestone in the mechanistic analysis of this replicon was the development of a reconstituted replication system consisting of 22 different highly purified proteins (Abhyankar, M. A., Zzaman, S., and Bastia, D. (2003) J. Biol. Chem. 278, 45476-45484). Although the in vitro reconstituted system promotes ori gamma-specific initiation of replication by a mutant form of the initiator called pi*, the wild type (WT) pi is functionally inert in this system. Here we show that the chaperone DnaK along with its co-chaperone DnaJ and the nucleotide exchange factor GrpE were needed to activate WT pi and caused it to initiate replication in vitro at the correct origin. We show further that the reaction was relatively chaperone-specific and that other chaperones, such as ClpB and ClpX, were incapable of activating WT pi. The molecular mechanism of activation appeared to be a chaperone-catalyzed facilitation of dimeric inert WT pi into iteron-bound monomers. Protein-protein interaction analysis by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay revealed that, in the absence of ATP, DnaJ directly interacted with pi but its binary interactions with DnaK and GrpE and with ClpB and ClpX were at background levels, suggesting that pi is recruited by protein-protein interaction with DnaJ and then fed into the DnaK chaperone machine to promote initiator activation.	0
Abstract2class: Pleiotropic effects of Pasteurella multocida toxin are mediated by Gq-dependent and -independent mechanisms. involvement of Gq but not G11 Abstract: Pasteurella multocida toxin (PMT) is a highly potent mitogen for a variety of cell types. PMT has been shown to induce various cellular signaling processes, and it has been suggested to function through the heterotrimeric G-proteins G(q)/G(11). To analyze the role of G(q)/G(11) in the action of PMT, we have studied the effect of the toxin in Galpha(q)/Galpha(11) double-deficient fibroblasts as well as in fibroblasts lacking only Galpha(q) or Galpha(11). Interestingly, formation of inositol phosphates in response to PMT was exclusively dependent on Galpha(q) but not on the closely related Galpha(11). Although Galpha(q)/Galpha(11) double-deficient and Galpha(q)-deficient cells did not respond with any production of inositol phosphates to PMT, PMT was still able to induce various other cellular effects in these cells, including the activation of Rho, the Rho-dependent formation of actin stress fibers and focal adhesions, as well as the stimulation of c-Jun N-terminal kinase and extracellular signal-regulated kinase. These data show that PMT leads to a variety of cellular effects that are mediated only in part by the heterotrimeric G-protein G(q).	0
Abstract2class: [3H]diborane reduction of vitamin K-dependent calcium-binding proteins. Identification of a unique amino acid Abstract: gamma-Carboxyglutamic acid has recently been identified as a component of the vitamin K-dependent region of bovine prothrombin (Nelsestuen, G. L., Zytkovicz, T. H., and Howard J. B. (1974) J. Biol Chem. 249, 6347-6350). The presence of this amino acid has been substantiated here by the reduction of vitamin K-dependent proteins with [3H]-DIBORANE. The reduction product of gamma-carboxyglutamic acid, 5,5'-[3H]dihydroxyleucine, was shown to be present in hydrolysates of reduced rat prothrombin, bovine prothrombin, and bovine factor X. The results are consistent with a minimum of 10 gamma-carboxyglutamic acid residues in the nonthrombin-generating region of bovine prothrombin but no such residues in the thrombin precursor portion of prothrombin. It is concluded that amino acid analyses of [3H]diborane-reduced proteins provides a sensitive, qualitative method for the identification of proteins which contain gamma-carboxyglutamic acid and are vitamin K-dependent.	0
Abstract2class: Adaptor protein complex-1 (AP-1) is recruited by the HEATR5 protein Laa1 and its co-factor Laa2 in yeast Abstract: Cellular membrane trafficking mediated by the clathrin adaptor protein complex-1 (AP-1) is important for the proper composition and function of organelles of the endolysosomal system. Normal AP-1 function requires proteins of the HEAT repeat-containing 5 (HEATR5) family. Although HEATR5 proteins were first identified based on their ability to interact with AP-1, the functional significance of this interaction was unknown. We used bioinformatics-based phenotypic profiling and information from genome-wide fluorescence microscopy studies in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae to identify a protein, Laa2, that mediates the interaction between AP-1 and the yeast HEATR5 protein Laa1. Further characterization of Laa2 revealed that it binds to both Laa1 and AP-1. Laa2 contains a motif similar to the characterized γ-ear-binding sites found in other AP-1-binding proteins. This motif in Laa2 is essential for the Laa1-AP-1 interaction. Moreover, mutation of this motif disrupted AP-1 localization and function and caused effects similar to mutations that remove the γ-ear of AP-1. These results indicate that Laa2 mediates the interaction between Laa1 and AP-1 and reveal that this interaction promotes the stable association of AP-1 with membranes in yeast.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-linking of a growth hormone releasing factor-binding protein in anterior pituitary cells Abstract: Growth hormone-releasing factor (GRF) stimulates the release of growth hormone from the anterior pituitary and is related to the peptides of the glucagon/secretin family. Although the mechanism of action of this hormone has been studied in considerable detail, little is known concerning the GRF receptor itself. We have attempted to label the GRF receptor by chemically coupling the 125I-GRF analog [His1, Nle27]-hGRF(1-32)-NH2 (GRFa) (where Nle is norleucine) to plated rat anterior pituitary cells with the protein cross-linker disuccinimidyl suberate (DSS) (0.1 mM). Verification of biological activity of the 125I-GRFa was confirmed prior to the cross-linking experiments using the reverse hemolytic plaque assay. Whole cell extracts prepared from the cross-linked cells were subjected to sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis followed by autoradiography of the dried gels. Four bands of 72, 50, 30, and 26 kDa were detected in autoradiograms from cells exposed to the labeled analog for 20 min (22 degrees C) followed by exposure to DSS for 2 min. The 72-kDa band was interpreted to be bovine serum albumin, which was used as a carrier in initial studies. The 50- and 30-kDa bands were very faint and probably represent nonspecific binding sites since they were unchanged in the presence of excess unlabeled GRFa. The 26-kDa band was diminished in a concentration-dependent manner by unlabeled rat GRF, GRFa, and to a lesser extent by vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP). It is unlikely, however, that GRFa was acting at a VIP receptor since the labeled analog did not induce prolactin secretion (VIP is a prolactin secretagogue). GRFa also increased cellular cAMP to levels similar to GRF and greater than VIP. Autoradiographs from gels run under nonreducing conditions revealed the 26-kDa band as the major species, indicating that, if a polymeric form of this binding protein exists, it does not involve disulfide linkages. Thus, the best candidate for the putative GRF receptor is the 26-kDa band. We have further demonstrated that the higher concentrations of DSS used previously (5 mM) result in diffuse autoradiograms with multiple bands, suggesting that caution should be exercised when interpreting cross-linking data under these conditions.	0
Abstract2class: The electrophilic and leaving group phosphates in the catalytic mechanism of yeast pyrophosphatase Abstract: Binding of pyrophosphate or two phosphate molecules to the pyrophosphatase (PPase) active site occurs at two subsites, P1 and P2. Mutations at P2 subsite residues (Y93F and K56R) caused a much greater decrease in phosphate binding affinity of yeast PPase in the presence of Mn(2+) or Co(2+) than mutations at P1 subsite residues (R78K and K193R). Phosphate binding was estimated in these experiments from the inhibition of ATP hydrolysis at a sub-K(m) concentration of ATP. Tight phosphate binding required four Mn(2+) ions/active site. These data identify P2 as the high affinity subsite and P1 as the low affinity subsite, the difference in the affinities being at least 250-fold. The time course of five "isotopomers" of phosphate that have from zero to four (18)O during [(18)O]P(i)-[(16)O]H(2)O oxygen exchange indicated that the phosphate containing added water is released after the leaving group phosphate during pyrophosphate hydrolysis. These findings provide support for the structure-based mechanism in which pyrophosphate hydrolysis involves water attack on the phosphorus atom located at the P2 subsite of PPase.	0
Abstract2class: Toluene degradation by Pseudomonas putida F1. Nucleotide sequence of the todC1C2BADE genes and their expression in Escherichia coli Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of the todC1C2BADE genes which encode the first three enzymes in the catabolism of toluene by Pseudomonas putida F1 was determined. The genes encode the three components of the toluene dioxygenase enzyme system: reductaseTOL (todA), ferredoxinTOL (todB), and the two subunits of the terminal dioxygenase (todC1C2); (+)-cis-(1S, 2R)-dihydroxy-3-methylcyclohexa-3,5-diene dehydrogenase (todD); and 3-methylcatechol 2,3-dioxygenase (todE). Knowledge of the nucleotide sequence of the tod genes was used to construct clones of Escherichia coli JM109 that overproduce toluene dioxygenase (JM109(pDT-601]; toluene dioxygenase and (+)-cis-(1S, 2R)-dihydroxy-3-methylcyclohexa-3,5-diene dehydrogenase (JM109(pDTG602]; and toluene dioxygenase, (+)-cis-(1S, 2R)-dihydroxy-3-methylcyclohexa-3,5-diene dehydrogenase, and 3-methylcatechol 2,3-dioxygenase (JM109(pDTG603]. The overexpression of the tod-C1C2BADE gene products was detected by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. The three E. coli JM109 strains harboring the plasmids pDTG601, pDTG602, and pDTG603, after induction with isopropyl-beta-D-thiogalactopyranoside, oxidized toluene to (+)-cis-(1S, 2R)-dihydroxy-3-methylcyclohexa-3,5-diene, 3-methylcatechol, and 2-hydroxy-6-oxo-2,4-heptadienoate, respectively. The tod-C1C2BAD genes show significant homology to the reported nucleotide sequence for benzene dioxygenase and cis-1,2-dihydroxycyclohexa-3,5-diene dehydrogenase from P. putida 136R-3 (Irie, S., Doi, S., Yorifuji, T., Takagi, M., and Yano, K. (1987) J. Bacteriol. 169, 5174-5179). In addition, significant homology was observed between the nucleotide sequences for the todDE genes and the sequences reported for cis-1,2-dihydroxy-6-phenylcyclohexa-3,5-diene dehydrogenase and 2,3-dihydroxybiphenyl-1,2-dioxygenase from Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes KF707 (Furukawa, K., Arimura, N., and Miyazaki, T. (1987) J. Bacteriol. 169, 427-429).	0
Abstract2class: Purine and pyrimidine transport by cultured Novikoff cells. Specificities and mechanism of transport and relationship to phosphoribosylation Abstract: Adenine, guanine, and hypoxanthine were rapidly incorporated into the acid-soluble nucleotide pool and nucleic acids by wild type Novikoff cells. Incorporation followed normal Michaelis-Menten kinetics, but the following evidence indicates that specific transport processes precede the phosphoribosyltransferase reactions and are the rate-limiting step in purine incorporation by whole cells. Cells of an azaguanine-resistant subline of Novikoff cells which lacked hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase activity and failed to incorporate guanine or hypoxanthine into the nucleotide pool, exhibited uptake of guanine and hypoxanthine by a saturable process. Similarly, wild type cells which had been preincubated in a glucose-free basal medium containing KCN and iodoacetate transported guanine and hypoxanthine normally, although a conversion of these purines to nucleotides did not occur in these cells. The mutant and KCN-iodoacetate treated wild type cells also exhibited countertransport of guanine and hypoxanthine when preloaded with various purines, uracil, and pyrimidine nucleosides. The cells also possess a saturable transport system for uracil although they lack phosphoribosyltransferase activity for uracil. In the absence of phosphoribosylation, none of the substrates was accumulated against a concentration gradient. Thus transport is by facilitated diffusion (nonconcentrative transport). Furthermore, the apparent Km values for purine uptake by untreated wild type and azaguanine-resistant cells were higher and the apparent Vmax values were lower than those for the corresponding phosphoribosyltransferases...	0
Abstract2class: Purification and properties of the Escherichia coli dnaK replication protein Abstract: The Escherichia coli dnaK+ gene was cloned into the "runaway" plasmid vector pMOB45 resulting in a large overproduction of the dnaK protein. The dnaK protein was purified by following its ability to complement the replication of single-stranded M13 bacteriophage DNA in a reaction system dependent on the presence of the lambda O and P DNA replication proteins. The DNA replication activity of the dnaK protein is also essential for lambda dv DNA replication in vitro, since antibodies against it were shown to inhibit the reaction. Purified dnaK protein preparations possess a weak ATPase activity and an autophosphorylating activity which copurify with its DNA replication activity throughout all purification steps. The dnaK protein is an acidic largely monomeric protein of Mr = 72,000 and 78,400 under denaturing and native conditions, respectively. The amino acid composition and N-terminal amino acid sequence match those predicted from the DNA sequence of the dnaK gene (Bardwell, J.C.A., and Craig, E. (1984) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 81, 848-852).	0
Abstract2class: Purification and properties of the dnaJ replication protein of Escherichia coli Abstract: The Escherichia coli dnaJ gene was originally discovered because mutations in it blocked bacteriophage lambda DNA replication. Some of these mutations were subsequently shown to interfere with bacterial growth at high temperature, suggesting that dnaJ is an essential protein for the host as well. The first step in purifying the dnaJ protein was to overproduce it at least 50-fold by subcloning its gene into the pMOB45 runaway plasmid. The second step was the development of an in vitro system to assay for its activity. A Fraction II extract from dnaJ259 mutant bacteria was shown to be unable to replicate lambda dv DNA unless supplemented with an exogenous source of wild-type dnaJ protein. Using this complementation assay we purified the dnaJ protein to homogeneity from the membrane fraction of an overproducing strain of bacteria. The purified dnaJ protein was shown to be a basic (pI 8.5), yet hydrophobic, protein of Mr 37,000 and 76,000 under denaturing and native conditions, respectively, and to exhibit affinity for both single- and double-stranded DNA. Using a partially purified lambda dv replication system dependent on the presence of the lambda O and P initiator proteins and at least the host dnaB, dnaG, dnaJ, dnaK, single-stranded DNA-binding protein, gyrase, RNA polymerase holoenzyme, and DNA polymerase III holoenzyme, we have shown that the dnaJ protein is required at a very early step in the DNA replication process.	0
Abstract2class: The grpE protein of Escherichia coli. Purification and properties Abstract: The grpE gene of Escherichia coli was first identified because a mutation in it, grpE280, prevented bacteriophage lambda DNA replication in vivo. Subsequent work resulted in the identification of the grpE protein in two-dimensional gels and its classification as a heat shock protein. Here we report the purification of the grpE protein. We show that overproduction of grpE occurs in dnaK 103 bacteria which do not produce a functional Mr 72,000 dnaK protein. The grpE protein was purified from this strain primarily by its specific retention on a dnaK affinity column. The interaction between these two proteins, which is stable in the presence of 2 M KCl, allowed other proteins to be washed from this column. grpE was then eluted by ATP, which disrupts the interaction. During purification, grpE activity was monitored by its ability to complement an in vitro lambda dv DNA replication system dependent on the lambda O and lambda P proteins. The effect of ATP on the dnaK-grpE complex was also observed during sedimentation of the two proteins in glycerol gradients. Purified grpE protein has a Mr of approximately 23,000 under both denaturing and native conditions, as determined by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and sedimentation, respectively. However, in the presence of dnaK under native conditions, grpE cosediments with dnaK. When ATP is added to the gradient, the complex is disrupted, and the two proteins sediment independently as monomers.	0
Abstract2class: High order quaternary arrangement confers increased structural stability to Brucella sp. lumazine synthase Abstract: The penultimate step in the pathway of riboflavin biosynthesis is catalyzed by the enzyme lumazine synthase (LS). One of the most distinctive characteristics of this enzyme is the structural quaternary divergence found in different species. The protein exists as pentameric and icosahedral forms, built from practically the same structural monomeric unit. The pentameric structure is formed by five 18-kDa monomers, each extensively contacting neighboring monomers. The icosahedrical structure consists of 60 LS monomers arranged as 12 pentamers giving rise to a capsid exhibiting icosahedral 532 symmetry. In all lumazine synthases studied, the topologically equivalent active sites are located at the interfaces between adjacent subunits in the pentameric modules. The Brucella sp. lumazine synthase (BLS) sequence clearly diverges from pentameric and icosahedric enzymes. This unusual divergence prompted us to further investigate its quaternary arrangement. In the present work, we demonstrate by means of solution light scattering and x-ray structural analyses that BLS assembles as a very stable dimer of pentamers, representing a third category of quaternary assembly for lumazine synthases. We also describe by spectroscopic studies the thermodynamic stability of this oligomeric protein and postulate a mechanism for dissociation/unfolding of this macromolecular assembly. The higher molecular order of BLS increases its stability 20 degrees C compared with pentameric lumazine synthases. The decameric arrangement described in this work highlights the importance of quaternary interactions in the stabilization of proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Donor strand sequence, rather than donor strand orientation, determines the stability and non-equilibrium folding of the type 1 pilus subunit FimA Abstract: FimA is the main structural subunit of adhesive type 1 pili from uropathogenic Escherichia coli strains. Up to 3000 copies of FimA assemble to the helical pilus rod through a mechanism termed donor strand complementation, in which the incomplete immunoglobulin-like fold of each FimA subunit is complemented by the N-terminal extension (Nte) of the next subunit. The Nte of FimA, which exhibits a pseudo-palindromic sequence, is inserted in an antiparallel orientation relative to the last β-strand of the preceding subunit in the pilus. The resulting subunit-subunit interactions are extraordinarily stable against dissociation and unfolding. Alternatively, FimA can fold to a self-complemented monomer with anti-apoptotic activity, in which the Nte inserts intramolecularly into the FimA core in the opposite, parallel orientation. The FimA monomers, however, show dramatically lower thermodynamic stability compared with FimA subunits in the assembled pilus. Using self-complemented FimA variants with reversed, pseudo-palindromic extensions, we demonstrate that the high stability of FimA polymers is primarily caused by the specific interactions between the side chains of the Nte residues and the FimA core and not by the antiparallel orientation of the donor strand alone. In addition, we demonstrate that nonequilibrium two-state folding, a hallmark of FimA with the Nte inserted in the pilus rod-like, antiparallel orientation, only depends on the identity of the inserted Nte side chains and not on Nte orientation.	0
Abstract2class: Alternative folding to a monomer or homopolymer is a common feature of the type 1 pilus subunit FimA from enteroinvasive bacteria Abstract: Adhesive type 1 pili from enteroinvasive, Gram-negative bacteria mediate attachment to host cells. Up to 3000 copies of the main pilus subunit, FimA, assemble into the filamentous, helical quaternary structure of the pilus rod via a mechanism termed donor-strand complementation, in which the N-terminal extension of each subunit, the donor strand, is inserted into the incomplete immunoglobulin-like fold of the preceding FimA subunit. For FimA from Escherichia coli, it has been previously shown that the protein can also adopt a monomeric, self-complemented conformation in which the donor strand is inserted intramolecularly in the opposite orientation relative to that observed for FimA polymers. Notably, soluble FimA monomers can act as apoptosis inhibitors in epithelial cells after uptake of type 1-piliated pathogens. Here, we show that the FimA orthologues from Escherichia coli, Shigella flexneri, and Salmonella enterica can all fold to form self-complemented monomers. We solved X-ray structures of all three FimA monomers at 0.89-1.69 Å resolutions, revealing identical, intramolecular donor-strand complementation mechanisms. Our results also showed that the pseudo-palindromic sequences of the donor strands in all FimA proteins permit their alternative folding possibilities. All FimA monomers proved to be 50-60 kJ/mol less stable against unfolding than their pilus rod-like counterparts (which exhibited very high energy barriers of unfolding and refolding). We conclude that the ability of FimA to adopt an alternative, monomeric state with anti-apoptotic activity is a general feature of FimA proteins of type 1-piliated bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: T-LAK cell-originated protein kinase (TOPK) phosphorylation of Prx1 at Ser-32 prevents UVB-induced apoptosis in RPMI7951 melanoma cells through the regulation of Prx1 peroxidase activity Abstract: Protein kinases are potential targets for the prevention and control of UV-induced skin cancer. T-cell-originated protein kinase (TOPK) is highly expressed in skin cancer cells, but its specific function is still unknown. We investigated the role of TOPK in UVB-induced apoptosis in RPMI7951 human melanoma cells. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry analysis was used to identify proteins that bind with TOPK. Immunofluorescence, Western blot, and flow cytometry were used to assess the effect of UVB on TOPK, peroxiredoxin 1 (Prx1), and apoptosis in RPMI7951 cells. TOPK binds with Prx1 and its phosphorylation of Prx1 at Ser-32 is important for regulation of H(2)O(2)-mediated signal transduction. Analysis of the CD spectra of Prx1 and mutant Prx1 (S32A) proteins showed that the secondary structure of Prx1 was significantly altered by phosphorylation of Prx1 at Ser-32. UVB irradiation induced phosphorylation of TOPK in RPMI7951 human melanoma cells and phosphorylated TOPK co-localized with Prx1 in the nucleus. UVB induced the peroxidase activity of Prx1 in vitro and ex vivo. Following treatment with UVB, H(2)O(2) levels and apoptosis were increased in RPMI7951 cells stably expressing TOPK siRNA or stably mutant Prx1 (S32A). Phosphorylation of Prx1 (Ser-32) by TOPK prevents UVB-induced apoptosis in RPMI7951 melanoma cells through regulation of Prx1 peroxidase activity and blockade of intracellular H(2)O(2) accumulation.	0
Abstract2class: Heme protects Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus from calprotectin-induced iron starvation Abstract: Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus are opportunistic bacterial pathogens that cause severe infections in immunocompromised individuals and patients with cystic fibrosis. Both P. aeruginosa and S. aureus require iron to infect the mammalian host. To obtain iron, these pathogens may rely on siderophore-mediated ferric iron uptake, ferrous iron uptake, or heme uptake at different points during infection. The preferred iron source depends on environmental conditions, including the presence of iron-sequestering host-defense proteins. Here, we investigate how the presence of heme, a highly relevant iron source during infection, affects bacterial responses to iron withholding by the innate immune protein calprotectin (CP). Prior work has shown that P. aeruginosa is starved of iron in the presence of CP. We report that P. aeruginosa upregulates expression of heme uptake machinery in response to CP. Furthermore, we show that heme protects P. aeruginosa from CP-mediated inhibition of iron uptake and iron-starvation responses. We extend our study to a second bacterial pathogen, S. aureus, and demonstrate that CP also inhibits iron uptake and induces iron-starvation responses by this pathogen. Similarly to P. aeruginosa, we show that heme protects S. aureus from CP-mediated inhibition of iron uptake and iron-starvation responses. These findings expand our understanding of microbial responses to iron sequestration by CP and highlight the importance of heme utilization for bacterial adaptation to host iron-withholding strategies.	0
Abstract2class: The human innate immune protein calprotectin induces iron starvation responses in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Most microbial pathogens have a metabolic iron requirement, necessitating the acquisition of this nutrient in the host. In response to pathogen invasion, the human host limits iron availability. Although canonical examples of nutritional immunity are host strategies that limit pathogen access to Fe(III), little is known about how the host restricts access to another biologically relevant oxidation state of this metal, Fe(II). This redox species is prevalent at certain infection sites and is utilized by bacteria during chronic infection, suggesting that Fe(II) withholding by the host may be an effective but unrecognized form of nutritional immunity. Here, we report that human calprotectin (CP; S100A8/S100A9 or MRP8/MRP14 heterooligomer) inhibits iron uptake and induces an iron starvation response in Pseudomonas aeruginosa cells by sequestering Fe(II) at its unusual His6 site. Moreover, under aerobic conditions in which the Fe(III) oxidation state is favored, Fe(II) withholding by CP was enabled by (i) its ability to stabilize this redox state in solution and (ii) the production and secretion of redox-active, P. aeruginosa-produced phenazines, which reduce Fe(III) to Fe(II). Analyses of the interplay between P. aeruginosa secondary metabolites and CP indicated that Fe(II) withholding alters P. aeruginosa physiology and expression of virulence traits. Lastly, examination of the effect of CP on cell-associated metal levels in diverse human pathogens revealed that CP inhibits iron uptake by several bacterial species under aerobic conditions. This work implicates CP-mediated Fe(II) sequestration as a component of nutritional immunity in both aerobic and anaerobic milieus during P. aeruginosa infection.	0
Abstract2class: The properties of the positively charged loop region in PSI-G are essential for its "spontaneous" insertion into thylakoids and rapid assembly into the photosystem I complex Abstract: The PSI-G subunit of photosystem I (PSI) is an 11-kDa membrane protein that plays an important role in electron transport between plastocyanin and PSI and is involved in the stability of the PSI complex. Within the complex, the PSI-G subunit is bound to PSI-B and is in contact with Lhca1. PSI-G has two transmembrane spans connected by a positively charged stromal loop. The loop is inaccessible to proteases, indicating a tightly bound location within the PSI complex. Here, we have studied the insertion mechanism and assembly of PSI-G. We show that the protein inserts into thylakoids by a direct or "spontaneous" pathway that does not involve the activities of any known chloroplast protein-targeting machinery. Surprisingly, the positively charged stromal loop region plays a major role in this process. Mutagenesis or deletions within this region almost invariably lead to a marked lowering of insertion efficiency, strongly indicating a critical role for the loop in the organization of the transmembrane regions prior to or during membrane insertion. Finally, we have examined the assembly of newly inserted PSI-G into the PSI complex, since very little is known of the assembly pathway for this large multimeric complex. Interestingly, we find that inserted PSI-G can be found within the full PSI complex within the import assay time frame after insertion into thylakoids, strongly suggesting that PSI-G normally associates at the end of the assembly process. This is consistent with its location on the periphery of the complex.	0
Abstract2class: CaMKII enhances voltage-gated sodium channel Nav1.6 activity and neuronal excitability Abstract: Nav1.6 is the primary voltage-gated sodium channel isoform expressed in mature axon initial segments and nodes, making it critical for initiation and propagation of neuronal impulses. Thus, Nav1.6 modulation and dysfunction may have profound effects on input-output properties of neurons in normal and pathological conditions. Phosphorylation is a powerful and reversible mechanism regulating ion channel function. Because Nav1.6 and the multifunctional Ca2+/CaM-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) are independently linked to excitability disorders, we sought to investigate modulation of Nav1.6 function by CaMKII signaling. We show that inhibition of CaMKII, a Ser/Thr protein kinase associated with excitability, synaptic plasticity, and excitability disorders, with the CaMKII-specific peptide inhibitor CN21 reduces transient and persistent currents in Nav1.6-expressing Purkinje neurons by 87%. Using whole-cell voltage clamp of Nav1.6, we show that CaMKII inhibition in ND7/23 and HEK293 cells significantly reduces transient and persistent currents by 72% and produces a 5.8-mV depolarizing shift in the voltage dependence of activation. Immobilized peptide arrays and nanoflow LC-electrospray ionization/MS of Nav1.6 reveal potential sites of CaMKII phosphorylation, specifically Ser-561 and Ser-641/Thr-642 within the first intracellular loop of the channel. Using site-directed mutagenesis to test multiple potential sites of phosphorylation, we show that Ala substitutions of Ser-561 and Ser-641/Thr-642 recapitulate the depolarizing shift in activation and reduction in current density. Computational simulations to model effects of CaMKII inhibition on Nav1.6 function demonstrate dramatic reductions in spontaneous and evoked action potentials in a Purkinje cell model, suggesting that CaMKII modulation of Nav1.6 may be a powerful mechanism to regulate neuronal excitability.	0
Abstract2class: Recruitment of a foreign quinone into the A(1) site of photosystem I. II. Structural and functional characterization of phylloquinone biosynthetic pathway mutants by electron paramagnetic resonance and electron-nuclear double resonance spectroscopy Abstract: Electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) and electron-nuclear double resonance studies of the photosystem (PS) I quinone acceptor, A(1), in phylloquinone biosynthetic pathway mutants are described. Room temperature continuous wave EPR measurements at X-band of whole cells of menA and menB interruption mutants show a transient reduction and oxidation of an organic radical with a g-value and anisotropy characteristic of a quinone. In PS I complexes, the continuous wave EPR spectrum of the photoaccumulated Q(-) radical, measured at Q-band, and the electron spin-polarized transient EPR spectra of the radical pair P700(+) Q(-), measured at X-, Q-, and W-bands, show three prominent features: (i) Q(-) has a larger g-anisotropy than native phylloquinone, (ii) Q(-) does not display the prominent methyl hyperfine couplings attributed to the 2-methyl group of phylloquinone, and (iii) the orientation of Q(-) in the A(1) site as derived from the spin polarization is that of native phylloquinone in the wild type. Electron spin echo modulation experiments on P700(+) Q(-) show that the dipolar coupling in the radical pair is the same as in native PS I, i.e. the distance between P700(+) and Q(-) (25.3 +/- 0.3 A) is the same as between P700(+) and A(1)(-) in the wild type. Pulsed electron-nuclear double resonance studies show two sets of resolved spectral features with nearly axially symmetric hyperfine couplings. They are tentatively assigned to the two methyl groups of the recruited plastoquinone-9, and their difference indicates a strong inequivalence among the two groups when in the A(1) site. These results show that Q (i) functions in accepting an electron from A(0)(-) and in passing the electron forward to the iron-sulfur clusters, (ii) occupies the A(1) site with an orientation similar to that of phylloquinone in the wild type, and (iii) has spectroscopic properties consistent with its identity as plastoquinone-9.	0
Abstract2class: The transcription factor NF-kappaB/p50 interacts with the blk gene during B cell activation Abstract: The B cell-specific transcription factor Pax-5 has been shown previously to interact with the promoter of the blk gene in vitro. blk encodes a tyrosine kinase associated with the B cell receptor, which is expressed during the early but not the final stages of B cell development. To investigate whether Pax-5 regulates expression of the blk gene in vivo during B cell development and/or activation, Pax-5a was overexpressed in B cell lines. Increases in blk promoter activity using a chloramphenicol acetyltransferase reporter gene system suggested a role for Pax-5a as a transcriptional activator. Subsequent site-specific mutagenesis studies showed that mutations of the Pax-5 binding site on blk significantly alter promoter activity, although results suggested that other factors could bind to this region as well. Using mobility shift assays, we detected an inducible transcription factor that interacts strongly with a sequence overlapping the Pax-5 site on the blk promoter and identified this as a homodimer of NF-kappaB/p50, a member of the NF-kappaB/Rel family of transcription factors. This factor was present at high levels in lipopolysaccharide-activated normal B cells and in plasma cell lines but either at low levels or undetectable levels in resting normal B cells or pre-B or mature B cell lines. In contrast, lipopolysaccharide induction of a pre-B cell line (703/Z) induced a complex that contained both NF-kappaB/p50 and p65. These studies suggest that different NF-kappaB complexes are able to interact with a sequence overlapping the Pax-5 site on the blk promoter and that the relative levels of "bound" factor influence levels of blk expression. Since p50 homodimers and p50/p65 heterodimers of the NF-kappaB complex should have opposing effects on blk transcription, this could provide a mechanism to differentially regulate blk expression during B cell development and activation.	0
Abstract2class: The Pax-5 gene is alternatively spliced during B-cell development Abstract: The transcription factor Pax-5 is expressed during the early stages of B-cell differentiation and influences the expression of several B-cell-specific genes. In addition to the existing isoform (Pax-5, which we have named Pax-5a), we have isolated three new isoforms, Pax-5b, Pax-5d, and Pax-5e, from murine spleen and B-lymphoid cell lines using library screenings and polymerase chain reaction amplification. Isoforms Pax-5b and Pax-5e have spliced out their second exon, resulting in proteins with only a partial DNA-binding domain. Isoforms Pax-5d and Pax-5e have deleted the 3'-region, which encodes the transactivating domain, and replaced it with a novel sequence. The existence of alternative Pax-5 transcripts was confirmed using RNase protection assays. Furthermore, Pax-5a and Pax-5b proteins were detected using Western blot analysis. Pax-5a was detectable in pro-, pre-, and mature B-cell lines, but not in two plasmacytomas; Pax-5b was shown to be present at low levels in mature B-cell lines and, unexpectedly, in one plasma cell line, but not in pro-B-cell or T-cell lines. Mobility shift assays showed that in vitro translated Pax-5a and Pax-5d, but not Pax-5b or Pax-5e, could interact with a B-cell-specific activator protein-binding site on the blk promoter. Using this assay, we also showed that Pax-5d was present in nuclear extracts of some (but not all) B-lymphoid lines and interacts with the B-cell-specific activator protein-binding site. The pattern of differential expression of alternatively spliced Pax-5 isoforms suggests that they may be important regulators of transcription during B-cell maturation.	0
Abstract2class: Specific recognition of the blk promoter by the B-lymphoid transcription factor B-cell-specific activator protein Abstract: Several genes of the src family encode protein-tyrosine kinases that associate with the B-cell antigen receptor complex and are activated upon receptor cross-linking, including blk, lyn, and fyn. The blk gene is the only member of this family whose expression is restricted to B-lymphoid cells. In the B lineage, blk is developmentally regulated: blk transcripts are first detected in pro-B-cells and persist until the differentiation of mature B-cells to plasma cells. We have found that the blk promoter is a target for a specific DNA-binding protein whose activity in B-lymphoid cell lines is positively correlated with blk expression. By three criteria, we have identified this DNA-binding protein as the transcription factor B-cell-specific activator protein (BSAP): 1) oligonucleotides containing known BSAP recognition sites were found to compete specifically with blk for binding to the protein detected in B-lymphoid extracts; 2) authentic BSAP was shown to bind the same site within the blk promoter as the protein identified in B-lymphoid extracts; and 3) the specific DNA-protein complex formed in B-lymphoid extracts was shown to react with an anti-BSAP antiserum. BSAP has been implicated previously in the transcriptional regulation of CD19, whose pattern of expression in B-cell development coincides with that of blk. These observations, and the correlation between expression of BSAP and expression of blk, suggest that BSAP is a positive regulator of blk transcription.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular basis for barbed end uncapping by CARMIL homology domain 3 of mouse CARMIL-1 Abstract: Capping protein (CP) is a ubiquitously expressed, 62-kDa heterodimer that binds the barbed end of the actin filament with approximately 0.1 nm affinity to prevent further monomer addition. CARMIL is a multidomain protein, present from protozoa to mammals, that binds CP and is important for normal actin dynamics in vivo. The CARMIL CP binding site resides in its CAH3 domain (CARMIL homology domain 3) located at or near the protein's C terminus. CAH3 binds CP with approximately 1 nm affinity, resulting in a complex with weak capping activity (30-200 nm). Solution assays and single-molecule imaging show that CAH3 binds CP already present on the barbed end, causing a 300-fold increase in the dissociation rate of CP from the end (i.e. uncapping). Here we used nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) to define the molecular interaction between the minimal CAH3 domain (CAH3a/b) of mouse CARMIL-1 and CP. Specifically, we show that the highly basic CAH3a subdomain is required for the high affinity interaction of CAH3 with a complementary "acidic groove" on CP opposite its actin-binding surface. This CAH3a-CP interaction orients the CAH3b subdomain, which we show is also required for potent anti-CP activity, directly adjacent to the basic patch of CP, shown previously to be required for CP association to and high affinity interaction with the barbed end. The importance of specific residue interactions between CP and CAH3a/b was confirmed by site-directed mutagenesis of both proteins. Together, these results offer a mechanistic explanation for the barbed end uncapping activity of CARMIL, and they identify the basic patch on CP as a crucial regulatory site.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis for capping protein sequestration by myotrophin (V-1) Abstract: Capping protein (CP) is a ubiquitously expressed, heterodimeric 62-kDa protein that binds the barbed end of the actin filament with high affinity to block further filament elongation. Myotrophin (V-1) is a 13-kDa ankyrin repeat-containing protein that binds CP tightly, sequestering it in a totally inactive complex in vitro. Here, we elucidate the molecular interaction between CP and V-1 by NMR. Specifically, chemical shift mapping and intermolecular paramagnetic relaxation enhancement experiments reveal that the ankyrin loops of V-1, which are essential for V-1/CP interaction, bind the basic patch near the joint of the alpha tentacle of CP shown previously to drive most of the association of CP with and affinity for the barbed end. Consistently, site-directed mutagenesis of CP shows that V-1 and the strong electrostatic binding site for CP on the barbed end compete for this basic patch on CP. These results can explain how V-1 inactivates barbed end capping by CP and why V-1 is incapable of uncapping CP-capped actin filaments, the two signature biochemical activities of V-1.	0
Abstract2class: Leader peptidase is found in both the inner and outer membranes of Escherichia coli Abstract: Many membrane proteins are synthesized as transient precursors with an NH2-terminal leader (or signal) peptide. During insertion of these proteins into the membrane, leader peptides are removed by leader peptidase. One such enzyme has been detected in detergent extracts of Escherichia coli membranes and extensively purified using as an assay the removal of the leader sequence of procoat, the precursor of the major coat protein of bacteriophage M13. We now report that this leader peptidase is found in equal abundance in the inner and outer membranes of E. coli. Enzyme from each membrane accurately cleaves procoat to mature M13 coat protein. The salt, pH, and Mg2+ optima and inhibitor sensitivities of enzyme from each membrane are identical. Furthermore, the activities are indistinguishable upon ion exchange chromatography and nondenaturing gel electrophoresis. Finally, a strain of E. coli with a plasmid which causes overproduction of leader peptidase has elevated levels of enzyme in both the inner and outer membranes. Leader peptidase is the only known enzyme which is found in both inner and outer membrane fractions of E. coli; this may reflect its role in membrane biogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Purification and characterization of leader (signal) peptidase from Escherichia coli Abstract: Many membrane proteins and secreted proteins are synthesized in precursor form with 15 to 30 additional NH2-terminal residues. These "leader peptides" (pre-pieces, signal peptides) are removed as these proteins cross or insert into cellular membranes. "Leader peptidase" activities which catalyze this cleavage have been detected in crude extracts and found to be dependent on membrane fractions. We now describe a 6,000-fold purification of a leader peptidase from the membranes of uninfected Escherichia coli. This leader peptidase was assayed by its ability to cleave the 23-residue leader peptide from procoat, the precursor to bacteriophage M13 coat protein. Immunoprecipitation and amino acid sequencing showed that this enzyme cleaved procoat to produce authentic coat protein. No factors other than the leader peptidase were found to be required for the conversion of procoat protein to coat protein.	0
Abstract2class: Proteinaceous receptors for the import of mitochondrial precursor proteins Abstract: Mild trypsin treatment of isolated Neurospora mitochondria strongly inhibits their ability to bind and import the precursors of several mitochondrial proteins. Evidence is presented for two proteins, the ADP/ATP carrier and the mitochondrial porin, that specific binding of the precursors to the outer surface of the mitochondria is affected by the protease treatment. We suggest that the receptors that mediate the import of these two precursors are proteinaceous. Treatment of mitochondria with elastase also inhibits the binding and import of the ADP/ATP carrier and the porin. In contrast the import of the precursors of subunits 2 and 9 of the mitochondrial proton-translocating ATPase was unaffected by elastase treatment at the concentrations used. We suggest that the import pathways of the latter two proteins are distinct from those of the ADP/ATP carrier and the porin.	0
Abstract2class: Transfer of proteins into mitochondria. Precursor to the ADP/ATP carrier binds to receptor sites on isolated mitochondria Abstract: The precursor form of Neurospora crassa mitochondrial ADP/ATP carrier synthesized in a cell-free protein-synthesizing system can be imported into isolated mitochondria. If the mitochondrial transmembrane potential is abolished, import does not occur but the precursor binds to the mitochondrial surface. Upon reestablishment of the membrane potential, the bound precursor is imported. This occurs without dissociation of the bound precursor from the mitochondrial surface. We conclude that the binding observed represents an interaction with receptor sites and thus is an early step in the import pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Precursor proteins are transported into mitochondria in the absence of proteolytic cleavage of the additional sequences Abstract: Many nuclear-coded mitochondrial proteins are synthesized as larger precursor polypeptides that are proteolytically processed during import into the mitochondrion. This processing appears to be catalyzed by a soluble, metal-dependent protease localized in the mitochondrial matrix. In this report we employ an in vitro system to investigate the role of processing in protein import. Intact Neurospora crassa mitochondria were incubated with radiolabeled precursors in the presence of the chelator o-phenanthroline. Under these conditions, the processing of the precursors of the beta-subunit of F1-ATPase (F1 beta) and subunit 9 of the F0F1-ATPase was strongly inhibited. Protease-mapping studies indicated that import of the precursor proteins into the mitochondria continued in the absence of processing. Upon readdition of divalent metal to the treated mitochondria, the imported precursors were quantitatively converted to their mature forms. This processing of imported precursors occurred in the absence of a mitochondrial membrane potential and was extremely rapid even at 0 degrees C. This suggests that all or part of the polypeptide chain of the imported precursors had been translocated into the matrix location of the processing enzyme. Localization experiments suggested that the precursor to F1 beta is peripherally associated with the mitochondrial membrane while the precursor to subunit 9 appeared to be tightly bound to the membrane. We conclude that proteolytic processing is not necessary for the translocation of precursor proteins across mitochondrial membranes, but rather occurs subsequent to this event. On the basis of these and other results, a hypothetical pathway for the import of F1 beta and subunit 9 is proposed.	0
Abstract2class: Lactoferrin is a natural inhibitor of plasminogen activation Abstract: The plasminogen system is essential for dissolution of fibrin clots, and in addition, it is involved in a wide variety of other physiological processes, including proteolytic activation of growth factors, cell migration, and removal of protein aggregates. On the other hand, uncontrolled plasminogen activation contributes to many pathological processes (e.g. tumor cells' invasion in cancer progression). Moreover, some virulent bacterial species (e.g. Streptococci or Borrelia) bind human plasminogen and hijack the host's plasminogen system to penetrate tissue barriers. Thus, the conversion of plasminogen to the active serine protease plasmin must be tightly regulated. Here, we show that human lactoferrin, an iron-binding milk glycoprotein, blocks plasminogen activation on the cell surface by direct binding to human plasminogen. We mapped the mutual binding sites to the N-terminal region of lactoferrin, encompassed also in the bioactive peptide lactoferricin, and kringle 5 of plasminogen. Finally, lactoferrin blocked tumor cell invasion in vitro and also plasminogen activation driven by Borrelia Our results explain many diverse biological properties of lactoferrin and also suggest that lactoferrin may be useful as a potential tool for therapeutic interventions to prevent both invasive malignant cells and virulent bacteria from penetrating host tissues.	0
Abstract2class: Protein kinase C catalyzes phosphorylation of guanylate cyclase in vitro Abstract: Protein kinase C catalyzes phosphorylation of purified rat brain guanylate cyclase. The phosphorylation is marked by concomitant increase in guanylate cyclase activity. TPA further enhances both phosphorylation and activity of guanylate cyclase. Data seem to provide clues to the molecular mechanism of one of the transformation-like responses mimicked by 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate, i.e. the elevation of cyclic GMP. It is envisaged that protein kinase C may have a central role in the understanding of molecular events triggering carcinogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Recognition of a tetranucleotide loop of signal recognition particle RNA by protein SRP19 Abstract: The interaction of protein SRP19 with the RNA component of human signal recognition particle (SRP) was studied by site-directed mutagenesis of the SRP RNA. The effects of nucleotide changes in the tetranucleotide loop (tetraloop) of helix 6 showed that SRP19 recognizes a tetraloop in a sequence-specific manner. Adenosine 149 at the third position of the tetraloop was essential for binding. In contrast, changes of the base at the second position had no effect. Mutations that disrupt or compensate individual SRP RNA helices were generated to investigate the importance of base pairing and to identify other binding sites. Considerable base pairing was essential in helix 6. Another SRP19-binding site was located in the distal part of helix 8. The primary sequences of the tetraloop-binding protein SR19 and of bacterial ribosomal protein S15 are shown to be similar.	0
Abstract2class: How Phosphorylation and ATPase Activity Regulate Anion Flux though the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) Abstract: The cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR, ABCC7), mutations of which cause cystic fibrosis, belongs to the ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter family and works as a channel for small anions, such as chloride and bicarbonate. Anion channel activity is known to depend on phosphorylation by cAMP-dependent protein kinase A (PKA) and CFTR-ATPase activity. Whereas anion channel activity has been extensively investigated, phosphorylation and CFTR-ATPase activity are still poorly understood. Here, we show that the two processes can be measured in a label-free and non-invasive manner in real time in live cells, stably transfected with CFTR. This study reveals three key findings. (i) The major contribution (≥90%) to the total CFTR-related ATP hydrolysis rate is due to phosphorylation by PKA and the minor contribution (≤10%) to CFTR-ATPase activity. (ii) The mutant CFTR-E1371S that is still conductive, but defective in ATP hydrolysis, is not phosphorylated, suggesting that phosphorylation requires a functional nucleotide binding domain and occurs in the post-hydrolysis transition state. (iii) CFTR-ATPase activity is inversely related to CFTR anion flux. The present data are consistent with a model in which CFTR is in a closed conformation with two ATPs bound. The open conformation is induced by ATP hydrolysis and corresponds to the post-hydrolysis transition state that is stabilized by phosphorylation and binding of chloride channel potentiators.	0
Abstract2class: Distinct calcium-dependent pathways of epidermal growth factor receptor transactivation and PYK2 tyrosine phosphorylation in PC12 cells Abstract: Recently, we have demonstrated that in PC12 cells activation of the Ras/extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathway in response to membrane depolarization or bradykinin is mediated by calcium-dependent transactivation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Here we address the question whether Ca(2+)-calmodulin-dependent protein kinase (CaM kinase) has a role in the EGFR transactivation signal. Using compounds that selectively interfere with either CaM kinase activity or calmodulin function, we show that KCl-mediated membrane depolarization-triggered, but not bradykinin-mediated signals involve CaM kinase function upstream of the EGFR. Although both depolarization-induced calcium influx and bradykinin stimulation of PC12 cells were found to induce c-fos transcription through EGFR activation, the former signal is CaM kinase-dependent and the latter was shown to be independent. As PYK2 is also activated upon elevation of intracellular calcium, we investigated the potential involvement of this cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase in EGFR transactivation. Interestingly, we observed that inhibition of CaM kinase activity in PC12 cells abrogated tyrosine phosphorylation of PYK2 upon KCl but not bradykinin treatment. Nevertheless, PYK2 activation in response to both stimuli appeared to be mediated by pathways parallel to EGFR transactivation. Our data demonstrate the existence of two distinct calcium-dependent mechanisms leading either to EGFR-mediated extracellular signal-regulated activation or to PYK2 tyrosine phosphorylation. Both pathways either in concert or independently might contribute to the definition of biological responses in neuronal cell types.	0
Abstract2class: Critical role of calcium- dependent epidermal growth factor receptor transactivation in PC12 cell membrane depolarization and bradykinin signaling Abstract: PC12 cells respond to a variety of external stimuli such as growth factors, neurotransmitters, and membrane depolarization by activating the Ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway. Here we demonstrate that both depolarization-induced calcium influx and treatment with bradykinin stimulate tyrosine phosphorylation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). Using a tetracycline-controlled expression system in conjunction with a dominant-negative EGFR mutant, we demonstrate that depolarization and bradykinin triggered signals involve EGFR function upstream of SHC and MAP kinase. Furthermore, bradykinin-stimulated EGFR transactivation is critically dependent on the presence of extracellular calcium, and when triggered by ionophore treatment, calcium influx is already sufficient to induce EGFR tyrosine phosphorylation. Taken together, our results establish calcium-dependent EGFR transactivation as a signaling mechanism mediating activation of the Ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway in neuronal cell types.	0
Abstract2class: An archaebacterial ATPase, homologous to ATPases in the eukaryotic 26 S proteasome, activates protein breakdown by 20 S proteasomes Abstract: In eukaryotes, the 20 S proteasome is the proteolytic core of the 26 S proteasome, which degrades ubiquitinated proteins in an ATP-dependent process. Archaebacteria lack ubiquitin and 26 S proteasomes but do contain 20 S proteasomes. Many archaebacteria, such as Methanococcus jannaschii, also contain a gene (S4) that is highly homologous to the six ATPases in the 19 S (PA700) component of the eukaryotic 26 S proteasome. To test if this putative ATPase may regulate proteasome function, we expressed it in Escherichia coli and purified the 50-kDa product as a 650-kDa complex with ATPase activity. When mixed with the well characterized 20 S proteasomes from Thermoplasma acidophilum and ATP, this complex stimulated degradation of several unfolded proteins 8-25-fold. It also stimulated proteolysis by 20 S proteasomes from another archaebacterium and mammals. This effect required ATP hydrolysis since ADP and the nonhydrolyzable analog, 5'-adenylyl beta, gamma-imidophosphate, were ineffective. CTP and to a lesser extent GTP and UTP were also hydrolyzed and also stimulated proteolysis. We therefore named this complex PAN for proteasome-activating nucleotidase. However, PAN did not promote the degradation of small peptides, which, unlike proteins, should readily diffuse into the proteasome. This ATPase complex appears to have been the evolutionary precursor of the eukaryotic 19 S complex, before the coupling of proteasome function to ubiquitination.	0
Abstract2class: The Redox-Bohr group associated with iron-sulfur cluster N2 of complex I Abstract: Proton pumping respiratory complex I (NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase) is a major component of the oxidative phosphorylation system in mitochondria and many bacteria. In mammalian cells it provides 40% of the proton motive force needed to make ATP. Defects in this giant and most complicated membrane-bound enzyme cause numerous human disorders. Yet the mechanism of complex I is still elusive. A group exhibiting redox-linked protonation that is associated with iron-sulfur cluster N2 of complex I has been proposed to act as a central component of the proton pumping machinery. Here we show that a histidine in the 49-kDa subunit that resides near iron-sulfur cluster N2 confers this redox-Bohr effect. Mutating this residue to methionine in complex I from Yarrowia lipolytica resulted in a marked shift of the redox midpoint potential of iron-sulfur cluster N2 to the negative and abolished the redox-Bohr effect. However, the mutation did not significantly affect the catalytic activity of complex I and protons were pumped with an unchanged stoichiometry of 4 H(+)/2e(-). This finding has significant implications on the discussion about possible proton pumping mechanism for complex I.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on lactoferricin-derived Escherichia coli membrane-active peptides reveal differences in the mechanism of N-acylated versus nonacylated peptides Abstract: To improve the low antimicrobial activity of LF11, an 11-mer peptide derived from human lactoferricin, mutant sequences were designed based on the defined structure of LF11 in the lipidic environment. Thus, deletion of noncharged polar residues and strengthening of the hydrophobic N-terminal part upon adding a bulky hydrophobic amino acid or N-acylation resulted in enhanced antimicrobial activity against Escherichia coli, which correlated with the peptides' degree of perturbation of bacterial membrane mimics. Nonacylated and N-acylated peptides exhibited different effects at a molecular level. Nonacylated peptides induced segregation of peptide-enriched and peptide-poor lipid domains in negatively charged bilayers, although N-acylated peptides formed small heterogeneous domains resulting in a higher degree of packing defects. Additionally, only N-acylated peptides perturbed the lateral packing of neutral lipids and exhibited increased permeability of E. coli lipid vesicles. The latter did not correlate with the extent of improvement of the antimicrobial activity, which could be explained by the fact that elevated binding of N-acylated peptides to lipopolysaccharides of the outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria seems to counteract the elevated membrane permeabilization, reflected in the respective minimal inhibitory concentration for E. coli. The antimicrobial activity of the peptides correlated with an increase of membrane curvature stress and hence bilayer instability. Transmission electron microscopy revealed that only the N-acylated peptides induced tubular protrusions from the outer membrane, whereas all peptides caused detachment of the outer and inner membrane of E. coli bacteria. Viability tests demonstrated that these bacteria were dead before onset of visible cell lysis.	0
Abstract2class: Allosteric activation of acid alpha-glucosidase by the human papillomavirus E7 protein Abstract: Changes in the cellular carbohydrate metabolism are a hallmark of malignant transformation and represent one of the earliest discernible events in tumorigenesis. In the early stages of certain epithelial cancers, a metabolic switch is regularly observed, in which slowly growing glycogenotic cells are converted to highly proliferating basophilic cells. This step is accompanied by a rapid depletion of the intracellular glycogen stores, which in liver carcinogenesis results from the activation of the enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase by an as yet unknown mechanism. We show here that acid alpha-glucosidase is a target for the E7 protein encoded by human papillomavirus type 16, a human tumor virus that plays a key role in the genesis of cervical carcinoma. We show that expression of E7 induces the catalytic activity of acid alpha-glucosidase in vivo and wild type E7, but not transformation-deficient mutants bind directly to acid alpha-glucosidase and increase the catalytic activity of the enzyme in vitro. The data suggest that the E7 protein encoded by human papillomavirus type 16 can act as an allosteric activator of acid alpha-glucosidase.	0
Abstract2class: The Saccharomyces cerevisiae CDC6 gene is transcribed at late mitosis and encodes a ATP/GTPase controlling S phase initiation Abstract: We have compared the periodic fluctuation of mRNAs encoded by CDC6, a cell cycle gene controlling initiation of DNA replication, and CLN1, a G1 cyclin gene expressed at late G1. The maxima of CDC6 mRNA precede those of CLN1 mRNA by about 15 min in cells synchronized by release from pheromone arrest or from a cdc15 thermal arrest. CDC6 mRNA accumulates in cdc15-arrested telophase cells, decays around cell separation, and reappears during telophase and nuclear division of the next cycle. CDC6 transcription at late mitosis is not affected by the pheromone signaling pathway. The CDC6 mRNA fluctuation pattern is imposed to a CLN1-derived reporter gene if fused to the CDC6 promoter. The CDC6 gene was expressed in Escherichia coli as a glutathione-S-transferase fusion protein and purified by affinity chromatography. The Cdc6 protein binds rATP and rGTP upon UV cross-linking and catalyzes the DNA-independent hydrolysis of purine nucleoside triphosphates, but does not appear to interact directly with DNA. The Cdc6 protein may control the ATP-dependent initiation of replication by conferring ATPase activity to an origin-recognizing complex.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of protease-sensitive regions in the skeletal muscle sodium channel in vitro and implications for channel tertiary structure Abstract: The tertiary structure of the rat skeletal muscle sodium channel was probed in vitro by determining regions of sensitivity to V-8 protease, trypsin, and chymotrypsin. Resultant channel fragments were identified with antibodies to defined sequences distributed along the primary structure. The temporal pattern of proteolysis was followed with channel protein in either detergent-phospholipid micelles or membrane fragments as well as with channel exposed to sodium dodecyl sulfate. Proteolysis in micelles and membranes occurred in discrete, reproducible steps that were similar in both systems. Although the size of intermediates varied slightly, their sequence of appearance was similar for all enzymes, suggesting that the observed pattern was determined by the relative accessibility of selected sites in the tertiary structure. No major change in channel organization appeared to occur after solubilization of membranes in nonionic detergents. Highly accessible sites in the native structure included the carboxyl terminus and the region linking the second and third internal repeat domains, while the amino terminus and the repeat domains themselves were relatively resistant to proteolysis unless the protein was denatured. Kinetically, interdomain II-III was the most readily cleaved; interdomains I-II and especially III-IV were less easily accessible. While domains I and IV appeared to remain intact throughout our experiments, limit fragments for epitopes associated with domains II and III suggest that cleavage eventually occurs at sites between the putative S5 and S6 helices in these domains.	0
Abstract2class: Formation and resealing of intercalator-induced DNA strand breaks in permeabilized L1210 cells without the stimulated synthesis of poly(ADP-ribose) Abstract: DNA strand breaks produced by damaging agents such as x-ray generally stimulate poly(adenosine diphosphoribose) (ADP-R) synthesis in mammalian cells. DNA intercalating agents induce the formation of strand breaks which are unusual in that they are associated with tightly or covalently bound protein. In order to determine whether the intercalator-induced strand breaks are associated with poly-(ADP-R) synthesis, L1210 cells were treated with the intercalating agent, 4'-(9-acridinylamino)methanesulfon-m-anisidide. Poly(ADP-R) synthesis, measured by [3H]NAD incorporation following cell permeabilization, was enhanced in x-irradiated cells, but not in cells exposed to 4'-(9-acridinylamino)methanesulfon-m-anisidide at doses which produced equivalent strand breaks frequencies. The permeabilized cell system did not support DNA synthesis and x-ray-induced strand breaks did not reseal. The intercalator-induced strand breaks, however, resealed within 10 min. Hence, the strand breaks observed in intercalator-treated cells may not constitute DNA damage in the usual sense. The resealing of intercalator-induced DNA breaks in the absence of DNA or poly(ADP-R) synthesis is unique among chemical or physical agents which produce DNA scissions.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of an amsacrine-resistant line of human leukemia cells. Evidence for a drug-resistant form of topoisomerase II Abstract: HL-60/AMSA is a human leukemia cell line that is 100 times more resistant to the cytotoxic actions of the antineoplastic, topoisomerase II-reactive DNA intercalating acridine derivative amsacrine (m-AMSA) than is its parent HL-60 line. HL-60/AMSA cells are minimally resistant to etoposide, a topoisomerase II-reactive drug that does not intercalate. Previously we showed that HL-60 topoisomerase II activity in cells, nuclei, or nuclear extracts was sensitive to m-AMSA and etoposide, while HL-60/AMSA topoisomerase II was resistant to m-AMSA but sensitive to etoposide. Now we show that purified topoisomerase II from the two cell lines exhibits the same drug sensitivity or resistance as that in the nuclear extracts although the magnitude of the m-AMSA resistance of HL-60/AMSA topoisomerase II in vitro is not as great as the resistance of the intact HL-60/AMSA cells. In addition HL-60/AMSA cells are cross-resistant to topoisomerase II-reactive intercalators from the anthracycline and ellipticine families and the pattern of sensitivity or resistance to the cytotoxic actions of the various topoisomerase II-reactive drugs is paralleled by topoisomerase II-reactive drug-induced DNA cleavage and protein cross-link production in cells and the production of drug-induced, topoisomerase II-mediated DNA cleavage and protein cross-linking in isolated biochemical systems. In addition to its lowered sensitivity to intercalators, HL-60/AMSA differed from HL-60 in 1) the susceptibility of its topoisomerase II to stimulation of DNA topoisomerase II complex formation by ATP, 2) the catalytic activity of its topoisomerase II in an ionic environment chosen to reproduce the environment found within the living cell, and 3) the observed restriction enzyme pattern on a Southern blot probed with a cDNA for human topoisomerase II. These data indicate that an m-AMSA-resistant form of topoisomerase II contributes to the resistance of HL-60/AMSA to m-AMSA and to other topoisomerase II-reactive DNA intercalating agents. The drug resistance is associated with additional biochemical and molecular alterations that may be important determinants of cellular sensitivity or resistance to topoisomerase II-reactive drugs.	0
Abstract2class: The muscle specificity and structure of two closely related fast-twitch white muscle myosin heavy chain isozymes Abstract: The structures of the heavy chains of fast-twitch white muscle myosin isolated from a number of specific rabbit muscles were examined by the technique of tryptic peptide mapping of iodinated proteins from sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gels. The results suggest that the distribution of the two closely related heavy chain isozymes postulated to exist by Starr and Offer ((1973) J. Mol. Biol. 81, 17-31) vary in a muscle-specific manner. One isozyme appears to be preferentially located in the extensor digitorum longus muscle, while the other appears to be preferentially located in the semitendinosus muscle. Other muscles, such as the gastrocnemius and the latissimus dorsi, appear to contain the two isozymes in a nearly 1:1 ratio. Fine structure mapping of myosin fragments revealed that the two muscle-specific isozymes differ in a number of locations throughout the head and tail portions of the myosin heavy chain.	0
Abstract2class: Competition for delivery of profilin-actin to barbed ends limits the rate of formin-mediated actin filament elongation Abstract: Formins direct the elongation of unbranched actin filaments by binding their barbed ends and processively stepping onto incoming actin monomers to incorporate them into the filament. Binding of profilin to actin monomers creates profilin-actin complexes, which then bind polyproline tracts located in formin homology 1 (FH1) domains. Diffusion of these natively disordered domains enables direct delivery of profilin-actin to the barbed end, speeding the rate of filament elongation. In this study, we investigated the mechanism of coordinated actin delivery from the multiple polyproline tracts in formin FH1 domains. We found that each polyproline tract can efficiently mediate polymerization, but that all tracts do not generate the same rate of elongation. In WT FH1 domains, the multiple polyproline tracts compete to deliver profilin-actin to the barbed end. This competition ultimately limits the rate of formin-mediated elongation. We propose that intrinsic properties of the filament-binding FH2 domain tune the efficiency of FH1-mediated elongation by directly regulating the rate of monomer incorporation at the barbed end. A strong correlation between competitive FH1-mediated profilin-actin delivery and FH2-regulated gating of the barbed end effectively limits the elongation rate, thereby obviating the need for evolutionary optimization of FH1 domain sequences.	0
Abstract2class: Slow calcium-dependent inactivation of depletion-activated calcium current. Store-dependent and -independent mechanisms Abstract: Feedback regulation of Ca2+ release-activated Ca2+ (CRAC) channels was studied in Jurkat leukemic T lymphocytes using whole cell recording and [Ca2+]i measurement techniques. CRAC channels were activated by passively depleting intracellular Ca2+ stores in the absence of extracellular Ca2+. Under conditions of moderate intracellular Ca2+ buffering, elevating [Ca2+]o to 22 mM initiated an inward current through CRAC channels that declined slowly with a half-time of approximately 30 s. This slow inactivation was evoked by a rise in [Ca2+]i, as it was effectively suppressed by an elevated level of EFTA in the recording pipette that prevented increases in [Ca2+]i. Blockade of Ca2+ uptake into stores by thapsigargin with or without intracellular inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate reduced the extent of slow inactivation by approximately 50%, indicating that store refilling normally contributes significantly to this process. The store-independent (thapsigargin-insensitive) portion of slow inactivation was largely prevented by the protein phosphatase inhibitor, okadaic acid, and by a structurally related compound, 1-norokadaone, but not by calyculin A nor by cyclosporin A and FK506 at concentrations that fully inhibit calcineurin (protein phosphatase 2B) in T cells. These results argue against the involvement of protein phosphatases 1, 2A, 2B, or 3 in store-independent inactivation. We conclude that calcium acts through at least two slow negative feedback pathways to inhibit CRAC channels. Slow feedback inhibition of CRAC current is likely to play important roles in controlling the duration and dynamic behavior of receptor-generated Ca2+ signals.	0
Abstract2class: Determination of the mechanism of free radical generation in human aortic endothelial cells exposed to anoxia and reoxygenation Abstract: Endothelial cell-derived oxygen free radicals are important mediators of postischemic injury; however, the mechanisms that trigger this radical generation are not known, and it is not known if this process can occur in human cells and tissues. The enzyme xanthine oxidase can be an important source of radical generation; however, it has been reported that this enzyme may not be present in human endothelium. To determine the presence and mechanisms of radical generation in human vascular endothelial cells subjected to anoxia and reoxygenation, electron paramagnetic resonance measurements were performed on cultured human aortic endothelial cells using the spin trap 5,5-dimethyl-1-pyrroline N-oxide (DMPO). These measurements were correlated with cellular injury, xanthine oxidase activity, and alterations in cellular nucleotides. Upon reoxygenation after 60 min of anoxia, large DMPO-OH (aN = aH = 14.9 G) and smaller DMPO-R (aN = 15.8 G, aH = 22.8 G) signals were seen. Superoxide dismutase totally quenched this radical generation. The ferric iron chelator deferoxamine prevented cell death and totally quenched the DMPO-R signal with a 40% decrease in the DMPO-OH signal. Xanthine oxidase was shown to be present in these cells and to be the primary source of free radicals. While the concentration of this enzyme did not change after anoxia, the concentration of its substrate, hypoxanthine, markedly increased, resulting in increased free radical generation upon reoxygenation. Thus, reoxygenated human vascular endothelial cells generate superoxide free radicals, which further react with iron to form the reactive hydroxyl radical, which in turn causes cell death. Xanthine oxidase was the primary source of radical generation with this process triggered by the breakdown of ATP to the substrate hypoxanthine during anoxia.	0
Abstract2class: Direct measurement of nitric oxide generation in the ischemic heart using electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy Abstract: Nitric oxide, NO., exerts numerous important regulatory functions in biological tissues and has been hypothesized to have a role in the pathogenesis of cellular injury in a number of diseases. It has been suggested that alterations in NO. generation are a critical cause of injury in the ischemic heart. However, the precise alterations in NO. generation which occur are not known, and there is considerable controversy regarding whether myocardial ischemia results in increased or decreased NO. formation. Therefore, electron paramagnetic resonance studies were performed to directly measure NO. in isolated rat hearts subjected to global ischemia, using the direct NO. trap Fe(2+)-N-methyl-D-glucamine dithiocarbamate, which specifically binds NO. giving rise to a characteristic triplet EPR spectrum with g = 2.04 and aN = 13.2 G. While only a small triplet signal was observed in normally perfused hearts, a 10-fold increase in this triplet EPR spectrum was observed after 30 min of ischemia indicating a marked increase in NO. formation and trapping. Measurements were performed as a function of the duration of ischemia, and it was determined that with increased duration of ischemia NO. formation and trapping was also increased. NO. generation was inhibited by the nitric oxide synthase blocker, N-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME), suggesting that NO. was generated via nitric oxide synthase. Blockade of NO. generation with L-NAME resulted in more than a 2-fold increase in the recovery of contractile function in hearts reperfused after 30 min of global ischemia. Thus, ischemia causes a marked duration-dependent increase of NO. in the heart which may in turn mediate postischemic injury.	0
Abstract2class: Reduction of O2 by iron-adriamycin Abstract: Electron paramagnetic resonance studies of the Fe2+- and Fe3+-adriamycin complexes are reported which demonstrate iron-mediated reduction of O2 by adriamycin. Under anaerobic conditions, Fe2+ binds to adriamycin, giving rise to an EPR-silent Fe2+-adriamycin complex. On addition of O2, the Fe2+ is oxidized to Fe3+ and a spectrum of Fe3+-adriamycin is seen. Under anaerobic conditions, the signal of Fe3+-adriamycin decreases as a function of time as the Fe3+ bound to adriamycin is reduced to Fe2+, and a transient spectrum of iron bound to oxidized adriamycin is observed. On addition of O2, the EPR signal of Fe3+-adriamycin returns as Fe2+ is oxidized back to Fe3+ with electron transfer to O2. This cycle of iron-catalyzed O2 reduction may be the mechanism of adriamycin's antitumor potency and some of its toxic side effects.	0
Abstract2class: Electron paramagnetic resonance measurement of the distance between the metal binding sites of transferrin Abstract: The distance between the two metal binding sites of human serum transferrin is calculated from measurements made of the paramagnetic broadening of the EPR spectrum of Cu2+ bound at the NH2-terminal (B) site from Fe3+ bound at the COOH-terminal (A) site. Complexes of monoferric(A)-monocupric(B) transferrin, monocupric(B) transferrin, and monogallium(A)-monocupric(B) transferrin were prepared under identical conditions. Computer simulation and direct measurement of the EPR spectra from these complexes demonstrate a paramagnetic broadening of 0.6 +/- 0.1 G in the line width of the Cu2+ spectrum due to the paramagnetic Fe3+ bound at the other site. The distance between the two metal binding sites is calculated to be 41.6 +/- 2.8 A.	0
Abstract2class: Electron spin echo studies of the copper complexes of conalbumin Abstract: Electron spin echo envelope spectroscopy was used to probe the two metal binding sites of Cu(II)-conalbumin. The echo envelope spectrum of Cu(II)-conalbumin-oxalate, with metal ion at either one or both of the binding sites, contains lines arising from the interaction of the electron spin of Cu(II) with bound imidazole, demonstrating histidine ligation to the metal ion. The 13C superhyperfine interaction of bound [13C]oxalate, obtained from the ratio of the electron spin echo envelopes of Cu(II)-conalbumin-[13C]oxalate to that of Cu(II)-conalbumin-[12C]oxalate, is about twice the free precession frequency and indicates a contact interaction between 13C and Cu(II). This study indicates that oxalate is directly coordinated to the metal ion. Over the pH range 7.0 to 10.0, where Cu(II)-conalbumin binds carbonate as an associated anion, the echo envelope spectrum indicates that at least one imidazole ligand is coordinated to Cu(II). Below pH 6.0 and above pH 11.0, imidazole coordination is not observed.	0
Abstract2class: Substrate-induced alterations of high energy phosphate metabolism and contractile function in the perfused heart Abstract: The bioenergetic basis by which the Krebs cycle substrate pyruvate increased cardiac contractile function over that observed with the Embden-Meyerhof substrate glucose was investigated in the isovolumic guinea pig heart. Alterations in the content of the high energy phosphate metabolites and the rate of high energy phosphate turnover were measured by 31P NMR. These were correlated to the changes in contractile function and rates of myocardial oxygen consumption. Maximum left ventricular developed pressure (LVDP) and high energy phosphates were observed with 16 mM glucose or 10 mM pyruvate. In hearts perfused with 16 mM glucose, the intracellular phosphocreatine (PCr) concentration was 15.2 +/- 0.6 mM with a PCr/Pi ratio of 10.3 +/- 0.9. The O2 consumption was 5.35 mumol/g wet weight/min, and these hearts exhibited a LVDP of 97 +/- 3.7 mm Hg at a constant paced rate of 200 beats/min. In contrast, when hearts were switched to 10 mM pyruvate, the PCr concentration was 18.3 +/- 0.4 mM, the PCr/Pi ratio was 30.4 +/- 2.2, the O2 consumption was 6.67 mumol/g wet weight/min, and the LDVP increased to 125 +/- 3.3 mm Hg. From NMR saturation transfer experiments, the steady-state flux of ATP synthesis from PCr was 4.9 mumol/s/g of cell water during glucose perfusion and 6.67 mumol/s/g of cell water during pyruvate perfusion. The flux of ATP synthesis from ADP was measured to be 0.99 mumol/s/g of cell water with glucose and calculated to be 1.33 mumol/s/g of cell water with pyruvate. These results suggest that pyruvate quite favorably alters myocardial metabolism in concert with the increased contractile performance. Thus, as a mechanism to augment myocardial performance, pyruvate appears to be unique.	0
Abstract2class: Measurement of superoxide-derived free radicals in the reperfused heart. Evidence for a free radical mechanism of reperfusion injury Abstract: There has been considerable controversy regarding the role of oxygen free radicals as important mediators of cell damage in reperfused myocardium. This controversy regards whether superoxide and hydroxyl free radicals are generated on reperfusion and if these radicals actually cause impaired contractile function. In this study, EPR studies using the spin trap 5,5-dimethyl-1-pyroline-n-oxide (DMPO) demonstrate the formation of .OH and R. free radicals in the reperfused heart. EPR signals of DMPO-OH, aN = aH = 14.9 G, and DMPO-R aN = 15.8 G aH = 22.8 G are observed, with peak concentrations during the first minute of reperfusion. It is demonstrated that these radicals are derived from .O2- since reperfusion in the presence of enzymatically active recombinant human superoxide dismutase markedly reduced the formation of these signals while inactive recombinant human superoxide dismutase had no effect. On reperfusion with perfusate pretreated to remove adventitial iron, the concentration of the DMPO-OH signal was increased 2-fold and a 4-fold decrease in the DMPO-R signal was observed demonstrating that iron-mediated Fenton chemistry occurs. Hearts reperfused with recombinant human superoxide dismutase exhibited improved contractile function in parallel with the marked reduction in measured free radicals. In order to determine if the reperfusion free radical burst results in impaired contractile function, simultaneous measurements of free radical generation and contractile function were performed. A direct relationship between free radical generation and subsequent impaired contractile function was observed. These studies suggest that superoxide derived .OH and R. free radicals are generated in the reperfused heart via Fenton chemistry. These radicals appear to be key mediators of myocardial reperfusion injury.	0
Abstract2class: Measurement and characterization of postischemic free radical generation in the isolated perfused heart Abstract: Electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy has been applied to measure radical generation in the postischemic heart; however, there is controversy regarding the methods used and the conclusion as to whether radicals are generated. In order to resolve this controversy, direct and spin trapping measurements of the time course and mechanisms of radical generation were performed in isolated perfused rabbit hearts. In reperfused tissue, 3 prominent radical signals are observed: A, isotropic g = 2.004 suggestive of a semiquinone; B, anisotropic g parallel = 2.033 and g perpendicular = 2.005 suggestive of ROO.; and C, a triplet g = 2.000 and aN = 24 G suggestive of a nitrogen centered radical. B and C, however, are highly labile and disappear at temperatures probably encountered in some previous studies. In normally perfused hearts, A is observed with only small amounts of B and C. During ischemia, B and C increase reaching a maximum after 45 min while A decreases. On reflow with oxygenated perfusate all 3 signals increase. With varying duration of ischemia and reflow, peak signal intensities occurred after 15 s of reflow following 30 min of ischemia. Reperfusion with superoxide dismutase, deferoxamine, or mannitol abolished the reperfusion increase of B. Measurements performed with the spin trap 5,5'-dimethyl-1-pyrroline-N-oxide (DMPO) demonstrated a similar time course of radical generation with prominent DMPO-OH and DMPO-R signals peaking between 10 and 20 s of reflow. Superoxide dismutase and deferoxamine also quenched these signals. Thus, .O2- derived .OH, R., and ROO. radicals are generated in postischemic myocardium. While the experimental techniques used can result in loss of intrinsic radicals and generation of extraneous radicals, with proper care and controls valid measurements of free radicals in biological tissues can be performed.	0
Abstract2class: Bioenergetic consequences of cardiac phosphocreatine depletion induced by creatine analogue feeding Abstract: To further evaluate the bioenergetic role of phosphocreatine, we assessed several parameters in normal and depleted rat hearts. Rats were fed (8 weeks) a diet containing either 1% beta-guanidinoproprionic acid or 2% beta-guanidinobutyric acid (beta-GBA), resulting in an 80% phosphocreatine depletion compared to controls. Left ventricular pressure-volume curves were obtained to determine contractile function. At any volume, the developed pressure in depleted hearts was lower than in controls. At the plateau, the rate-pressure product was between 37-45% lower: 34,000 (beta-GBA), 30,174 (beta-guanidinoproprionic acid) versus 54,400 (control). 31P NMR spectroscopy on beta-GBA-treated hearts obtained the [ATP] and [phosphocreatine], which with saturation transfer estimated the rates of creatine kinase and ATP production. In depleted hearts, the rate constant for ATP synthesis from phosphocreatine was increased 33%. However, the flux was 72% lower. ATP production from ADP and Pi were similar under normal conditions, in spite of higher rates of oxygen consumption in the depleted hearts. The addition of 50 mM creatine to control perfusate had no effect on function or high energy phosphates. In contrast, a 28% increase in function and a 52% increase in [phosphocreatine] was seen in beta-GBA hearts. There was a marked increase in free [ADP] in beta-GBA hearts, resulting in a lower estimated ATP phosphorylation potential. Overall, the results suggest that phosphocreatine may play an important function by optimizing the thermodynamics of cardiac high energy phosphate utilization.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a novel, potent, and specific inhibitor of serine palmitoyltransferase Abstract: We have examined the mechanism of action of two natural products identified as broad spectrum antifungal agents (VanMiddlesworth, F., Dufresne, C., Wincott, F. E., Mosley, R. T., and Wilson, K. E. (1992) Tetrahedron Lett., in press; VanMiddlesworth, F., Giacobbe, R. A., Lopez, M. Garrity, G., Bland, J. A., Bartizal, K., Fromtling, R. A., Polishook, J., Zweerink, M. M., Edison, A. M., Rozdilsky, W., Wilson, K. E., and Monaghan, R. L. (1992) J. Antibiot. (Tokyo) 45, 861-867), designated sphingofungin B (2S-amino-3R,4R,5S,14-tetrahydroxyeicos-6-enoic acid) and sphingofungin C (2S-amino-5S-acetoxy-3R,4R,14-trihydroxyeicos-6-enoic acid), and find they are potent specific inhibitors of serine palmitoyltransferase, which catalyze the committed step of sphingolipid biosynthesis. We used Saccharomyces cerevisiae as a model to investigate the mechanism of the antifungal activity of these compounds. Macromolecular synthesis was not immediately affected by either sphingofungin B or C, synthesis continued for 60-90 min following the addition of drug to growing cultures. Significant loss of viability with sphingofungins required growing cultures and began only after several hours, with greater than 99.9% of drug-treated cells non-viable after 24 h. No lysis or other gross changes in cell morphology were observed in drug-treated cells. The structural similarity of sphingofungin B and C to sphingosine and phytosphingosine prompted us to investigate their effects on sphingolipid synthesis. Nanomolar levels of the drugs inhibited the incorporation of [3H]inositol into sphingolipid before incorporation into the sphingolipid precursor, phosphatidylinositol was affected, suggesting specific inhibition of sphingolipid synthesis. This hypothesis was confirmed by experiments in which the growth inhibitory activity of both drugs was completely ablated by the addition of phytosphingosine, dihydrosphingosine, or ketodihydrosphingosine to the culture medium. Reversal of antifungal activity by ketodihydrosphingosine suggested that serine palmitoyltransferase could be the actual target of these compounds. Direct evidence for this hypothesis was the observation of inhibition of serine palmitoyltransferase activity in crude membrane preparations at nanomolar concentrations of each drug. The potent inhibition of serine palmitoyltransferase coupled with the apparent lack of effect of these compounds on other cellular functions suggests that sphingofungin B and C will prove to be important new tools for studying the role of sphingolipids in yeast and perhaps in other organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Degradation of mutant influenza virus hemagglutinins is influenced by cytoplasmic sequences independent of internalization signals Abstract: A mutant influenza virus hemagglutinin, HA+8, having a carboxyl-terminal extension of 8 amino acids that included 4 aromatic residues, was internalized within 2 min of arriving at the cell surface and was degraded quickly by a process that was inhibited by ammonium chloride. Through second-site mutagenesis, the internalization sequence of HA+8 was found to closely resemble the internalization signals of the transferrin receptor or large mannose 6-phosphate receptor. Comparison of the intracellular traffic of HA+8 and a series of other HA mutants that differed in their rates of internalization revealed a relation between the amount of the protein on the plasma membrane at steady state and the internalization rate that would be predicted if most of each protein recycled to the cell surface. However, there was no simple correlation between the internalization rate and the rate of degradation, indicating that transport to the compartment where degradation occurred was not simply a function of the concentration of the proteins in early endosomes. The internal populations of both HA+8, which was degraded with a t1/2 of 1.9 h, and HA-Y543, which was degraded with a t1/2 of 2.9 h, were found by cell fractionation and density-shift experiments to reside in early endosomes with little accumulation in lysosomes. A fluid-phase marker reached lysosomes 3-4-fold faster than these proteins were degraded. Degradation of these mutant HAs involved a rate-determining step in early endosomes that was sensitive to some feature of the protein that depended upon sequence differences in the cytoplasmic domain unrelated to the internalization signal.	0
Abstract2class: Real-time analysis of very late antigen-4 affinity modulation by shear Abstract: Shear promotes endothelial recruitment of leukocytes, cell activation, and transmigration. Mechanical stress on cells caused by shear can induce a rapid integrin conformational change and activation, followed by an increase in binding to the extracellular matrix. The molecular mechanism of increased avidity is unknown. We have shown previously that the affinity of the alpha(4)beta(1) integrin, very late antigen-4 (VLA-4), measured with an LDV-containing small molecule, varies with cellular avidity, measured from cell disaggregation rates. In this study, we measured in real time affinity changes of VLA-4 in response to shear. The resulting affinity was comparable with the state mediated by receptor signaling and corresponded in time with intracellular Ca(2+) responses. Ca(2+) ionophores and N,N'-[1,2-ethanediyl-bis(oxy-2,1-phenylene)]bis[N-[2-[(acetyloxy)methoxy]-2-oxoethyl]]-, bis[(acetyloxy)methyl]ester demonstrate that the affinity regulation of VLA-4 in the presence of shear was related to Ca(2+) signaling. Pertussis toxin treatment implicates G(i) in an unknown pathway that connects shear, Ca(2+) elevation, VLA-4 affinity, and cell avidity.	0
Abstract2class: Repression of promoter activity by CNOT2, a subunit of the transcription regulatory Ccr4-not complex Abstract: The evolutionary conserved Ccr4-Not complex controls mRNA metabolism at multiple levels in eukaryotic cells. Genetic analysis of not mutants in yeast identifies a negative role in transcription, which is dependent on core promoter structure. To obtain direct support for this we targeted individual core subunits of the human Ccr4-Not complex to promoters in transient transfections of human cells. In this experimental setup we found that the CNOT2 and CNOT9(hRcd1/hCaf40) subunits act as repressors of reporter gene activity. Interestingly, recruitment of other Ccr4-Not subunits did not affect the reporter gene. The major repression function of CNOT2 is localized in a specialized protein motif, the Not-Box. This conserved motif is present in all CNOT2 orthologs and surprisingly also in CNOT3 orthologs. Repression by the Not-Box was sensitive to treatment with the histone deacetylase inhibitor trichostatin A. In addition, mutation of a canonical TATA-box enhanced repression. Our experiments show for the first time direct regulation of promoter activity by components of the Ccr4-Not complex.	0
Abstract2class: The sarco-endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+ ATPase is required for development and muscle function in Caenorhabditis elegans Abstract: The sarco-endoplasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-transport ATPase (SERCA) loads intracellular releasable Ca(2+) stores by transporting cytosolic Ca(2+) into the endoplasmic (ER) or sarcoplasmic reticulum (SR). We characterized the only SERCA homologue of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, which is encoded by the sca-1 gene. The sca-1 transcript is alternatively spliced in a similar mode as the vertebrate SERCA2 transcript, giving rise to two protein variants: CeSERCAa and CeSERCAb. These proteins showed structural and functional conservation to the vertebrate SERCA2a/b proteins. The CeSERCAs were primarily expressed in contractile tissues. Loss of CeSERCA through gene ablation or RNA interference resulted in contractile dysfunctioning and in early larval or embryonic lethality, respectively. Similar defects could be induced pharmacologically using the SERCA-specific inhibitor thapsigargin, which bound CeSERCA at a conserved site. The conservation of SERCA2 homologues in C. elegans will allow genetic and chemical suppressor analyses to identify promising drug targets and lead molecules for treatment of SERCA-related diseases such as heart disease.	0
Abstract2class: Transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta 1 internalization: modulation by ligand interaction with TGF-beta receptors types I and II and a mechanism that is distinct from clathrin-mediated endocytosis Abstract: Transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) internalization was studied by monitoring the uptake of (125)I-TGF-beta1 in Mv1Lu cells, which endogenously express TGF-beta receptors types I (RI), II (RII), and III (RIII), and 293 cells transfected with RI and RII. At 37 degrees C internalization occurred rapidly, within 10 min of ligand addition. Internalization was optimal in 293 cells expressing both RI and RII. Internalization was prevented by phenylarsine oxide, a nonspecific inhibitor of receptor internalization, but was not affected by reagents that interfere with clathrin-mediated endocytosis such as monodansylcadaverine, K44A dynamin, and inhibitors of endosomal acidification. Electron microscopic examination of Mv1Lu cells treated with (125)I- TGF-beta1 at 37 degrees C indicated that internalization occurred via a noncoated vesicular mechanism. Internalization was prevented by prebinding cells with TGF-beta1 at 4 degrees C for 2 h prior to switching the cells to 37 degrees C. This was attributed to a loss of receptor binding, as indicated by a rapid decrease in the amount of TGF-beta1 bound to the cell surface at 37 degrees C and by a reduction in the labeling intensities of RI and RII in (125)I-TGF-beta1-cross-linking experiments. Mv1Lu or 293 (RI+RII) cells, prebound with TGF-beta1 at 4 degrees C and subsequently stripped of ligand by an acid wash, nevertheless initiated a signaling response upon transfer to 37 degrees C, suggesting that prebinding promotes formation of stable RI.RII complexes that can signal independently of ligand.	0
Abstract2class: Movement of the retinylidene Schiff base counterion in rhodopsin by one helix turn reverses the pH dependence of the metarhodopsin I to metarhodopsin II transition Abstract: The environment of the retinylidene Schiff base in bovine rhodopsin has been studied by movement of its carboxylic acid counterion from position 113 to position 117 by site-specific mutagenesis. Replacement of the counterion at position 113 by a neutral amino acid residue has been shown to produce a lowering of the Schiff base acidity constant (pKa) from > 8.5 to about 6. The aim of the present work was to change the position of the counterion without causing a significant effect on the Schiff base pKa. A triple replacement mutant (Glu113-->Ala/Ala117-->Glu/Glu122-->Gln) was designed to move the position of the counterion by one helix turn in the third putative transmembrane helix (helix C). The mutant bound 11-cis-retinal to form a chromophore with a visible absorbance maximum (lambda max) of 490 nm which was independent of pH in the range of about 5-8.5. Upon illumination under conditions in which rhodopsin was converted to the active metarhodopsin II (MII) photoproduct, the mutant was converted to a metarhodopsin I (MI)-like species (lambda max = 475 nm). Furthermore, the effect of pH on the photobleaching behavior of the mutant was the reverse of that reported for rhodopsin. In the mutant, acidic pH favored the formation of the MI-like photoproduct, and basic pH favored the formation of an MII-like photoproduct (lambda max = 380 nm). The MII-like photoproduct of the mutant pigment was able to activate the guanine nucleotide-binding protein, transducin. We conclude that the Schiff base counterion in rhodopsin can be repositioned to form a pigment with an apparently unperturbed Schiff base pKa. Furthermore, a specific amino acid residue that acts as a Schiff base proton acceptor is not strictly required for photoconversion of rhodopsin to its active MII form.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-talk among gp130 cytokines in adipocytes Abstract: The interleukin-6 (IL-6) family of cytokines is a family of structurally and functionally related proteins, including IL-6, IL-11, leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF), oncostatin M (OSM), ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF), and cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1). These proteins are also known as gp130 cytokines because they all share gp130 as a common transducer protein within their functional receptor complexes. Several of these cytokines (LIF, OSM, CNTF, and CT-1) also utilize the LIF receptor (LIFR) as a component of their receptor complex. We have shown that all of these cytokines are capable of activating both the JAK/STAT and p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling pathways in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. By performing a variety of preincubation studies and examining the ability of these cytokines to activate STATs, ERKs, and induce transcription of SOCS-3 mRNA, we have also examined the ability of gp130 cytokines to modulate the action of their family members. Our results indicate that a subset of gp130 cytokines, in particular CT-1, LIF, and OSM, has the ability to impair subsequent signaling activity initiated by gp130 cytokines. However, IL-6 and CNTF do not exhibit this cross-talk ability. Moreover, our results indicate that the cross-talk among gp130 cytokines is mediated by the ability of these cytokines to induce ligand-dependent degradation of the LIFR, in a proteasome-independent manner, which coincides with decreased levels of LIFR at the plasma membrane. In summary, our results demonstrate that an inhibitory cross-talk among specific gp130 cytokines in 3T3-L1 adipocytes occurs as a result of specific degradation of LIFR via a lysosome-mediated pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of cardiotrophin on adipocytes Abstract: Cardiotrophin (CT-1) is a naturally occurring protein member of the interleukin (IL)-6 cytokine family and signals through the gp130/leukemia inhibitory factor receptor (LIFR) heterodimer. The formation of gp130/LIFR complex triggers the auto/trans-phosphorylation of associated Janus kinases, leading to the activation of Janus kinase/STAT and MAPK (ERK1 and -2) signaling pathways. Since adipocytes express both gp130 and LIFR proteins and are responsive to other IL-6 family cytokines, we examined the effects of CT-1 on 3T3-L1 adipocytes. Our studies have shown that CT-1 administration results in a dose- and time-dependent activation and nuclear translocation of STAT1, -3, -5A, and -5B as well as ERK1 and -2. We also confirmed the ability of CT-1 to induce signaling in fat cells in vivo. Our studies revealed that neither CT-1 nor ciliary neurotrophic factor treatment affected adipocyte differentiation. However, acute CT-1 treatment caused an increase in SOCS-3 mRNA in adipocytes and a transient decrease in peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) mRNA that was regulated by the binding of STAT1 to the PPARgamma2 promoter. The effects of CT-1 on SOCS-3 and PPARgamma mRNA were independent of MAPK activation. Chronic administration of CT-1 to 3T3-L1 adipocytes resulted in a decrease of both fatty acid synthase and insulin receptor substrate-1 protein expression yet did not effect the expression of a variety of other adipocyte proteins. Moreover, chronic CT-1 treatment resulted in the development of insulin resistance as judged by a decrease in insulin-stimulated glucose uptake. In summary, CT-1 is a potent regulator of signaling in adipocytes in vitro and in vivo, and our current efforts are focused on determining the role of this cardioprotective cytokine on adipocyte physiology.	0
Abstract2class: The regulation and activation of ciliary neurotrophic factor signaling proteins in adipocytes Abstract: Ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF) is primarily known for its roles as a lesion factor released by the ruptured glial cells that prevent neuronal degeneration. However, CNTF has also been shown to cause weight loss in a variety of rodent models of obesity/type II diabetes, whereas a modified form also causes weight loss in humans. CNTF administration can correct or improve hyperinsulinemia, hyperphagia, and hyperlipidemia associated with these models of obesity. In order to investigate the effects of CNTF on fat cells, we examined the expression of CNTF receptor complex proteins (LIFR, gp130, and CNTFRalpha) during adipocyte differentiation and the effects of CNTF on STAT, Akt, and MAPK activation. We also examined the ability of CNTF to regulate the expression of adipocyte transcription factors and other adipogenic proteins. Our studies clearly demonstrate that the expression of two of the three CNTF receptor complex components, CNTFRalpha and LIFR, decreases during adipocyte differentiation. In contrast, gp130 expression is relatively unaffected by differentiation. In addition, preadipocytes are more sensitive to CNTF treatment than adipocytes, as judged by both STAT 3 and Akt activation. Despite decreased levels of CNTFRalpha expression in fully differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes, CNTF treatment of these cells resulted in a time-dependent activation of STAT 3. Chronic treatment of adipocytes resulted in a substantial decrease in fatty-acid synthase and a notable decline in SREBP-1 levels but had no effect on the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma, acrp30, adipocyte-expressed STAT proteins, or C/EBPalpha. However, CNTF resulted in a significant increase in IRS-1 expression. CNTFRalpha receptor expression was substantially induced in the fat pads of four rodent models of obesity/type II diabetes as compared with lean littermates. Moreover, we demonstrated that CNTF can activate STAT 3 in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle in vivo. In summary, CNTF affects adipocyte gene expression, and the specific receptor for this cytokine is induced in rodent models of obesity/type II diabetes.	0
Abstract2class: Complex of transfer-messenger RNA and elongation factor Tu. Unexpected modes of interaction Abstract: Transfer-messenger RNA (tmRNA) is a stable RNA in bacteria of 360 +/- 40 nucleotides that can be charged with alanine and can function as both tRNA and mRNA. Ribosomes that are stalled either in a coding region of mRNA or at the 3' end of an mRNA fragment lacking a stop codon are rescued by replacing their mRNA for tmRNA. Here we demonstrate that the interaction of tmRNA with the elongation factor Tu shows unexpected features. Deacylated tmRNA can form a complex with either EF-Tu.GDP or EF-Tu.GTP, the association constants are about one order of magnitude smaller than that of an Ala-tRNA.EF-Tu.GTP complex. tmRNA as well as Ala-tmRNA can be efficiently cross-linked with EF-Tu.GDP using a zero-length cross-link. The efficiency of cross-linking in the case of deacylated tmRNA does not depend on an intact CCA-3' end and is about the same, regardless whether protein mixtures such as the post-ribosomal supernatant (S100 enzymes) or purified EF-Tu are present. Two cross-linking sites with EF-Tu.GDP have been identified that are located outside the tRNA part of tmRNA, indicating an unusual interaction of tmRNA with EF-Tu.GDP.	0
Abstract2class: The transgenic expression of highly inhibitory monomeric forms of phospholamban in mouse heart impairs cardiac contractility Abstract: Transgenic mice were generated with cardiac-specific overexpression of the monomeric, dominant-acting, superinhibitory L37A and I40A mutant forms of phospholamban (PLN), and their phenotypes were compared with wild-type (wt) mice or 2-fold overexpressors of wt PLN (wtOE). The level of PLN monomer in cardiac microsomes was increased 11-13-fold, and the apparent affinity of the sarco(endo)plasmic reticulum Ca(2+)-ATPase for Ca(2+) was decreased from pCa 6.22 in wt or 6.12 in wtOE to 5.81 in L37A and 5.72 in I40A. Basal physiological parameters, measured in isolated myocytes, indicated a significant reduction in the rates of shortening (+dL/dt) and relengthening (-dL/dt). Hemodynamic measurements indicated that peak systolic pressure was unaffected but that pressure changes (+dP/dt and -dP/dt) were lowered significantly in both mutant lines, and relaxation time (tau) was also lengthened significantly. Echocardiography for both mutants showed depressed systolic function and an increase in left ventricular mass of over 1.4-fold. Significant decreases in left ventricular shortening fraction and velocity of circumferential shortening and increases in ejection time were corrected by isoproterenol. The use of antibodies specific against Ser(16)- and Thr(17)-PLN peptides showed that phosphorylation of both pentameric and monomeric PLN were increased between 1.2- and 2.4-fold in both the L37A and I40A lines but not in the wtOE line. These observations show that overexpression of superinhibitory mutant forms of PLN causes depression of contractile parameters with induction of cardiac hypertrophy, as assessed with echocardiography.	0
Abstract2class: Endocytic properties of the M-type 180-kDa receptor for secretory phospholipases A2 Abstract: Endocytic properties of the M-type 180-kDa receptor for secretory phospholipases A2 (sPLA2) were first investigated in rabbit myocytes that express it at high levels. Internalization of the receptor was shown to be clathrin-coated pit-mediated, rapid (ke = 0.1 min-1), and ligand-independent. The signal sequence for internalization was then identified upon transient and stable expression of various receptor constructs with mutated cytoplasmic sequences. Analysis of the internalization efficiency of the mutants suggested that the NSYY motif encodes the major endocytic signal, with the distal tyrosine residue playing the key role. Amino acid substitutions at the putative casein kinase II phosphorylation site of the receptor did not affect internalization. A chimeric protein composed of the extracellular and transmembrane domains of the rabbit sPLA2 receptor and of the cytoplasmic domain of the structurally homologous human macrophage mannose receptor retained the high affinity for sPLA2 and was internalization competent, exhibiting 50% endocytic activity of the M-type sPLA2 receptor. The results indicate the compatibility of the structural domains of the two parent proteins and provide evidence for the interchangeable character of their internalization signals.	0
Abstract2class: A signal for endoplasmic reticulum retention located at the carboxyl terminus of the plasma membrane Ca(2+)-ATPase isoform 4CI Abstract: The plasma membrane Ca(2+)-ATPase isoform 4b (PMCA4CI) with truncations in the cytoplasmically exposed COOH-terminal tail was expressed in COS and HeLa cells and in Sf9 cells using the baculovirus system. The truncated protein terminating with the acidic sequence Glu1067-Arg1087 was retained within the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), whereas mutants lacking this sequence or having it at a distance from the COOH terminus were delivered to the plasma membrane. Although the truncated protein retained in the endoplasmic reticulum was still able to form a Ca(2+)-dependent phosphoenzyme, it underwent partial degradation. Substitution of glutamic and aspartic residue(s) in the acidic region promoted rescue of the protein to the plasma membrane. The results suggest that the sequence Glu1067-Arg1087 encodes a masked signal for ER retention and for the degradation of the protein. However, its presence at the COOH terminus was not sufficient to induce ER-retention and degradation; when the sequence was attached to the full-length PMCA protein, normal plasma delivery was observed. Evidently, ER retention and degradation required the presence of the sequence in its specific location within the PMCA structure. The degradation of the protein retained in the endoplasmic reticulum occurred through the proteolytic attack at cytoplasmically exposed residues (amino acid sequence 720-750) by a cytoplasmic PEST sequence-related protease different from calpain.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of an autoinhibitory domain in human mitogen-activated protein kinase-activated protein kinase 2 Abstract: Mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinase-activated protein kinase 2, a Ser/Thr kinase, is phosphorylated and activated by MAP kinase. Sequence analysis of a clone isolated from the human HL-60 cell line revealed a 370-amino acid protein with a proline-rich N terminus, a highly conserved catalytic domain, and a C-terminal region containing a MAP kinase phosphorylation site. To better understand how the kinase is regulated, mutation analysis was used to map the functional domain(s). The wild type recombinant kinase had a low basal activity as detected by phosphorylation of a substrate peptide derived from the N terminus of glycogen synthase. Deletion of the proline-rich N terminus showed little effect on the basal activity. Deletion of the C terminus resulted in a marked increase in catalytic activity either with or without the pretreatment of the kinase by MAP kinase. Further analysis indicated that amino acid residues 339-353 in the C-terminal region were acting as an autoinhibitory domain. A synthetic peptide (RVLKEDKERWEDVK-amide) derived from this autoinhibitory domain inhibited the kinase activity in a concentration-dependent manner. These results suggest a regulatory model for the kinase.	0
Abstract2class: Complete putative metal finger and leucine zipper structures of CRE-BP1 are required for the E1A-induced trans-activation Abstract: The adenovirus E1A protein stimulates transcription of various genes. Recent experiments using a fusion protein have shown that E1A can function through a specific CRE (cyclic AMP response element)-binding protein, CRE-BP1 (also designated ATF-2), which stimulates the transcription from a CRE-containing promoter by homodimer formation or heterodimer formation with c-Jun. In this paper, the functional domains required for mediation of the E1A-induced trans-activation were analyzed using deletion and point mutants of CRE-BP1. The mutation in the putative metal finger structure or leucine zipper structure completely abolished the ability of CRE-BP1 to mediate the E1A-induced trans-activation. Furthermore, overexpression of CRE-BP1 or c-Jun interfered with the E1A-induced trans-activation. These results suggest that the complete putative metal finger structure in the N-terminal region of CRE-BP1 plays an important role for the E1A-induced trans-activation, and the heterodimer of CRE-BP1 with the unidentified protein participates in the interaction with E1A.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptional regulation by a point mutant of adenovirus-2 E1a product lacking DNA binding activity Abstract: The adenovirus E1a protein (E1A) regulates transcription through interaction with transcription factors bound to DNA, like cAMP response element BP1/ATF2, or through dissociating E2F transcription factor complex. However, it was also reported that E1A can bind to DNA (Chatterjee, P. K., Bruner, M., Flint, S. J., and Harter, M. L. (1988) EMBO J. 7, 835-841), and it is not clear whether DNA binding of E1A is involved in a part of the process of transcriptional regulation by E1A. In this paper, the small region of E1A that is responsible for DNA binding was identified and a point mutant lacking DNA binding activity was constructed. Analysis of deletion mutants of E1A proteins expressed in bacteria showed that a basic region between amino acids 201 and 216 of E1A is essential for DNA binding. Point mutation of arginines at amino acid numbers 205 and 206 to aspartic acids completely abolished the DNA binding activity of E1A. Using this mutant, the requirement of the E1A DNA binding for E1A-dependent transcriptional regulation was examined. trans-Activation of the adenovirus E4 promoter and trans-repression of the human c-erbB-2 promoter by this point mutant were examined by cotransfection experiments. Mutations of the E1A DNA-binding domain affected neither the E1A-induced trans-activation nor trans-repression at all. These results give complete proof that the DNA binding activity of E1A is not required for transcriptional regulation by E1A.	0
Abstract2class: The E1 functional epitope of the human interferon gamma is a nuclear targeting signal-like element. Mapping of the E1 epitope Abstract: Eight neutralizing monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) directed against the human interferon gamma (HuIFN-gamma) that were classified in the E1 epitope group were mapped by the synthetic peptide approach. A set of 136 octapeptide homologs of the 143-residue primary sequence of the HuIFN-gamma, each one with a 7-residue sequence overlap with successive peptide, was synthesized. Based on the similar reactivity patterns of all the mAbs with this set of synthetic peptides, the E1 functional epitope was localized to residues 84-94 on the HuIFN-gamma. The epitope sequence is: Ser-Asn-Lys-Lys-Lys-Arg-Asp-Asp-Phe-Gln-Lys. The fact that eight independently isolated mAbs binding to the same domain can neutralize the HuIFN-gamma activity suggests that the E1 domain must be at or adjacent to a functional site. Within this domain is a sequence element, Lys-Lys-Lys-Arg, that resembles the nuclear location signals known to effect the intracellular transportation of a number of nuclear proteins, such as the large tumor antigen (T antigen) of simian virus 40 (SV40) and polyoma virus and steroid hormone receptors. This observation suggests that the HuIFN-gamma molecule and/or its complex with the receptor must function in the nucleus to effect transcription regulation that results in the various biological activities. The signal for that intracellular transportation must be provided by the HuIFN-gamma molecule.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial endotoxin stimulates adipose lipolysis via toll-like receptor 4 and extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathway Abstract: Bacterial endotoxin/lipopolysaccharide elicits inflammatory responses and also elevates circulating levels of free fatty acids (FFAs) and impairs insulin sensitivity. Serum FFA elevation in acute endotoxemia has long been thought to be due to endotoxin dysregulating lipid disposal and counterregulatory hormones and cytokines. Here, we investigated the direct lipolysis effect of endotoxin in rodents and in isolated primary adipocytes. Endotoxin increases lipolysis in vivo in adipose tissues, elevates circulating FFA level, induces insulin resistance in rats, and directly stimulates chronic lipolysis in vitro in adipocytes. The lipolytic action of endotoxin is mediated via its lipid A moiety and is blocked by anti-endotoxin peptides. Neither adipocytokine secretion nor nuclear factor-kappaB activation is involved in endotoxin-induced lipolysis. Different from catecholamine, endotoxin stimulates lipolysis without elevating cAMP production and activating protein kinase A and protein kinase C. Instead, endotoxin induces phosphorylation of Raf-1, MEK1/2, and ERK1/2. Upon inhibition of ERK1/2 but not JNK and p38 MAPK, endotoxin-stimulated lipolysis ceases. Endotoxin causes perilipin down-regulation and phosphorylation and increases the activity and protein levels of hormone-sensitive lipase and adipose triglyceride lipase but does not induce hormone-sensitive lipase translocation to intracellular lipid droplets. In TLR4 (Toll-like receptor 4)-deficient mice and adipocytes, endotoxin fails to increase in vivo and in vitro lipolysis. These findings suggest that endotoxin stimulates lipolysis via TLR4 and ERK1/2 signaling in adipocytes. The lipolytic action of endotoxin liberates FFA efflux from adipocytes to the bloodstream, which is a possible basis for systemic FFA elevation and insulin resistance in endotoxemia or Gram-negative bacterial infection.	0
Abstract2class: Asymmetric ATP hydrolysis cycle of the heterodimeric multidrug ABC transport complex TmrAB from Thermus thermophilus Abstract: ATP-binding cassette (ABC) systems translocate a wide range of solutes across cellular membranes. The thermophilic gram-negative eubacterium Thermus thermophilus, a model organism for structural genomics and systems biology, discloses ∼46 ABC proteins, which are largely uncharacterized. Here, we functionally analyzed the first two and only ABC half-transporters of the hyperthermophilic bacterium, TmrA and TmrB. The ABC system mediates uptake of the drug Hoechst 33342 in inside-out oriented vesicles that is inhibited by verapamil. TmrA and TmrB form a stable heterodimeric complex hydrolyzing ATP with a K(m) of 0.9 mm and k(cat) of 9 s(-1) at 68 °C. Two nucleotides can be trapped in the heterodimeric ABC complex either by vanadate or by mutation inhibiting ATP hydrolysis. Nucleotide trapping requires permissive temperatures, at which a conformational ATP switch is possible. We further demonstrate that the canonic glutamate 523 of TmrA is essential for rapid conversion of the ATP/ATP-bound complex into its ADP/ATP state, whereas the corresponding aspartate in TmrB (Asp-500) has only a regulatory role. Notably, exchange of this single noncanonic residue into a catalytic glutamate cannot rescue the function of the E523Q/D500E complex, implicating a built-in asymmetry of the complex. However, slow ATP hydrolysis in the newly generated canonic site (D500E) strictly depends on the formation of a posthydrolysis state in the consensus site, indicating an allosteric coupling of both active sites.	0
Abstract2class: The human alpha 2 integrin gene promoter. Identification of positive and negative regulatory elements important for cell-type and developmentally restricted gene expression Abstract: The alpha 2 beta 1 serves as a collagen receptor or a collagen/laminin receptor, depending upon cell type. Expression of the integrin is regulated during normal cellular differentiation and is altered during carcinogenesis. We have previously demonstrated that increased expression of the alpha 2 beta 1 integrin during megakaryocytic differentiation is a consequence of increased alpha 2 mRNA due to transcriptional activation of the alpha 2 integrin gene and that the decreased expression of the integrin in breast adenocarcinoma is due to decreased steady-state levels of alpha 2 mRNA. We now report the identification and characterization of the 5'-flanking region of the alpha 2 integrin gene. The 5'-untranslated region of the alpha 2 mRNA extends 129 base pairs 5' to the site of translation initiation. The promoter region lacks TATA and CAAT boxes but contains an abbreviated initiator sequence and six Sp1 binding sites. Consensus binding sites for AP-1 and AP-2 complexes, a GATA box, a Pu.1 box, and two palindromic motifs with potential to bind the estrogen receptor are also present. A 961-base pair fragment of the 5'-flanking region directs both cell type- and differentiation-specific expression of a reporter gene in T47-D epithelial cells and in pluripotent hematopoietic K562 cells upon megakaryocytic differentiation.	0
Abstract2class: Differential regulation of the alpha 2 beta 1 and alpha IIb beta 3 integrin genes during megakaryocytic differentiation of pluripotential K562 cells Abstract: Expression of the alpha 2 beta 1 and alpha IIb beta 3 integrin genes is differentially regulated during megakaryocytic differentiation of pluripotent K562 cells induced with phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate. Upon megakaryocytic differentiation, steady-state alpha 2 mRNA increased markedly from the undetectable level present in the uninduced cells. The level of beta 1 mRNA did not change. Expression of alpha IIb beta 3 is regulated differently. beta 3 mRNA was undetectable in uninduced cells but increased significantly following induction. alpha IIb mRNA was detectable at a low level prior to induction, but at an increased level following differentiation. Altered mRNA stability did not contribute to changes in mRNA levels. Nuclear run-off experiments revealed a 20-fold increase in alpha 2 gene transcription upon megakaryocytic differentiation, but no change in transcription of the beta 1 gene. Transcription of both the alpha IIb and beta 3 genes increased 10- and 5-fold, respectively. Thus, the increase in alpha 2 beta 1 protein which accompanies the megakaryocytic differentiation of K562 cells is a consequence of the increased steady-state level of alpha 2 mRNA due to transcriptional activation of the alpha 2 gene. The long-lived beta 1 mRNA is not altered during differentiation. In contrast, increased alpha IIb beta 3 protein appears due to increased steady-state levels of both alpha IIb and beta 3 mRNAs that result from transcriptional activation of both integrin genes.	0
Abstract2class: Dihydrofolate reductase of the extremely halophilic archaebacterium Halobacterium volcanii. The enzyme and its coding gene Abstract: Halobacterium volcanii mutants that are resistant to the dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor trimethoprim contain DNA sequence amplifications. This paper describes the cloning and nucleic acid sequencing of the amplified DNA sequence of the H. volcanii mutant WR215. This sequence contains an open reading frame that codes for an amino acid sequence that is homologous to the amino acid sequences of dihydrofolate reductases from different sources. As a result of the gene amplification, the trimethoprim-resistant mutant overproduces dihydrofolate reductase. This enzyme was purified to homogeneity using ammonium sulfate-mediated chromatographies. It is shown that the enzyme comprises 5% of the cell protein. The amino acid sequence of the first 15 amino acids of the enzyme fits the coding sequence of the gene. Preliminary biochemical characterization shows that the enzyme is unstable at salt concentrations lower than 2 M and that its activity increases with increase in the KCl or NaCl concentrations.	0
Abstract2class: Prostaglandin E2 biosynthesis by rabbit renomedullary interstitial cells in tissue culture. Mechanism of stimulation by angiotensin II, bradykinin, and arginine vasopressin Abstract: The mechanism of hormone-stimulated prostaglandin E2 biosynthesis was investigated in rabbit renomedullary interstitial cells in tissue culture. Angiotensin II, bradykinin, and arginine vasopressin stimulated arachidonic acid release and subsequent prostaglandin biosynthesis. Indomethacin completely inhibited prostaglandin biosynthesis without affecting arachidonic acid release. Mepacrine, a phospholipase inhibitor, inhibited arachidonic acid release without affecting subsequent synthesis of prostaglandin E2. Our studies suggest that arachidonic acid release via hormone-activated phospholipase or acylhydrolase (or both) is the mechanism of hormone-stimulated prostaglandin E2 biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: The last three consecutive epidermal growth factor-like structures of human thrombomodulin comprise the minimum functional domain for protein C-activating cofactor activity and anticoagulant activity Abstract: We have identified a minimum functional domain of human thrombomodulin for anticoagulant activity using deletion analysis. Four mutants were constructed by site-directed deletion mutagenesis to delete one or more epidermal growth factor (EGF)-like structures from the domain of human thrombomodulin containing six repeated EGF-like structures. These deletion mutants were expressed transiently in COS-1 cells, and their protein C-activating cofactor activities in the culture medium were examined. One mutant protein, E456, which contains the fourth, fifth, and sixth EGF-like structures expresses apparent cofactor activity. However, neither E456-N24 (24 NH2-terminal-residue deletion) nor E456-C16 (16 COOH-terminal-residue deletion) have cofactor activity. E456 was partially purified and its anticoagulant effects on plasma clotting time and platelet aggregation examined. E456 expressed almost the same anticoagulant activities as D123 which contains six consecutive EGF-like structures of thrombomodulin. It was concluded that E456 is the minimum functional domain for both protein C-activating cofactor activity and anticoagulant activity.	0
Abstract2class: Aspartic acid 349 in the fourth epidermal growth factor-like structure of human thrombomodulin plays a role in its Ca(2+)-mediated binding to protein C Abstract: The last three consecutive epidermal growth factor (EGF)-like structures of human thrombomodulin constitute the functional domain for protein C-activating cofactor activity and anticoagulant activity. Using site-directed deletion mutagenesis, we found that amino acid Asp349 of TME456, a recombinantly produced protein consisting of EGF-like structures 4, 5, and 6, is essential for retaining full protein C-activating cofactor activity. To investigate the role of Asp349 in the protein C-activating cofactor activity of human thrombomodulin, we have constructed two mutants of TMD123, a recombinantly produced protein consisting of domains D1, D2, and D3 of thrombomodulin, using site-directed point mutagenesis of the thrombomodulin coding sequence. In mutant TMD123A, the Asp349 codon was replaced with an Ala codon and in mutant TMD123E, the Asp349 codon was replaced with a Glu codon. The partially purified mutant proteins were assayed for their protein C-activating cofactor activity at various Ca2+ concentrations. TMD123 and TMD123E protein showed similar high levels of cofactor activity and similar patterns of Ca2+ dependence, while TMD123A had lower cofactor activity and did not show any Ca2+ dependence. We concluded that Asp349 in the fourth EGF-like structure of human thrombomodulin plays a role in its Ca(2+)-mediated binding to protein C.	0
Abstract2class: Hypotension, autonomic failure, and cardiac hypertrophy in transgenic mice overexpressing the alpha 1B-adrenergic receptor Abstract: alpha(1)-Adrenergic receptors (alpha(1A), alpha(1B), and alpha(1D)) are regulators of systemic arterial blood pressure and blood flow. Whereas vasoconstrictory action of the alpha(1A) and alpha(1D) subtypes is thought to be mainly responsible for this activity, the role of the alpha(1B)-adrenergic receptor (alpha(1B)AR) in this process is controversial. We have generated transgenic mice that overexpress either wild type or constitutively active alpha(1B)ARs. Transgenic expression was under the control of the isogenic promoter, thus assuring appropriate developmental and tissue-specific expression. Cardiovascular phenotypes displayed by transgenic mice included myocardial hypertrophy and hypotension. Indicative of cardiac hypertrophy, transgenic mice displayed an increased heart to body weight ratio, which was confirmed by the echocardiographic finding of an increased thickness of the interventricular septum and posterior wall. Functional deficits included an increased isovolumetric relaxation time, a decreased heart rate, and cardiac output. Transgenic mice were hypotensive and exhibited a decreased pressor response. Vasoconstrictory regulation by alpha(1B)AR was absent as shown by the lack of phenylephrine-induced contractile differences between ex vivo mesenteric artery preparations. Plasma epinephrine, norepinephrine, and cortisol levels were also reduced in transgenic mice, suggesting a loss of sympathetic nerve activity. Reduced catecholamine levels together with basal hypotension, bradycardia, reproductive problems, and weight loss suggest autonomic failure, a phenotype that is consistent with the multiple system atrophy-like neurodegeneration that has been reported previously in these mice. These results also suggest that this receptor subtype is not involved in the classic vasoconstrictory action of alpha(1)ARs that is important in systemic regulation of blood pressure.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a conserved switch residue responsible for selective constitutive activation of the beta2-adrenergic receptor Abstract: A cysteine-to-phenylalanine mutation of residue 116 in the third transmembrane domain of the beta2-adrenergic receptor caused selective constitutive activation of Na+/H+ exchange through a pathway not involving cAMP. This selectivity was identified by comparing binding and signaling characteristics of wild-type (WT) versus C116F mutant receptors transiently transfected into COS-1 cells. Indicating constitutive activity, ligand binding to the C116F mutant showed a 78-fold higher than WT affinity for isoproterenol and a 40-fold lower than WT affinity for ICI 118551. Although agonist-independent activation of cAMP production was not exhibited by the C116F mutant, a constitutive stimulation of the Na+/H+ exchanger (NHE1) was observed. This was identified by measuring either basal intracellular pH (pHi) or rate of pHi recovery from cellular acid load. Due to a higher rate of H+ efflux through NHE1, C116F transfectants exhibited a significantly higher pHi (7.42) than did WT transfectants (7.1). Furthermore, the rate of pHi recovery from acid load facilitated by NHE1 was 2.1-fold faster in mutant transfectants than in WT transfectants. The lower rate seen in the WT case was stimulated by epinephrine, and the higher rate seen in the mutant case was inhibited by ICI 118551. These findings, which show that a C116F mutation of the beta2-adrenergic receptor evokes selective constitutive coupling to NHE1 over cAMP, form the basis of our prediction that multiple and distinct activation states can exist in G protein-coupled receptors.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a novel type of silk protein and regulation of its expression Abstract: The silk of lepidopteran insects has been studied extensively as proteins of two categories: the fibroins, which are produced in the posterior section of silk glands, and the sericins, which are secreted in the middle section. We now describe a third category that is named seroins to accentuate the fact that both the sericin- and the fibroin-producing cells participate in seroin secretion. Using a probe derived from the N-terminal sequences of a 23-kDa components of Galleria mellonella silk, we isolated silk gland-specific cDNA encoding 167 amino acids, of which 17 constitute the signal peptide. The following 14 residues match the N-terminal sequences of the 23- and 22.5-kDa silk proteines. The reaction of these proteins with concanavalin A and the presence of two glycosylation sites in the seroin peptide sequence indicate that seroin is secreted in two forms that both contain a mannose-rich sugar moiety. Seroin is distinguished from other silk proteins by high proline content (34 residues or 20.26% by weight), lack of cysteines, and the presence of two kinds of short amino acid repeats. The seroin gene is expressed in both the posterior and middle silk gland sections. The expression fluctuates during development in correlation with the feeding regime and the changes in hormone titers: seroin mRNA is high in the silk glands of feeding larvae, declines at ecdysis, reaches a maximum during cocoon spinning, and thereafter rapidly drops to an undetectable level. In vivo and in vitro experiments showed that the drop is caused by ecdysteroid hormones and is prevented by juvenile hormones. N-terminal sequencing of several silk proteins of Bombyx mori revealed that the 8- and 13-kDa proteins share 5 or 6 out of 10 identified amino acids with the N terminus of Galleria seroin and obviously represent seroin homologues. The result suggests that seroin-type proteins are a general component of lepidopteran silk.	0
Abstract2class: Unique molecular architecture of silk fibroin in the waxmoth, Galleria mellonella Abstract: Proteins of silk fibers are characterized by reiterations of amino acid repeats. Physical properties of the fiber are determined by the amino acid composition, the complexity of repetitive units, and arrangement of these units into higher order arrays. Except for very short motifs of 6-10 residues, the length of repetitive units and the number of these units concatenated in higher order assemblies vary in all spider and lepidopteran silks analyzed so far. This paper describes an exceptional silk protein represented by the 500-kDa heavy chain fibroin (H-fibroin) of the waxmoth, Galleria mellonella. Its non-repetitive N-terminal (175 residues) and C-terminal (60 residues) parts, the overall gene organization, and the nucleotide sequence around the TATA box show that it is homologous to the H-fibroins of other Lepidoptera. However, over 95% of the protein consists of highly ordered repetitive structures that are unmatched in other species. The repetitive region includes 11 assemblies AB(1)AB(1)AB(1)AB(2)(AB(2))AB(2) of remarkably conserved polypeptide repeats A (63 amino acid residues), B(1) (43 residues), and B(2) (18 residues). The repeats contain a high proportion of Gly (31.6%), Ala (23.8%), Ser (18.1%), and of residues with long hydrophobic side chains (16% for Leu, Ile, and Val combined). The presence of the GLGGLG and SSAASAA(AA) motifs suggests formation of pleated beta-sheets and their stacking into crystallites. Conspicuous conservation of the apolar sequence VIVI followed by DD or ED is interpreted as indicating the importance of hydrophobicity and electrostatic charge in H-fibroin cross-linking. The environment of G. mellonella larvae within bee cultures requires continuous production of silk that must be both strong and elastic. The spectacular arrangement of the repetitive H-fibroin region apparently evolved to meet these requirements.	0
Abstract2class: Human protein arginine methyltransferase 7 (PRMT7) is a type III enzyme forming ω-NG-monomethylated arginine residues Abstract: Full-length human protein arginine methyltransferase 7 (PRMT7) expressed as a fusion protein in Escherichia coli was initially found to generate only ω-N(G)-monomethylated arginine residues in small peptides, suggesting that it is a type III enzyme. A later study, however, characterized fusion proteins of PRMT7 expressed in bacterial and mammalian cells as a type II/type I enzyme, capable of producing symmetrically dimethylated arginine (type II activity) as well as small amounts of asymmetric dimethylarginine (type I activity). We have sought to clarify the enzymatic activity of human PRMT7. We analyzed the in vitro methylation products of a glutathione S-transferase (GST)-PRMT7 fusion protein with robust activity using a variety of arginine-containing synthetic peptides and protein substrates, including a GST fusion with the N-terminal domain of fibrillarin (GST-GAR), myelin basic protein, and recombinant human histones H2A, H2B, H3, and H4. Regardless of the methylation reaction conditions (incubation time, reaction volume, and substrate concentration), we found that PRMT7 only produces ω-N(G)-monomethylarginine with these substrates. In control experiments, we showed that mammalian GST-PRMT1 and Myc-PRMT5 were, unlike PRMT7, able to dimethylate both peptide P-SmD3 and SmB/D3 to give the expected asymmetric and symmetric products, respectively. These experiments show that PRMT7 is indeed a type III human methyltransferase capable of forming only ω-N(G)-monomethylarginine, not asymmetric ω-N(G),N(G)-dimethylarginine or symmetric ω-N(G),N(G')-dimethylarginine, under the conditions tested.	0
Abstract2class: NADPH inhibits [2Fe-2S] cluster protein transfer from diabetes drug target MitoNEET to an apo-acceptor protein Abstract: MitoNEET (mNT) is the founding member of the recently discovered CDGSH family of [2Fe-2S] proteins capable of [2Fe-2S] cluster transfer to apo-acceptor proteins. It is a target of the thiazolidinedione (TZD) class of anti-diabetes drugs whose binding modulate both electron transfer and cluster transfer properties. The [2Fe-2S] cluster in mNT is destabilized upon binding of NADPH, which leads to loss of the [2Fe-2S] cluster to the solution environment. Because mNT is capable of transferring [2Fe-2S] clusters to apo-acceptor proteins, we sought to determine whether NADPH binding also affects cluster transfer. We show that NADPH inhibits transfer of the [2Fe-2S] cluster to an apo-acceptor protein with an inhibition constant (K(i)) of 200 μm, which reflects that of NADPH concentrations expected under physiological conditions. In addition, we determined that the strictly conserved cluster interacting residue Asp-84 in the CDGSH domain is necessary for the NADPH-dependent inhibition of [2Fe-2S] cluster transfer. The most critical cellular function of NADPH is in the maintenance of a pool of reducing equivalents, which is essential to counteract oxidative damage. Taken together, our findings suggest that NADPH can regulate both mNT [2Fe-2S] cluster levels in the cell as well as the ability of the protein to transfer [2Fe-2S] clusters to cytosolic or mitochondrial acceptors.	0
Abstract2class: Controlled proteolysis of the purified Ca2+-ATPase of the erythrocyte membrane. A correlation between the structure and the function of the enzyme Abstract: The purified Ca2+-pumping ATPase of the erythrocyte plasma membrane has been subjected to a controlled proteolytic treatment with trypsin. The treatment has been previously shown to shift the enzyme from low to high Ca2+ affinity in the absence of calmodulin. The treatment leads to the fragmentation of the ATPase molecule into a number of products and to the accumulation of major limit polypeptides having Mr of 14,000, 28,000, 33,500, 48,000, and 76,000. The 33,500 Mr fragment reacts with 3(trifluoromethyl)-3 (m-[125I]iodophenyl)-diazirine, suggesting that it contains intramembrane regions of the enzyme. A number of minor fragmentation products were also formed, among them a polypeptide of Mr = 90,000 which is rapidly degraded further and a limit polypeptide of Mr about 25,000. [125I]Iodoazidocalmodulin cross-linked only to the original ATPase and to the fragments with Mr = 90,000 and Mr about 25,000. The Mr = 90,000 fragment can be isolated on calmodulin-Sepharose and on phenothiazine affinity columns. It retains the functional properties of the intact pump; it has a calmodulin-responsive ATPase activity and it actively accumulates Ca2+ upon incorporation into liposomes. Further proteolysis of the Mr = 90,000 fragment produces a fragment of Mr = 81,000-76,000 which forms an acylphosphate intermediate, which does not bind to calmodulin-Sepharose, and which seems to be responsible for the calmodulin-insensitive activity which appears as it is produced. A model is presented which postulates a major and a minor degradation pattern and rationalizes the pattern of proteolysis and of the [125I]iodoazidocalmodulin binding observed.	0
Abstract2class: X-ray structures of the three Lactococcus lactis dihydroxyacetone kinase subunits and of a transient intersubunit complex Abstract: Bacterial dihydroxyacetone (Dha) kinases do not exchange the ADP for ATP but utilize a subunit of the phosphoenolpyruvate carbohydrate phosphotransferase system for in situ rephosphorylation of a permanently bound ADP-cofactor. Here we report the 2.1-angstroms crystal structure of the transient complex between the phosphotransferase subunit DhaM of the phosphotransferase system and the nucleotide binding subunit DhaL of the Dha kinase of Lactococcus lactis, the 1.1-angstroms structure of the free DhaM dimer, and the 2.5-angstroms structure of the Dha-binding DhaK subunit. Conserved salt bridges and an edge-to-plane stacking contact between two tyrosines serve to orient DhaL relative to the DhaM dimer. The distance between the imidazole Nepsilon2 of the DhaM His-10 and the beta-phosphate oxygen of ADP, between which the gamma-phosphate is transferred, is 4.9 angstroms. An invariant arginine, which is essential for activity, is appropriately positioned to stabilize the gamma-phosphate in the transition state. The (betaalpha)4alpha fold of DhaM occurs a second time as a subfold in the DhaK subunit. By docking DhaL-ADP to this subfold, the nucleotide bound to DhaL and the C1-hydroxyl of Dha bound to DhaK are positioned for in-line transfer of phosphate.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of the hepatic synthesis of C1 inhibitor by the hepatocyte stimulating factors interleukin 6 and interferon gamma Abstract: C1 inhibitor (C1INH), the major plasma inhibitor of activated C1, kallikrein, and activated Hageman factor, may be an important factor in limiting inflammatory injury mediated by the complement and contact systems. C1INH is thought to be synthesized primarily in the liver; however, the regulators of hepatic C1 inhibitor synthesis are completely unknown. In this report, we analyze the regulation of C1INH synthesis by hepatocyte stimulating factors in human hepatoma cell lines and primary hepatocytes. Interleukin-6 and interferon gamma increase C1INH production in both hepatoma cells and hepatocytes. These cytokines stimulate de novo synthesis of functional C1INH, acting at a pretranslational level as assessed by Northern blotting. The stimulatory effects of interleukin-6 and interferon gamma on C1INH synthesis are separate and are differentially modulated by interleukin-1. These results establish that hepatic C1INH synthesis is regulated by hepatocyte stimulating factors and reveal novel interactions between these factors.	0
Abstract2class: The expanding roles and mechanisms of G protein-mediated presynaptic inhibition Abstract: Throughout the past five decades, tremendous advancements have been made in our understanding of G protein signaling and presynaptic inhibition, many of which were published in the Journal of Biological Chemistry under the tenure of Herb Tabor as Editor-in-Chief. Here, we identify these critical advances, including the formulation of the ternary complex model of G protein-coupled receptor signaling and the discovery of Gβγ as a critical signaling component of the heterotrimeric G protein, along with the nature of presynaptic inhibition and its physiological role. We provide an overview for the discovery and physiological relevance of the two known Gβγ-mediated mechanisms for presynaptic inhibition: first, the action of Gβγ on voltage-gated calcium channels to inhibit calcium influx to the presynaptic active zone and, second, the direct binding of Gβγ to the SNARE complex to displace synaptotagmin downstream of calcium entry, which has been demonstrated to be important in neurons and secretory cells. These two mechanisms act in tandem with each other in a synergistic manner to provide more complete spatiotemporal control over neurotransmitter release.	0
Abstract2class: Gβγ directly modulates vesicle fusion by competing with synaptotagmin for binding to neuronal SNARE proteins embedded in membranes Abstract: Gi/o-coupled G protein-coupled receptors can inhibit neurotransmitter release at synapses via multiple mechanisms. In addition to Gβγ-mediated modulation of voltage-gated calcium channels (VGCC), inhibition can also be mediated through the direct interaction of Gβγ subunits with the soluble N-ethylmaleimide attachment protein receptor (SNARE) complex of the vesicle fusion apparatus. Binding studies with soluble SNARE complexes have shown that Gβγ binds to both ternary SNARE complexes, t-SNARE heterodimers, and monomeric SNAREs, competing with synaptotagmin 1(syt1) for binding sites on t-SNARE. However, in secretory cells, Gβγ, SNAREs, and synaptotagmin interact in the lipid environment of a vesicle at the plasma membrane. To approximate this environment, we show that fluorescently labeled Gβγ interacts specifically with lipid-embedded t-SNAREs consisting of full-length syntaxin 1 and SNAP-25B at the membrane, as measured by fluorescence polarization. Fluorescently labeled syt1 undergoes competition with Gβγ for SNARE-binding sites in lipid environments. Mutant Gβγ subunits that were previously shown to be more efficacious at inhibiting Ca2+-triggered exocytotic release than wild-type Gβγ were also shown to bind SNAREs at a higher affinity than wild type in a lipid environment. These mutant Gβγ subunits were unable to inhibit VGCC currents. Specific peptides corresponding to regions on Gβ and Gγ shown to be important for the interaction disrupt the interaction in a concentration-dependent manner. In in vitro fusion assays using full-length t- and v-SNAREs embedded in liposomes, Gβγ inhibited Ca2+/synaptotagmin-dependent fusion. Together, these studies demonstrate the importance of these regions for the Gβγ-SNARE interaction and show that the target of Gβγ, downstream of VGCC, is the membrane-embedded SNARE complex.	0
Abstract2class: The primary binding subunit of the human interleukin-4 receptor is also a component of the interleukin-13 receptor Abstract: Interleukin (IL)-13 elicits a subset of the biological activities of the related IL-4. The basis of this functional similarity is that their specific cell-surface receptors (called IL-13R and IL-4R) are distinct, yet are complex and share a common subunit(s). The IL-4R primary binding subunit (called IL-4R alpha) does not by itself bind IL-13. We show that the ability of IL-13 to partially compete for IL-4 binding to some human cell types depended on co-expression of IL-4R and IL-13R. However, IL-13 binding was always associated with IL-4 binding. Hyper-expression of IL-4R alpha on cells expressing both IL-4R and IL-13R decreased their binding affinity for IL-4, abrogated the ability of IL-13 to compete for IL-4 binding, and yet had no effect on IL-13R properties. Anti-human IL-4R alpha monoclonal antibodies which blocked the biological function and binding of IL-4 also blocked the function and binding of IL-13. These data show that IL-4R alpha is a secondary component of IL-13R.	0
Abstract2class: Semisynthetic analogues of toxiferine I and their pharmacological properties at α7 nAChRs, muscle-type nAChRs, and the allosteric binding site of muscarinic M2 receptors Abstract: A new series of analogues of the calabash curare alkaloid toxiferine I was prepared and pharmacologically evaluated at α7 and muscle-type nAChRs and the allosteric site of muscarinic M2 receptors. The new ligands differ from toxiferine I by the absence of one (2a-c) or two (3a-c) hydroxy groups, saturation of the exocyclic double bonds, and various N-substituents (methyl, allyl, 4-nitrobenzyl). At the muscle-type nAChRs, most ligands showed similar binding to the muscle relaxant alcuronium, indicating neuromuscular blocking activity, with the nonhydroxylated analogues 3b (Ki = 75 nM) and 3c (Ki = 82 nM) displaying the highest affinity. At α7 nAChRs, all ligands showed a moderate to low antagonistic effect, suggesting that the alcoholic functions are not necessary for antagonistic action. Compound 3c exerted the highest preference for the muscle-type nAChRs (Ki = 82 nM) over α7 (IC50 = 21 μM). As for the allosteric site of M2 receptors, binding was found to be dependent on N-substitution rather than on the nature of the side chains. The most potent ligands were the N-allyl analogues 2b and 3b (EC0.5,diss = 12 and 36 nM) and the N-nitrobenzyl derivatives 2c and 3c (EC0.5,diss = 32 and 49 nM). The present findings should help delineate the structural requirements for activity at different types of AChRs and for the design of novel selective ligands.	0
Abstract2class: Terpenoid tetrahydroisoquinoline alkaloids emetine, klugine, and isocephaeline inhibit the activation of hypoxia-inducible factor-1 in breast tumor cells Abstract: Klugine (1), isocephaeline (2), and emetine (4) inhibited hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1) activation by hypoxia in T47D breast tumor cells (IC(50) values 0.2, 1.1, and 0.11 muM, respectively). Compounds 1, 2, and 4 inhibited both hypoxia- and iron chelator-induced HIF-1 activation by blocking HIF-1alpha protein accumulation.	0
Abstract2class: Hypoxia-inducible factor-1 activation by (-)-epicatechin gallate: potential adverse effects of cancer chemoprevention with high-dose green tea extracts Abstract: Hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1) is a transcription factor that induces oxygen-regulated genes in response to reduced oxygen conditions (hypoxia). Expression of the oxygen-regulated HIF-1alpha subunit correlates positively with advanced disease stages and poor prognosis in cancer patients. Green tea catechins are believed to be responsible for the cancer chemopreventive activities of green tea. We found that (-)-epicatechin-3-gallate (ECG, 1), one of the major green tea catechins, strongly activates HIF-1 in T47D human breast carcinoma cells. Among the green tea catechins tested, 1 demonstrated the strongest HIF-1-inducing activity, while (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG, 2) was significantly less active. However, 2 is relatively unstable in the in vitro system studied. Compound 1 also increases the expression of HIF-1 target genes including GLUT-1, VEGF, and CDKN1A. In T47D cells, 1 induces nuclear HIF-1alpha protein without affecting HIF-1alpha mRNA. Both the induction of HIF-1alpha protein and activation of HIF-1 by 1 can be blocked by iron and ascorbate, indicating that 1 may activate HIF-1 through the chelation of iron. These results suggest that intended cancer chemoprevention with high-dose green tea extracts may be compromised, by the ability of tea catechins to promote tumor cell survival pathways associated with HIF-1 activation.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and Biological Activity of NFAT-133 Congeners from Streptomyces pactum Abstract: The soil bacterium Streptomyces pactum ATCC 27456 produces a number of polyketide natural products. Among them is NFAT-133, an inhibitor of the nuclear factor of activated T cells (NFAT) that suppresses interleukin-2 (IL-2) expression and T cell proliferation. Biosynthetic gene inactivation in the ATCC 27456 strain revealed the ability of this strain to produce other polyketide compounds including analogues of NFAT-133. Consequently, seven new derivatives of NFAT-133, TM-129-TM-135, together with a known compound, panowamycin A, were isolated from the culture broth of S. pactum ATCC 27456 ΔptmTDQ. Their chemical structures were elucidated on the basis of their HRESIMS, 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy, and ECD calculation and spectral data. NFAT-133, TM-132, TM-135, and panowamycin A showed no antibacterial activity or cytotoxicity, but weakly reduced the production of LPS-induced nitric oxide in RAW264.7 cells in a dose-dependent manner. A revised chemical structure of panowamycin A and proposed modes of formation of the new NFAT-133 analogues are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Bufadienolides from the Eggs of the Toad Bufo bufo gargarizans and Their Antimelanoma Activities Abstract: Toads produce potent toxins, named bufadienolides, to defend against their predators. Pharmacological research has revealed that bufadienolides are potential anticancer drugs. In this research, we reported nine bufadienolides from the eggs of the toad Bufo bufo gargarizans, including two new compounds (1 and 3). The chemical structures of 1 and 3, as well as of one previously reported semisynthesized compound (2), were elucidated on the basis of extensive spectroscopic data interpretation, chemical methods, and X-ray diffraction analysis. Compound 1 is an unusual 19-norbufadienolide with rearranged A/B rings. A biological test revealed that compounds 2 and 4-8 showed potent cytotoxic activities toward human melanoma cell line SK-MEL-1 with IC50 values less than 1.0 μM. A preliminary mechanism investigation revealed that the most potent compound, 8, could induce apoptosis via PARP cleavage, while 5 and 6 significantly suppressed angiogenesis in zebrafish. Furthermore, an in vivo biological study showed that 5, 6, and 8 inhibit SK-MEL-1 cell growth significantly.	0
Abstract2class: Assessing the regioselectivity of OleD-catalyzed glycosylation with a diverse set of acceptors Abstract: To explore the acceptor regioselectivity of OleD-catalyzed glucosylation, the products of OleD-catalyzed reactions with six structurally diverse acceptors flavones- (daidzein), isoflavones (flavopiridol), stilbenes (resveratrol), indole alkaloids (10-hydroxycamptothecin), and steroids (2-methoxyestradiol)-were determined. This study highlights the first synthesis of flavopiridol and 2-methoxyestradiol glucosides and confirms the ability of OleD to glucosylate both aromatic and aliphatic nucleophiles. In all cases, molecular dynamics simulations were consistent with the determined product distribution and suggest the potential to develop a virtual screening model to identify additional OleD substrates.	0
Abstract2class: Anti-HIV Tigliane-Type Diterpenoids from the Aerial Parts of Wikstroemia lichiangensis Abstract: Tigliane-type diterpenoids have attracted much attention in drug discovery since they have been reported to exhibit remarkable biological effects, such as tumor-promoting, antineoplastic, and anti-HIV activities. In continuing our efforts to discover novel biologically important diterpenoids from Wikstroemia species, Wikstroemia lichiangensis was investigated phytochemically for the first time. As a result, four new (1-4) and one known (5) tigliane-type diterpenoid were isolated, and their structures were elucidated by spectroscopic data analysis. Tiglianes (1-5) showed potent anti-HIV activity against HIV-1 infection of MT4 lymphocytes with IC50 values of 1.1-65.4 nM.	0
Abstract2class: Rufomycins or Ilamycins: Naming Clarifications and Definitive Structural Assignments Abstract: Rufomycin and ilamycin are synonymous for the same class of cyclopeptides, currently encompassing 33 structurally characterized isolates and 9 semisynthetic derivatives. Elucidation of new structures prioritized the consolidation of the names and established the structures of four diastereoisomeric rufomycins with a 2-piperidinone, named rufomycins 4-7, including full 1H/13C NMR assignments. The characteristic HSQC cross-peak for the CH-5, the hemiaminal carbon in amino acid #5, allows assignment of the stereocenters C-4 and C-5 within this ring. Semisynthetic derivatives (rufomycinSS 1, 2, and 3) were prepared from a rufomycins 4 and 6 mixture to validate the structural assignments. Based on the X-ray crystal structures of rufomycins 2 and 4, considering the NMR differences of rufomycins 7 vs 4-6 compared to rufomycinSS 1 vs 2 and 3, and taking into account that two major conformers, A and B, occur in both rufomycinSS 2 and 3, structural modeling was pursued. Collectively, this paper discusses the NMR spectroscopic differences of the stereoisomers and their possible 3D conformers and correlates these with the anti-Mycobacterium tuberculosis activity. In addition, a look at the history prioritizes names and numbering schemes for this group of antibiotics and leads to consolidated nomenclature for all currently known members, natural and semisynthetic derivatives, and serves to accommodate future discoveries.	0
Abstract2class: Antimycobacterial Rufomycin Analogues from Streptomyces atratus Strain MJM3502 Abstract: This study represents a systematic chemical and biological study of the rufomycin (RUF) class of cyclic heptapeptides, which our anti-TB drug discovery efforts have identified as potentially promising anti-TB agents that newly target the caseinolytic protein C1, ClpC1. Eight new RUF analogues, rufomycins NBZ1-NBZ8 (1-8), as well as five known peptides (9-13) were isolated and characterized from the Streptomyces atratus strain MJM3502. Advanced Marfey's and X-ray crystallographic analysis led to the assignment of the absolute configuration of the RUFs. Several isolates exhibited potent activity against both pathogens M. tuberculosis H37Rv and M. abscessus, paired with favorable selectivity (selectivity index >60), which collectively underscores the promise of the rufomycins as potential anti-TB drug leads.	0
Abstract2class: Nanomolar Antimalarial Agents against Chloroquine-Resistant Plasmodium falciparum from Medicinal Plants and Their Structure-Activity Relationships Abstract: Inspired by the discovery of the antimalarial drug artemisinin from a traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), a natural product library of 44 lindenane-type sesquiterpenoids was assessed for activities against the Dd2 chloroquine-resistant strain of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum. These compounds were mainly isolated from plants of the Chloranthus genus, many species of which are named "Sikuaiwa" in TCM and have long been used to treat malaria. The compounds consisted of 41 sesquiterpenoid dimers and three monomers, including the 12 new dimers 1-12 isolated from Chloranthus fortunei. The results showed that 16 dimers exhibited potent antiplasmodial activities (<100 nM); in particular, compounds 1, 14, and 19 exhibited low nanomolar activities with IC50 values ranging from 1 to 7 nM, which is comparable to the potency of artemisinin, and selectivity index values toward mammalian cells greater than 500. A comprehensive structure-activity relationship study indicated that three functional groups are essential and two motifs can be modified.	0
Abstract2class: Activity of Icacinol from Icacina trichantha on Seedling Growth of Oryza sativa and Arabidopsis thaliana Abstract: Broadleaf weeds are very costly for crop growers. Additional herbicidal compounds need to be obtained, especially from natural sources. Extracts of Icacina trichantha were evaluated for responses in germinating seeds and seedlings of rice (Oryza sativa) and Arabidopsis (Arabidopsis thaliana). An ethyl acetate fraction of I. trichantha tuber and a diterpenoid constituent, icacinol (1), were found to have impacts on germination and growth of seedlings. The seed germination inhibitory activity on rice was minimal, but significant on Arabidopsis. While rice indicated some growth delay in leaf expansion in the presence of 1, the effects appeared temporary; chlorophyll and anthocyanins were not significantly altered compared to DMSO controls. Rice seedlings attained biomass similar to DMSO controls, and rice grains per panicle were not significantly different from the DMSO controls. On the other hand, Arabidopsis exhibited damage to leaf expansion, reduced chlorophyll, and increased anthocyanins in aerial portions of the seedlings. Icacinol (1) may be a suitable chemical agent to investigate further for the treatment of eudicot weeds.	0
Abstract2class: (9βH)-Pimaranes and Derivatives from the Tuber of Icacina trichantha Abstract: New 17-nor-pimaranes (1, 2), (9βH)-pimaranes (3, 4), and 17-nor-(9βH)-pimarane (5) were isolated from the tuber of Icacina trichantha. The structures were elucidated based on spectroscopic and HRMS data. The absolute configurations of 3 and 5 were determined by single-crystal X-ray diffraction. Compound 5 possesses a unique 19,20-δ-lactone moiety. Compound 3 showed cytotoxicity against MDA-MB-435 (human melanoma cancer) cells with an IC50 value of 7.04 μM. A plausible biogenetic pathway for compounds 1-5 is proposed.	0
Abstract2class: 17-Norpimaranes and (9βH)-17-Norpimaranes from the Tuber of Icacina trichantha Abstract: Seven new 17-norpimarane and (9βH)-17-norpimarane diterpenoids, icacinlactones A-G (1-7), were isolated from the tuber of Icacina trichantha. The structures were elucidated by spectroscopic and HRMS techniques, and the absolute configuration of 2 was determined by means of X-ray crystallographic analysis. Compounds 1-7, as well as four known related structures, were evaluated for cytotoxic activity against MDA-MB-435 (human melanoma cancer), MDA-MB-231 (human breast cancer), and OVCAR3 (human ovarian cancer) cell lines. Several of these natural products displayed significant cytotoxic activity, with humirianthenolide C being the most active.	0
Abstract2class: Actinopolysporins A-C and tubercidin as a Pdcd4 stabilizer from the halophilic actinomycete Actinopolyspora erythraea YIM 90600 Abstract: Our current natural product program utilizes new actinomycetes originating from unexplored and underexplored ecological niches, employing cytotoxicity against a selected panel of cancer cell lines as the preliminary screen to identify hit strains for natural product dereplication, followed by mechanism-based assays of the purified natural products to discover potential anticancer drug leads. Three new linear polyketides, actinopolysporins A (1), B (2), and C (3), along with the known antineoplastic antibiotic tubercidin (4), were isolated from the halophilic actinomycete Actinopolyspora erythraea YIM 90600, and the structures of the new compounds were elucidated on the basis of spectroscopic data interpretation. All four compounds were assayed for their ability to stabilize the tumor suppressor programmed cell death protein 4 (Pdcd4), which is known to antagonize critical events in oncogenic pathways. Only 4 significantly inhibited proteasomal degradation of a model Pdcd4-luciferase fusion protein, with an IC50 of 0.88±0.09 μM, unveiling a novel biological activity for this well-studied natural product.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid Recognition and Targeted Isolation of Anti-HIV Daphnane Diterpenes from Daphne genkwa Guided by UPLC-MSn Abstract: Daphnane diterpenes with a 5/7/6-tricyclic ring system exhibit potent anti-HIV activity but are found in low abundance as plant natural products. In this study, an effective approach based on mass spectrometric fragmentation pathways was conducted to specifically recognize and isolate anti-HIV compounds of this type from Daphne genkwa. Briefly, the fragmentation pathways of reference analogues were elucidated based on characteristic ion fragments of m/z 323 → 295 → 267 or m/z 253 → 238 → 197 by ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-ion trap tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-IT-MSn) and then applied to the differentiations of substances with or without an oxygenated group at C-12. Twenty-seven daphnane diterpenes were successfully recognized from a petroleum ether extract of D. genkwa, including some potential new compounds and isomers that could not be identified accurately only from the ion fragments. Further separation of these target compounds using high-speed countercurrent chromatography (HSCCC) and preparative HPLC led to the isolation of three new (11, 25, and 27) and 14 known compounds, whose structures were identified and confirmed based on MS, NMR, and electronic circular dichroism (ECD) spectroscopy. The isolates exhibited anti-HIV activities at nanomolar concentrations. The results demonstrated that this strategy is feasible and reliable to rapidly recognize and isolate daphnane diterpenes from D. genkwa.	0
Abstract2class: Search for cell motility and angiogenesis inhibitors with potential anticancer activity: beauvericin and other constituents of two endophytic strains of Fusarium oxysporum Abstract: Wound-healing assay-guided fractionation of an EtOAc extract of the fungal strain Fusarium oxysporum EPH2RAA endophytic in Ephedra fasciculata afforded beauvericin (1), (-)-oxysporidinone (2), and two new N-methyl-2-pyridones, (-)-4,6'-anhydrooxysporidinone (3) and (-)-6-deoxyoxysporidinone (4). Beauvericin (1) inhibited migration of the metastatic prostate cancer (PC-3M) and breast cancer (MDA-MB-231) cells and showed antiangiogenic activity in HUVEC-2 cells at sublethal concentrations. Cytotoxicity-guided fractionation of an EtOAc extract of F. oxysporum strain CECIS occurring in Cylindropuntia echinocarpus afforded rhodolamprometrin (5), bikaverin (6), and the new natural product 6-deoxybikaverin (7). All compounds were evaluated for cytotoxicity in a panel of four sentinel cancer cell lines, NCI-H460 (non-small-cell lung), MIA Pa Ca-2 (pancreatic), MCF-7 (breast), and SF-268 (CNS glioma), and only beauvericin (1) and bikaverin (6) were active, with 1 and 6 showing selective toxicity toward NCI-H460 and MIA Pa Ca-2, respectively. Interestingly, 6-deoxybikaverin (7) was completely devoid of activity, suggesting the requirement of the C-6 hydroxy group of bikaverin for its cytotoxic activity.	0
Abstract2class: Taburnaemines A-I, Cytotoxic Vobasinyl-Iboga-Type Bisindole Alkaloids from Tabernaemontana corymbosa Abstract: Nineteen vobasinyl-ibogan-type bisindole alkaloids, including nine new compounds, taburnaemines A-I (1-9), were isolated from the twigs and leaves of Tabernaemontana corymbosa. The structures and absolute configurations of the new alkaloids were determined by a combination of MS, NMR, and ECD analyses. Alkaloids 1-5 contain a rare 1,3-oxazinane moiety in the vobasinyl unit, while 6 has an uncommon 1,3-oxazolidine moiety in the iboga unit. The absolute configurations of alkaloid 1 and the known alkaloid tabernaecorymbosine A (10) were confirmed by single-crystal X-ray diffraction analysis. All of the bisindole alkaloids, except 2 and 16'-decarbomethoxytabernaecorymbosine A (14), showed antiproliferative activity (IC50 2.6-9.8 μM) against several human cancer cell lines, including A-549, MDA-MB-231, MCF-7, KB, and P-glycoprotein-overexpressing multidrug-resistant KB cells. The preliminary structure-activity relationship correlations are also discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Transport by OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 enhances the cytotoxicity of epigallocatechin 3-O-gallate and several quercetin derivatives Abstract: Organic anion transporting polypeptides (OATPs) 1B1 and 1B3 are transporters that are expressed selectively in human hepatocytes under normal conditions. OATP1B3 is also expressed in certain cancers. Flavonoids such as green tea catechins and quercetin glycosides have been shown to modulate the function of some OATPs. In the present study, the extent to which six substituted quercetin derivatives (1-6) affected the function of OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 was investigated. Uptake of the radiolabeled model substrates estradiol 17β-glucuronide, estrone 3-sulfate, and dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) was determined in the absence and presence of compounds 1-6 using Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells stably expressing either OATP1B1 or OATP1B3. Several of compounds 1-6 inhibited OATP-mediated uptake of all three model substrates, suggesting that they could also be potential substrates. Compound 6 stimulated OATP1B3-mediated estradiol 17β-glucuronide uptake by increasing the apparent affinity of OATP1B3 for its substrate. Cytotoxicity assays demonstrated that epigallocatechin 3-O-gallate (EGCG) and most of compounds 1-6 killed preferentially OATP-expressing CHO cells. EGCG, 1, and 3 were the most potent cytotoxic compounds, with EGCG and 3 selectively killing OATP1B3-expressing cells. Given that OATP1B3 is expressed in several cancers, EGCG and some of the quercetin derivatives studied might be promising lead compounds for the development of novel anticancer drugs.	0
Abstract2class: Himalaquinones A-G, Angucyclinone-Derived Metabolites Produced by the Himalayan Isolate Streptomyces sp. PU-MM59 Abstract: Himalaquinones A-G, seven new anthraquinone-derived metabolites, were obtained from the Himalayan-based Streptomyces sp. PU-MM59. The chemical structures of the new compounds were identified based on cumulative analyses of HRESIMS and NMR spectra. Himalaquinones A-F were determined to be unique anthraquinones that contained unusual C-4a 3-methylbut-3-enoic acid aromatic substitutions, while himalaquinone G was identified as a new 5,6-dihydrodiol-bearing angucyclinone. Comparative bioactivity assessment (antimicrobial, cancer cell line cytotoxicity, impact on 4E-BP1 phosphorylation, and effect on axolotl embryo tail regeneration) revealed cytotoxic landomycin and saquayamycin analogues to inhibit 4E-BP1p and inhibit regeneration. In contrast, himalaquinone G, while also cytotoxic and a regeneration inhibitor, did not affect 4E-BP1p status at the doses tested. As such, this work implicates a unique mechanism for himalaquinone G and possibly other 5,6-dihydrodiol-bearing angucyclinones.	0
Abstract2class: Cycloaspeptides F and G, Cyclic Pentapeptides from a Cordyceps-colonizing isolate of Isaria farinosa Abstract: Cycloaspeptides F (1) and G (2), two new cyclic pentapeptides, and the known cycloaspeptides A (3), C (4), and bisdethiodi(methylthio)hyalodendrin (5) have been isolated from the crude extract of the fungus Isaria farinosa that colonizes Cordyceps sinensis. The structures of 1 and 2 were elucidated primarily by NMR and MS methods. The absolute configuration of 1 was assigned using Marfey's method on its acid hydrolysate. Compounds 1 and 2 showed cytotoxic effects against HeLa and MCF7 cell lines, displaying the same magnitude of activity toward the MCF7 cells as the positive control 5-fluorouracil.	0
Abstract2class: Micromonohalimanes A and B: Antibacterial Halimane-Type Diterpenoids from a Marine Micromonospora Species Abstract: Despite the fact that actinomycetes harbor the genetic potential to produce terpenes, terpenoid natural products tend to be a rare occurrence in fermentation broths. Here we report two new halimane-type diterpenoids, micromonohalimanes A (1) and B (2), that were isolated from a Micromonospora sp. cultivated from the marine ascidian Symplegma brakenhielmi. This is the first report of the halimane-type diterpenoids from Micromonospora. The structures were determined using spectroscopic methods including X-ray crystallography to establish the absolute configuration. Micromonohalimane B demonstrated moderate antibacterial activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of Cyclic Depsipeptides and Their Dedicated Synthetase from Hapsidospora irregularis Abstract: Seven cyclic depsipeptides were isolated from Hapsidospora irregularis and structurally characterized as the calcium channel blocker leualacin and six new analogues based on the NMR and HRESIMS data. These new compounds were named leualacins B-G. The absolute configurations of the amino acids and 2-hydroxyisocaproic acids were determined by recording the optical rotation values. Biological studies showed that calcium influx elicited by leualacin F in primary human lobar bronchial epithelial cells involves the TRPA1 channel. Through genome sequencing and targeted gene disruption, a noniterative nonribosomal peptide synthetase was found to be involved in the biosynthesis of leualacin. A comparison of the structures of leualacin and its analogues indicated that the A2 and A4 domains of the leualacin synthetase are substrate specific, while A1, A3, and A5 can accept alternative precursors to yield new molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Isofuranonaphthoquinone produced by an Actinoplanes isolate Abstract: A new isofuranonaphthoquinone, 7,8-dihydroxy-1-methylnaphtho[2,3-c]furan-4,9-dione, was isolated from cultures of an Actinoplanes isolate obtained using an in situ diffusion technology that facilitates the isolation of soil microorganisms. This compound was demonstrated to have the ability to complex Fe(III). The structure was determined on the basis of spectroscopic data.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical synthesis and characterization of epicatechin glucuronides and sulfates: bioanalytical standards for epicatechin metabolite identification Abstract: The monoglucuronides and sulfates of epicatechin, 3'-O-methylepicatechin, and 4'-O-methylepicatechin, respectively, were synthesized as authentic bioanalytical standards. Reversed-phase HPLC methods capable of baseline separation of the glucuronides and sulfates have been developed. Both the epicatechin glucuronides and sulfates were stable in the solid state when stored under ambient conditions and in aqueous solution when stored refrigerated. These results should prove invaluable to the research community as analytical standards as well as in future studies of the biological and pharmacological effects of epicatechin in humans.	0
Abstract2class: Cytotoxic polyisoprenyl benzophenonoids from Garcinia subelliptica Abstract: Six new polyisoprenyl benzophenonoids, (+/-)-garcinialiptone A (1, 2), garcinialiptone B (3), (-)-cycloxanthochymol (4), garcinialiptone C (5), and garcinialiptone D (6), along with three known compounds, xanthochymol (7), isoxanthochymol (8), and cycloxanthochymol (9), were isolated from the fruits of Garcinia subelliptica. The structures of 1-6 were elucidated by spectroscopic analysis. Biological evaluation showed that all compounds 1-9 exhibited cytotoxic activity against a small panel of human tumor cell lines (A549, DU145, KB, vincristine-resistant KB).	0
Abstract2class: Identification of Neuroprotective Spoxazomicin and Oxachelin Glycosides via Chemoenzymatic Glycosyl-Scanning Abstract: The assessment of glycosyl-scanning to expand the molecular and functional diversity of metabolites from the underground coal mine fire-associated Streptomyces sp. RM-14-6 is reported. Using the engineered glycosyltransferase OleD Loki and a 2-chloro-4-nitrophenylglycoside-based screen, six metabolites were identified as substrates of OleD Loki, from which 12 corresponding metabolite glycosides were produced and characterized. This study highlights the first application of the 2-chloro-4-nitrophenylglycoside-based screen toward an unbiased set of unique microbial natural products and the first reported application of the 2-chloro-4-nitrophenylglycoside-based transglycosylation reaction for the corresponding preparative synthesis of target glycosides. Bioactivity analysis (including antibacterial, antifungal, anticancer, and EtOH damage neuroprotection assays) revealed glycosylation to attenuate the neuroprotective potency of 4, while glycosylation of the structurally related inactive spoxazomicin C (3) remarkably invoked neuroprotective activity.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and antibacterial activity of doxycycline neoglycosides Abstract: A set of 37 doxycycline neoglycosides were prepared, mediated via a C-9 alkoxyamino-glycyl-based spacer reminiscent of that of tigecycline. Subsequent in vitro antibacterial assays against representative drug-resistant Gram negative and Gram positive strains revealed a sugar-dependent activity profile and one doxycycline neoglycoside, the 2'-amino-α-D-glucoside conjugate, to rival that of the parent pharmacophore. In contrast, the representative tetracycline-susceptible strain E. coli 25922 was found to be relatively responsive to a range of doxycycline neoglycosides. This study also extends the use of aminosugars in the context of neoglycosylation via a simple two-step strategy anticipated to be broadly applicable for neoglycorandomization.	0
Abstract2class: Antiproliferative withanolides from Datura wrightii Abstract: A new withanolide, named withawrightolide (1), and four known withanolides (2-5) were isolated from the aerial parts of Datura wrightii. The structure of compound 1 was elucidated through 2D NMR and other spectroscopic techniques. In addition, the structure of withametelin L (2) was confirmed by X-ray crystallographic analysis. Using MTS viability assays, withanolides 1-5 showed antiproliferative activities against human glioblastoma (U251 and U87), head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (MDA-1986), and normal fetal lung fibroblast (MRC-5) cells with IC50 values in the range between 0.56 and 5.6 μM.	0
Abstract2class: Cytotoxic withanolide constituents of Physalis longifolia Abstract: Fourteen new withanolides, 1-14, named withalongolides A-N, respectively, were isolated from the aerial parts of Physalis longifolia together with eight known compounds (15-22). The structures of compounds 1-14 were elucidated through spectroscopic techniques and chemical methods. In addition, the structures of withanolides 1, 2, 3, and 6 were confirmed by X-ray crystallographic analysis. Using a MTS viability assay, eight withanolides (1, 2, 3, 7, 8, 15, 16, and 19) and four acetylated derivatives (1a, 1b, 2a, and 2b) showed potent cytotoxicity against human head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (JMAR and MDA-1986), melanoma (B16F10 and SKMEL-28), and normal fetal fibroblast (MRC-5) cells with IC₅₀ values in the range between 0.067 and 9.3 μM.	0
Abstract2class: Cytotoxic oleanane-type saponins from Albizia inundata Abstract: Bioassay-guided fractionation of a CH(2)Cl(2)-MeOH extract of the aerial parts of Albizia inundata resulted in the isolation of two new natural oleanane-type triterpene saponins {3-O-[α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→6)]-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-glucopyranosyl oleanolic acid (1) and 3-O-[α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→2)-α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→6)]-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-glucopyranosyl acacic acid lactone (2)} along with seven known saponins {3-O-[α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→6)]-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-glucopyranosyl echinocystic acid (3), 3-O-[β-D-xylopyranosyl (l→2)-α-L-arabinopyranosyl(l→6)]-2-acetamido-2-deoxy-β-D-glucopyranosyl acacic acid lactone (concinnoside D) (4), 3-O-[β-D-glucopyranosyl(l→2)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl oleanolic acid (5), 3-O-[α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→2)-α-L-arabinopyranosyl(l→6)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl oleanolic acid (6), 3-O-[β-D-xylopyranosyl(1→2)-α-L-arabinopyranosyl(l→6)]-β-D-glucopyranosyl oleanolic acid (7), 3-O-[α-L-arabinopyranosyl(l→2)-α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→6)-[β-D-glucopyranosyl(l→2)]-β-D-glucopyranoside echinocystic acid (8), and 3-O-[β-D-xylopyranosyl(l→2)-α-L-arabinopyranosyl(1→6)-[β-D-glucopyranosyl(l→2)]-β-D-glucopyranoside echinocystic acid (9)}. The structures of 1 and 2 were established on the basis of extensive 2D NMR ((1)H-(1)H COSY or DQF-COSY, HSQC, HMBC, TOCSY, and HSQC-TOCSY) spectroscopic, ESIMS, and chemical methods. Saponins 1, 3, 6, and 7 showed cytotoxicity against human head and neck squamous cells (JMAR, MDA1986) and melanoma cells (B16F10, SKMEL28) with IC(50) values in the range 1.8-12.4 μM, using the MTS assay.	0
Abstract2class: Phallusialides A-E, Pyrrole-Derived Alkaloids Discovered from a Marine-Derived Micromonospora sp. Bacterium Using MS-Based Metabolomics Approaches Abstract: Integrating MS-based metabolomics approaches, LC-MS-PCA and molecular networking enabled the targeted isolation of five new pyrrole-derived alkaloids, phallusialides A-E (1-5), from a marine-derived Micromonospora sp. bacterium. The structures of 1-5 were elucidated by analysis of their HRMS, MS/MS, and NMR spectroscopic data. The absolute configuration of phallusialide A (1) was determined on the basis of comparisons of experimental and theoretically calculated ECD spectra. Compounds 1 and 2 exhibited antibacterial activity against methicillin resistant S. aureus (MRSA) and E. coli, with MIC values of 32 and 64 μg/mL, respectively, whereas 3-5 showed no antibacterial activity even at 256 μg/mL, yielding important SAR insights for this class of compounds.	0
Abstract2class: Thalassosamide, a Siderophore Discovered from the Marine-Derived Bacterium Thalassospira profundimaris Abstract: Here we describe the rapid identification and prioritization of novel active marine natural products using an improved dereplication strategy. During the course of our screening of marine natural product libraries, a new cyclic trihydroxamate compound, thalassosamide, was discovered from the α-proteobacterium Thalassospira profundimaris. Its structure was determined by 2D NMR and MS/MS experiments, and the absolute configuration of the lysine-derived units was established by Marfey's analysis, whereas that of C-9, 9', and 9″ was determined via the circular dichroism data of the [Rh2(OCOCF3)4] complex and DFT NMR calculations. Thalassosamide showed moderate in vivo efficacy against Pseudomonas aeruginosa.	0
Abstract2class: Allenyl and alkynyl phenyl ethers from the endolichenic fungus Neurospora terricola Abstract: Terricollenes A-C (1-3), new allenyl phenyl ethers, and terricolynes (4-6), new alkynyl phenyl ethers, have been isolated from the crude extract of the endolichenic fungus Neurospora terricola. The structures of these compounds were elucidated primarily by NMR experiments. The absolute configurations of 1 and 2 were determined by reversed-phase HPLC analysis on the o-tolylthiocarbamates of the liberated sugars upon acid hydrolysis, whereas that of 4 was assigned using the modified Mosher method. Compound 1 showed modest cytotoxicity against the human tumor cell lines HeLa and MCF-7.	0
Abstract2class: Semisynthesis and Evaluation of Anti-Inflammatory Activity of the Cassane-Type Diterpenoid Taepeenin F and of Some Synthetic Intermediates Abstract: A new strategy for the semisynthesis of the aromatic cassane-type diterpene taepeenin F (6) is reported. The introduction of the methyl group at C-14, characteristic of the target compound, was achieved via dienone 13, easily prepared from abietic acid (10), the major compound in renewable rosin. Biological assays of selected compounds are reported. The antiproliferative activity against HT29, B16-F10, and HepG2 tumor cell lines has been investigated. Salicylaldehyde 21 was the most active compound (IC50 = 7.72 μM). Products 16 and 21 displayed apoptotic effects in B16-F10 cells, with total apoptosis rates of 46 and 38.4%, respectively. This apoptotic process involves a significant arrest of the B16-F10 cell cycle, blocking the G0/G1 phase. Dienone 16 did not cause any loss of the mitochondrial membrane potential (MMP), while salicylaldehyde 21 caused a partial loss of the MMP. The anti-inflammatory activity of the selected compounds was investigated with the LPS-stimulated RAW 264.7 macrophages. All compounds showed potent NO inhibition, with percentages between 80 and 99% at subcytotoxic concentrations. Dienone 16 inhibited LPS-induced differentiation of RAW 264.7 cells, by increasing the proportion of cells in the S phase. In addition, salicylaldehyde 21 had effects on the cell cycle, recovering the cells from the G0/G1 full arrest produced in response to LPS action.	0
Abstract2class: Planomonospora: A Metabolomics Perspective on an Underexplored Actinobacteria Genus Abstract: Despite an excellent track record, microbial drug discovery suffers from high rates of rediscovery. Better workflows for the rapid investigation of complex extracts are needed to increase throughput and to allow early prioritization of samples. In addition, systematic characterization of poorly explored strains is seldomly performed. Here, we report a metabolomic study of 72 isolates belonging to the rare actinomycete genus Planomonospora, using a workflow of commonly used open access tools to investigate its secondary metabolites. The results reveal a correlation of chemical diversity and strain phylogeny, with classes of metabolites exclusive to certain phylogroups. We were able to identify previously reported Planomonospora metabolites, including the ureylene-containing oligopeptide antipain, the thiopeptide siomycin including new congeners, and the ribosomally synthesized peptides sphaericin and lantibiotic 97518. In addition, we found that Planomonospora strains can produce the siderophore desferrioxamine or a salinichelin-like peptide. Analysis of the genomes of three newly sequenced strains led to the detection of 59 gene cluster families, of which three were connected to products found by LC-MS/MS profiling. This study demonstrates the value of metabolomic studies to investigate poorly explored taxa and provides a first picture of the biosynthetic capabilities of the genus Planomonospora.	0
Abstract2class: Positive GABA(A) receptor modulators from Acorus calamus and structural analysis of (+)-dioxosarcoguaiacol by 1D and 2D NMR and molecular modeling Abstract: In a two-microelectrode voltage clamp with Xenopus laevis oocytes, a petroleum ether extract of Acorus calamus rhizomes enhanced the GABA-induced chloride current through GABA(A) receptors of the α₁β₂γ(2S) subtype by 277% ± 9.7% (100 μg/mL). β-Asarone (1), (+)-dioxosarcoguaiacol (2), (+)-shyobunone (3), and (+)-preisocalamenediol (4) were subsequently identified as main active principles through HPLC-based activity profiling and targeted isolation. The compounds induced maximum potentiation of the chloride current ranging from 588% ± 126% (EC₅₀: 65.3 ± 21.6 μM) (2) to 1200% ± 163% (EC(50): 171.5 ± 34.6 μM) (1), whereas (-)-isoshyobunone (5) and (-)-acorenone (6) exhibited weak GABA(A) modulating properties (5: 164% ± 42.9%; EC₅₀: 109.4 ± 46.6 μM and 6: 241% ± 23.1%; EC₅₀: 34.0 ± 6.7 μM). The relative configuration of 2 was established as 4R*8S*10R* by NOESY experiments and conformational analysis.	0
Abstract2class: HPLC-based activity profiling: discovery of piperine as a positive GABA(A) receptor modulator targeting a benzodiazepine-independent binding site Abstract: A plant extract library was screened for GABA(A) receptor activity making use of a two-microelectrode voltage clamp assay on Xenopus laevis oocytes. An ethyl acetate extract of black pepper fruits [Piper nigrum L. (Piperaceae) 100 microg/mL] potentiated GABA-induced chloride currents through GABA(A) receptors (composed of alpha(1), beta(2), and gamma(2S) subunits) by 169.1 +/- 2.4%. With the aid of an HPLC-based activity profiling approach, piperine (5) was identified as the main active compound, together with 12 structurally related less active or inactive piperamides (1-4, 6-13). Identification was achieved by on-line high-resolution mass spectrometry and off-line microprobe 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy, using only milligram amounts of extract. Compound 5 induced a maximum potentiation of the chloride currents by 301.9 +/- 26.5% with an EC(50) of 52.4 +/- 9.4 microM. A comparison of the modulatory activity of 5 and other naturally occurring piperamides enabled insights into structural features critical for GABA(A) receptor modulation. The stimulation of chloride currents through GABA(A) receptors by compound 5 was not antagonized by flumazenil (10 microM). These data show that piperine (5) represents a new scaffold of positive allosteric GABA(A) receptor modulators targeting a benzodiazepine-independent binding site.	0
Abstract2class: Methylpyrrole tropane alkaloids from the bark of Erythroxylum vacciniifolium Abstract: Nine new tropane alkaloids substituted by a methylpyrrole moiety were isolated from the bark of Erythroxylum vacciniifolium, a Brazilian endemic plant used in traditional medicine and locally known as catuaba. All compounds were elucidated as tropanediol or -triol alkaloids esterified by at least one 1-methyl-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid. One of the isolated compounds was identified as a tropane alkaloid N-oxide. Their structures were determined by high-resolution mass spectrometry and multidimensional NMR spectroscopy.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation, structure elucidation, and iron-binding properties of lystabactins, siderophores isolated from a marine Pseudoalteromonas sp Abstract: The marine bacterium Pseudoalteromonas sp. S2B, isolated from the Gulf of Mexico after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, was found to produce lystabactins A, B, and C (1-3), three new siderophores. The structures were elucidated through mass spectrometry, amino acid analysis, and NMR. The lystabactins are composed of serine (Ser), asparagine (Asn), two formylated/hydroxylated ornithines (FOHOrn), dihydroxy benzoic acid (Dhb), and a very unusual nonproteinogenic amino acid, 4,8-diamino-3-hydroxyoctanoic acid (LySta). The iron-binding properties of the compounds were investigated through a spectrophotometric competition.	0
Abstract2class: Secoiridoids and Iridoids from Morinda asteroscepa Abstract: The new 2,3-secoiridoids morisecoiridoic acids A (1) and B (2), the new iridoid 8-acetoxyepishanzilactone (3), and four additional known iridoids (4-7) were isolated from the leaf and stem bark methanol extracts of Morinda asteroscepa using chromatographic methods. The structure of shanzilactone (4) was revised. The purified metabolites were identified using NMR spectroscopic and mass spectrometric techniques, with the absolute configuration of 1 having been established by single-crystal X-ray diffraction analysis. The crude leaf extract (10 μg/mL) and compounds 1-3 and 5 (10 μM) showed mild antiplasmodial activities against the chloroquine-sensitive malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum (3D7).	0
Abstract2class: Cyclic depsipeptides, ichthyopeptins A and B, from Microcystis ichthyoblabe Abstract: Bioassay-guided isolation of antiviral compounds from the cultured cyanobacterium Microcystis ichthyoblabe provided two novel cyclic depsipeptides, ichthyopeptins A (1) and B (2). Their structures were determined by 1D (1H and 13C) and 2D (COSY, TOCSY, ROESY, HMQC, and HMBC) NMR spectra, ESIMS-MS, and amino acid analysis. The fraction containing both cyclic depsipeptides exhibited antiviral activity against influenza A virus with an IC50 value of 12.5 microg/mL.	0
Abstract2class: Farnesides A and B, sesquiterpenoid nucleoside ethers from a marine-derived Streptomyces sp., strain CNT-372 from Fiji Abstract: Farnesides A and B (1, 2), linear sesquiterpenoids connected by ether links to a ribose dihydrouracil nucleoside, were isolated from a marine-derived Streptomyces sp., strain CNT-372, grown in saline liquid culture. The structures of the new compounds were assigned by comprehensive spectroscopic analysis primarily involving 1D and 2D NMR analysis and by comparison of spectroscopic data to the recently reported ribose nucleoside JBIR-68 (3). The farnesides are only the second example of this exceedingly rare class of microbial terpenoid nucleoside metabolites. Farneside A (1) was found to have modest antimalarial activity against the parasite Plasmodium falciparum.	0
Abstract2class: The DESIGNER Approach Helps Decipher the Hypoglycemic Bioactive Principles of Artemisia dracunculus (Russian Tarragon) Abstract: Complementing classical drug discovery, phytochemicals act on multiple pharmacological targets, especially in botanical extracts, where they form complex bioactive mixtures. The reductionist approach used in bioactivity-guided fractionation to identify single bioactive phytochemicals is inadequate for capturing the full therapeutic potential of the (bio)chemical interactions present in such complex mixtures. This study used a DESIGNER (Deplete and Enrich Select Ingredients to Generate Normalized Extract Resources) approach to selectively remove the known bioactives, 4'-O-methyldavidigenin (1; 4,2'-dihydroxy-4'-methoxydihydrochalcone, syn. DMC-1) and its isomer 4-O-methyldavidigenin (2; syn. DMC-2), from the mixture of phytochemicals in an ethanol extract from Artemisia dracunculus to determine to what degree the more abundant 2 accounts for the established antidiabetic effect of the A. dracunculus extract. Using an otherwise chemically intact "knock-out extract" depleted in 2 and its regioisomer, 1, in vitro and in vivo outcomes confirmed that 2 (and likely 1) acts as major bioactive(s) that enhance(s) insulin signaling in skeletal muscle, but also revealed that 2 does not account for the breadth of detectable biological activity of the extract. This is the first report of generating, at a sufficiently large preparative scale, a "knock-out extract" used as a pharmacological tool for in vitro and in vivo studies to dissect the biological impact of a designated bioactive in a complex phytochemical mixture.	0
Abstract2class: Spirohexenolide A targets human macrophage migration inhibitory factor (hMIF) Abstract: Spirohexenolides A and B comprise a unique family of spirotetronate natural products. We report on the identification of their binding to and modulation of human macrophage migration inhibitor factor (hMIF). Using an immunoaffinity-fluorescent labeling method, the properties of this interaction are detailed and evidence is provided that hMIF plays a key role in the cytostatic activity of the spirohexenolides.	0
Abstract2class: Structurally Diverse Metabolites from the Soft Coral Sinularia verruca Collected in the South China Sea Abstract: Nineteen metabolites with diverse structures, including the rare pyrroloindoline alkaloid verrupyrroloindoline (1), the unprecedented highly fused benzosesquiterpenoid verrubenzospirolactone (2), the new asteriscane-type sesquiterpenoid 10-deoxocapillosanane D (3), and the two new cyclopentenone derivatives (4S*,5S*)-4-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2,3-dimethyl-4-pentylcyclopent-2-en-1-one (4) and (S)-4-hydroxy-5-methylene-2,3-dimethyl-4-pentylcyclopent-2-en-1-one (5), were isolated from a South China Sea collection of the soft coral Sinularia verruca. Eleven previously described marine metabolites (7-15, 18, and 19) were also obtained as well as three new EtOH-adduct artifacts (6, 16, and 17). The structures of the new compounds were elucidated by extensive spectroscopic analysis and by comparison with previously reported data. Compounds 4, 5, and 16 showed protection against the cytopathic effects of HIV-1 infection with EC50 values of 5.8-34 μM, and 4, 6, and 16 exhibited inhibition against LPS-induced NO production with IC50 values of 24-28 μM.	0
Abstract2class: Indazole-type alkaloids from Nigella sativa seeds exhibit antihyperglycemic effects via AMPK activation in vitro Abstract: Six rare naturally occurring indazole-type alkaloids including two new compounds, 17-O-(β-d-glucopyranosyl)-4-O-methylnigellidine (1) and nigelanoid (2), and four known compounds (3-6) were isolated from a defatted extract of Nigella sativa (black cumin) seeds. 17-O-(β-d-Glucopyranosyl)-4-O-methylnigellidine (1) increased glucose consumption by liver hepatocytes (HepG2 cells) through activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK). Also, this is the first report of compounds 4 and 6 from a natural source.	0
Abstract2class: Antiproliferative prenylated stilbenes and flavonoids from Macaranga alnifolia from the Madagascar rainforest Abstract: Bioassay-guided fractionation of an extract of the fruit of Macaranga alnifolia from Madagascar led to the isolation of four new prenylated stilbenes, schweinfurthins E-H (1-4), and one new geranylated dihydroflavonol, alnifoliol (5). The known prenylated stilbene vedelianin (6) and the known geranylated flavonoids bonanniol A (7), diplacol (8), bonannione A (9), and diplacone (10) were also isolated. All 10 compounds were tested for antiproliferative activity in the A2780 human ovarian cancer cell line assay. Vedelianin (IC50 = 0.13 microM) exhibited the greatest activity among all isolates, while schweinfurthin E (IC50 = 0.26 microM) was the most potent of the new compounds.	0
Abstract2class: Enduracidin analogues with altered halogenation patterns produced by genetically engineered strains of Streptomyces fungicidicus Abstract: Enduracidins (1, 2) and ramoplanin (3) are structurally and functionally closely related lipodepsipeptide antibiotics. They are active against multi-drug-resistant Gram-positive pathogens, including MRSA. Each peptide contains one chlorinated non-proteinogenic amino acid residue, Cl(2)-Hpg or Cl-Hpg. To investigate the timing of halogenation and the importance of chlorination on bioactivity and bioavailability of enduracidin, and to probe the substrate specificity and portability of the ramoplanin halogenase, we constructed the mutant strain SfDelta30 in which the enduracidin halogenase gene orf30 had been deleted and complemented it with the ramoplanin counterpart orf20. We also expressed orf20 in the enduracidin wild-type producer. Metabolite analysis revealed SfDelta30 produced the novel analogues dideschloroenduracidins A (4) and B (5), while the recombinant strains SfDelta30R20 and SfR20 produced monodeschloroenduracidins A (6) and B (7) and a trichlorinated enduracidin (8), respectively. In addition, orf30 self-complementation yielded the strain SfDelta30E30, which is capable of producing six peptides including 6 and 7. MS/MS analysis positioned the single chlorine atom in 6 at Hpg(13) and localized the third chlorine atom in 8 to Hpg(11). Biological evaluation of these enduracidin analogues indicated that all retained activity against Staphylococcus aureus. Our findings lay the foundation for further utilization of enduracidin and ramoplanin halogenases in combinatorial biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Caelestines A-D, brominated quinolinecarboxylic acids from the Australian ascidian Aplidium caelestis Abstract: Four new brominated natural products, caelestines A-D (1-4), have been isolated from the Australian ascidian Aplidium caelestis. The structures of 1-4 were determined by analysis of their NMR and MS data. This is the first report of brominated quinolinecarboxylic acids from nature. Compound 1 has been previously synthesized but not spectroscopically characterized. Compounds 1-4 were tested against three mammalian cell lines (MCF-7, NFF, and MM96L) and a panel of microbial strains and showed only minor cytotoxicity.	0
Abstract2class: Semisynthesis and Kappa-Opioid Receptor Activity of Derivatives of Columbin, a Furanolactone Diterpene Abstract: Columbin (1) is a furanolactone diterpene isolated from the roots of Jateorhiza and Tinospora species. These species generally grow in Asia and Africa and have been used in folk medicine for their apparent analgesic and antipyretic activities. Columbin (1) is of particular interest due to its structural similarity to the known kappa-opioid receptor (KOR) agonist salvinorin A. Given that the KOR is of interest in the study of many serious diseases, such as anxiety, depression, and drug addiction, obtaining natural or semisynthetic molecules with KOR activity recently has gained much interest. For this reason, in the present study, derivatives of 1 were designed and synthesized using known structure-activity relationships of salvinorin A at KORs. The structures of the columbin analogues prepared were elucidated by NMR spectroscopy and mass spectroscopy, and their KOR activity was investigated in vitro by inhibition of forskolin-induced cAMP accumulation. Slight improvements in KOR activity were observed in columbin derivatives over their parent compound. However, despite the structural similarities to salvinorin A, neither columbin (1) nor its derivatives were potent KOR ligands. This work represents not only the first evaluation of columbin (1) at the KOR but also one of the first works to explore synthetic strategies that are tolerated on the columbin core.	0
Abstract2class: Triterpenes from Pholiota populnea as Cytotoxic Agents and Chemosensitizers to Overcome Multidrug Resistance of Cancer Cells Abstract: The detailed mycochemical analysis of the n-hexane extract of Pholiota populnea led to the isolation of four new lanostane diesters, named pholiols A-D (1-4), together with an acyclic triterpene, (3S,6E,10E,14E,18E,22S)-2,3,22,23-tetrahydroxy-2,6,10,15,19,23-hexamethyl-6,10,14,18-tetracosatetraene (5), ergosterol (6), and 3β-hydroxyergosta-7,22-diene (7). The isolation was carried out by multistep flash chromatography, and the structures were elucidated using extensive spectroscopic analyses, including 1D and 2D NMR and MS measurements. The isolated metabolites (1-6) were investigated for cytotoxic activity against Colo205 and Colo320 colon adenocarcinoma and nontumoral MRC-5 cell lines. Among the tested compounds, ergosterol (6) showed substantial cytotoxic activity against all cell lines with IC50 values of 4.9 μM (Colo 205), 6.5 μM (Colo 320), and 0.50 μM (MRC) with no tumor cell selectivity. A P-glycoprotein efflux pump modulatory test on resistant Colo320 cells revealed that pholiols A (1) and B (2) and linear triterpene polyol 5 have the capacity to inhibit the efflux-pump overexpressed in the cells. Moreover, the drug interactions of triterpenes with doxorubicin were studied by the checkerboard method on Colo 320 cells. Pholiols B (2) and D (4) interacted in synergistic and acyclic triterpene 5 in a very strong synergistic manner; the combination index (CI) values at 50% of the growth inhibition dose (ED50) were found to be 0.348, 0.660, and 0.082, respectively. Our results indicate that P. populnea is a promising source for finding new triterpenes with significant chemosensitizing activity on cancer cells.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of Alternative Producers of the Enediyne Antitumor Antibiotic C-1027 with High Titers Abstract: The potent cytotoxicity and unique mode of action make the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027 an exquisite drug candidate for anticancer chemotherapy. However, clinical development of C-1027 has been hampered by its low titer from the original producer Streptomyces globisporus C-1027. Here we report three new C-1027 alternative producers, Streptomyces sp. CB00657, CB02329, and CB03608, from The Scripps Research Institute actinomycetes strain collection. Together with the previously disclosed Streptomyces sp. CB02366 strain, four C-1027 alternative producers with C-1027 titers of up to 11-fold higher than the original producer have been discovered. The five C-1027 producers, isolated from distant geographic locations, are distinct Streptomyces strains based on morphology and taxonomy. Pulsed-field gel electrophoresis and Southern analysis of the five C-1027 producers reveal that their C-1027 biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) are all located on giant plasmids of varying sizes. The high nucleotide sequence similarity among the five C-1027 BGCs implies that they most likely have evolved from a common ancestor.	0
Abstract2class: Macrophilones from the Marine Hydroid Macrorhynchia philippina Can Inhibit ERK Cascade Signaling Abstract: Six new macrophilone-type pyrroloiminoquines were isolated and identified from an extract of the marine hydroid Macrorhynchia philippina. The proton-deficient and heteroatom-rich structures of macrophilones B-G (2-7) were elucidated by spectroscopic analysis and comparison of their data with those of the previously reported metabolite macrophilone A (1). Compounds 1-7 are the first pyrroloiminoquines to be reported from a hydroid. The macrophilones were shown to inhibit the enzymatic conjugation of SUMO to peptide substrates, and macrophilones A (1) and C (3) exhibit potent and selective cytotoxic properties in the NCI-60 anticancer screen. Bioinformatic analysis revealed a close association of the cytotoxicity profiles of 1 and 3 with two known B-Raf kinase inhibitory drugs. While compounds 1 and 3 showed no kinase inhibitory activity, they resulted in a dramatic decrease in cellular protein levels of selected components of the ERK signal cascade. As such, the chemical scaffold of the macrophilones could provide small-molecule therapeutic leads that target the ERK signal transduction pathway.	0
Abstract2class: Stelleralides D-J and Anti-HIV Daphnane Diterpenes from Stellera chamaejasme Abstract: Bioassay-guided fractionation of a petroleum ether extract of the roots of Stellera chamaejasme led to the isolation of seven new (stelleralides D-J, 1-7) and 12 known (8-19) daphnane diterpenoids. The structures and relative configurations of 1-7 were established on the basis of extensive spectroscopic analysis, including HRESIMS and comprehensive NMR techniques. All isolates were evaluated for anti-HIV activity in MT4 cells. All compounds tested, except 2, showed anti-HIV activity, and, especially, five 1α-alkyldaphnane diterpenoids (3, 4, 5, 10, and 11) exhibited extremely potent anti-HIV activity, with EC50 values of 0.06-1.1 nM and selectivity index values of more than 10,000.	0
Abstract2class: Structure-Activity Relationships for the Marine Natural Product Sintokamides: Androgen Receptor N-Terminus Antagonists of Interest for Treatment of Metastatic Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer Abstract: Synthetic analogues of the marine natural product sintokamides have been prepared in order to investigate the structure-activity relationships for the androgen receptor N-terminal domain (AR NTD) antagonist activity of the sintokamide scaffold. An in vitro LNCaP cell-based transcriptional activity assay with an androgen-driven luciferase (Luc) reporter was used to monitor the potency of analogues. The data have shown that the chlorine atoms on the leucine side chains are essential for potent activity. Analogues missing the nonchlorinated methyl groups of the leucine side chains (C-1 and C-17) are just as active and in some cases more active than the natural products. Analogues with the natural R configuration at C-10 and the unnatural R configuration at C-4 are most potent. Replacing the natural propionamide N-terminus cap with the more sterically hindered pivaloylamide N-terminus cap leads to enhanced potency. The tetramic acid fragment and the methyl ether on the tetramic acid fragment are essential for activity. The SAR optimized analogue 76 is more selective, easier to synthesize, more potent, and presumed to be more resistant to proteolysis than the natural sintokamides.	0
Abstract2class: UPLC-MS-ELSD-PDA as a powerful dereplication tool to facilitate compound identification from small-molecule natural product libraries Abstract: The generation of natural product libraries containing column fractions, each with only a few small molecules, using a high-throughput, automated fractionation system, has made it possible to implement an improved dereplication strategy for selection and prioritization of leads in a natural product discovery program. Analysis of databased UPLC-MS-ELSD-PDA information of three leads from a biological screen employing the ependymoma cell line EphB2-EPD generated details on the possible structures of active compounds present. The procedure allows the rapid identification of known compounds and guides the isolation of unknown compounds of interest. Three previously known flavanone-type compounds, homoeriodictyol (1), hesperetin (2), and sterubin (3), were identified in a selected fraction derived from the leaves of Eriodictyon angustifolium. The lignan compound deoxypodophyllotoxin (8) was confirmed to be an active constituent in two lead fractions derived from the bark and leaves of Thuja occidentalis. In addition, two new but inactive labdane-type diterpenoids with an uncommon triol side chain were also identified as coexisting with deoxypodophyllotoxin in a lead fraction from the bark of T. occidentalis. Both diterpenoids were isolated in acetylated form, and their structures were determined as 14S,15-diacetoxy-13R-hydroxylabd-8(17)-en-19-oic acid (9) and 14R,15-diacetoxy-13S-hydroxylabd-8(17)-en-19-oic acid (10), respectively, by spectroscopic data interpretation and X-ray crystallography. This work demonstrates that a UPLC-MS-ELSD-PDA database produced during fractionation may be used as a powerful dereplication tool to facilitate compound identification from chromatographically tractable small-molecule natural product libraries.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of Koumine on Adjuvant- and Collagen-Induced Arthritis in Rats Abstract: To examine the effect of koumine, a Gelsemium alkaloid, on two experimental models of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), rats with adjuvant-induced arthritis (AIA) and collagen-induced arthritis (CIA) were administered koumine (0.6, 3, or 15 mg/kg/day) or vehicle through gastric gavage (i.g.). Clinical evaluation was performed via measurements of hind paw volume, arthritis index (AI) score, mechanical withdrawal threshold, organ weight, and by radiographic and histological examinations. Levels of interleukin (IL)-1β, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, and antitype II collagen (CII) antibody were also examined. In rats with AIA, koumine reduced the AI score and mechanical allodynia of the injected hind paw in a dose-dependent manner and significantly inhibited increase in thymus and liver weights. In rats with CIA, koumine inhibited increase in hind paw volume, AI score, and mechanical allodynia in a dose-dependent manner and reduced joint space narrowing. Furthermore, koumine also attenuated the increase in the expression of IL-1β and TNF-α, as well as the robust increase of serum anti-CII antibodies in response to immunization. These results suggested that koumine effectively attenuated arthritis progression in two rat models of RA and that this therapeutic effect may be associated with its immunoregulatory action.	0
Abstract2class: Bioactive compounds from the fern Lepisorus contortus Abstract: Phytochemical investigation of the whole plant of Lepisorus contortus (Christ) Ching led to the isolation of five new phenylethanoid glycosides (1-5), each containing a caffeoyl group, a new flavonoid glycoside (10), and 14 known compounds (6-9 and 11-15, syringic acid, vanillic acid, phloretic acid, diplopterol, and β-sitosterol). This is the first report of phenylethanoid glycosides from the family Polypodiaceae. Compounds 1-15 were evaluated for their cancer chemopreventive potential based on their ability to inhibit tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α)-induced NF-κB activity, nitric oxide (NO) production, and aromatase, quinone reductase 2 (QR-2), and COX-1/-2 activities. Quercetin-3-O-β-d-glucoside (15) demonstrated inhibition against QR2 with an IC(50) value of 3.84 μM, which confirmed kaempferol/quercetin glycosides as the active compounds to inhibit QR2. The compound also demonstrated NF-κB activity with an IC(50) value of 33.6 μM. In addition, compounds 1, 2, 4, and 6 showed aromatase activity with IC(50) values of 30.7, 32.3, 26.8, and 35.3 μM, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular networking as a dereplication strategy Abstract: A major goal in natural product discovery programs is to rapidly dereplicate known entities from complex biological extracts. We demonstrate here that molecular networking, an approach that organizes MS/MS data based on chemical similarity, is a powerful complement to traditional dereplication strategies. Successful dereplication with molecular networks requires MS/MS spectra of the natural product mixture along with MS/MS spectra of known standards, synthetic compounds, or well-characterized organisms, preferably organized into robust databases. This approach can accommodate different ionization platforms, enabling cross correlations of MS/MS data from ambient ionization, direct infusion, and LC-based methods. Molecular networking not only dereplicates known molecules from complex mixtures, it also captures related analogues, a challenge for many other dereplication strategies. To illustrate its utility as a dereplication tool, we apply mass spectrometry-based molecular networking to a diverse array of marine and terrestrial microbial samples, illustrating the dereplication of 58 molecules including analogues.	0
Abstract2class: Antimicrobial metabolites from the Paracel Islands sponge Agelas mauritiana Abstract: Four new alkaloids, (-)-8'-oxo-agelasine D (2), ageloxime B (3), (+)-2-oxo-agelasidine C (4), and 4-bromo-N-(butoxymethyl)-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxamide (5), and the known compound (-)-ageloxime D (1) were isolated from the marine sponge Agelas mauritiana. Their chemical structures were established on the basis of spectroscopic analysis. Compounds 1 and 3 both showed antifungal activity against Cryptococcus neoformans and antileishmanial activity against Leishmania donovani in vitro. Compound 3 also exhibited antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-resistant S. aureusin vitro.	0
Abstract2class: Taxol Analogues Exhibit Differential Effects on Photoaffinity Labeling of β-Tubulin and the Multidrug Resistance Associated P-Glycoprotein Abstract: Several next-generation taxanes have been reported to possess high potency against Taxol-resistant cancer cell lines overexpressing βIII-tubulin and/or P-glycoprotein (P-gp), both of which are involved in drug resistance. Using a photoaffinity Taxol analogue, 2-( m-azidobenzoyl)taxol, two potent next-generation taxanes, SB-T-1214 and SB-CST-10202, exhibited distinct inhibitory effects on photolabeling of β-tubulin from different eukaryotic sources that differ in β-tubulin isotype composition. They also specifically inhibited photolabeling of P-gp, and the inhibitory effect correlated well with the steady-state accumulation of [3H]vinblastine in a multidrug resistant (MDR) cell line, SKVLB1. Several microtubule-stabilizing agents (MSAs)-resistant cell lines from the human ovarian cancer cell line Hey were isolated, and their MDR1 and βIII-tubulin levels determined. Distinct potencies of the two taxanes against different MSA-resistant cells expressing unique levels of MDR1 and βIII-tubulin were found. Cytotoxicity assays, done in the presence of verapamil, indicated that SB-T-1214 is a substrate, although not as good as Taxol, for P-gp. The mechanisms involved in drug resistance are multifactorial, and the effectiveness of new Taxol analogues depends on the interaction between the drugs and all possible targets; in this case the two major cellular targets are β-tubulin and P-gp.	0
Abstract2class: Withanolides from Aeroponically Grown Physalis peruviana and Their Selective Cytotoxicity to Prostate Cancer and Renal Carcinoma Cells Abstract: Investigation of aeroponically grown Physalis peruviana resulted in the isolation of 11 new withanolides, including perulactones I-L (1-4), 17-deoxy-23β-hydroxywithanolide E (5), 23β-hydroxywithanolide E (6), 4-deoxyphyperunolide A (7), 7β-hydroxywithanolide F (8), 7β-hydroxy-17-epi-withanolide K (9), 24,25-dihydro-23β,28-dihydroxywithanolide G (10), and 24,25-dihydrowithanolide E (11), together with 14 known withanolides (12-25). The structures of 1-11 were elucidated by the analysis of their spectroscopic data, and 12-25 were identified by comparison of their spectroscopic data with those reported. All withanolides were evaluated for their cytotoxic activity against a panel of tumor cell lines including LNCaP (androgen-sensitive human prostate adenocarcinoma), 22Rv1 (androgen-resistant human prostate adenocarcinoma), ACHN (human renal adenocarcinoma), M14 (human melanoma), SK-MEL-28 (human melanoma), and normal human foreskin fibroblast cells. Of these, the 17β-hydroxywithanolides (17-BHWs) 6, 8, 9, 11-13, 15, and 19-22 showed selective cytotoxic activity against the two prostate cancer cell lines LNCaP and 22Rv1, whereas 13 and 20 exhibited selective toxicity for the ACHN renal carcinoma cell line. These cytotoxicity data provide additional structure-activity relationship information for the 17-BHWs.	0
Abstract2class: Secoemestrin D, a cytotoxic epitetrathiodioxopiperizine, and emericellenes A-E, five sesterterpenoids from Emericella sp. AST0036, a fungal endophyte of Astragalus lentiginosus1 Abstract: A new epitetrathiodioxopiperizine, secoemestrin D (1), and five sesterterpenoids bearing a new carbon skeleton, emericellenes A-E (2-6), together with previously known fungal metabolites, sterigmatocystin (7), arugosin C (8), and epiisoshamixanthone (9), were obtained from the endophytic fungal strain Emericella sp. AST0036 isolated from a healthy leaf tissue of Astragalus lentiginosus. The planar structures and relative configurations of the new metabolites 1-6 were elucidated using MS and 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopic data. All compounds were evaluated for their potential anticancer activity using a panel of six tumor cell lines and normal human fibroblast cells. Only metabolites 1 and 7 showed cytotoxic activity. More importantly, secoemestrin D (1) exhibited significant cytotoxicity with IC50 values ranging from 0.06 to 0.24 μM and moderate selectivity to human glioma (SF-268) and metastatic breast adenocarcinoma (MDA-MB-231) cell lines.	0
Abstract2class: Verbesinosides A-F, 15,27-cyclooleanane saponins from the American native plant Verbesina virginica Abstract: Verbesinosides A-F (1-6), six new 15,27-cyclooleanane-type triterpenoid saponins carrying different aromatic acyl moieties on the aglycon, were isolated from the leaves and flowers of Verbesina virginica. Their structures were established by interpretation of spectroscopic data and chemical methods. The representative major saponin, verbesinoside A (1), has the structure 21-trimethoxybenzoyl 15alpha,27-cycloolean-12-en-3beta,21beta-diol-28-oic acid 3-O-beta-D-xylopyranosyl(1-->4)-beta-D-xylopyranosyl(1-->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside. This is the first report of triterpenoid saponins possessing the unique 15,27-cyclooleanane skeleton. The anisotropic effects of the aromatic acyl moieties on the triterpenoid skeleton are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Steroidal saponins from fresh stems of Dracaena angustifolia Abstract: Six new steroidal saponins (1-6), angudracanosides A-F, were isolated from fresh stems of Dracaena angustifolia, together with eight known compounds. The structures of compounds 1-6 were determined by detailed spectroscopic analyses and chemical methods. Antifungal testing of all compounds showed that 6 and 7 were active against Cryptococcus neoformans with IC(50)s of 9.5 and 20.0 μg/mL, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Probing Labdane-Related Diterpenoid Biosynthesis in the Fungal Genus Aspergillus Abstract: While terpenoid production is generally associated with plants, a variety of fungi contain operons predicted to lead to such biosynthesis. Notably, fungi contain a number of cyclases characteristic of labdane-related diterpenoid metabolism, which have not been much explored. These also are often found near cytochrome P450 (CYP) mono-oxygenases that presumably further decorate the ensuing diterpene, suggesting that these fungi might produce more elaborate diterpenoids. To probe the functional diversity of such biosynthetic capacity, an investigation of the phylogenetically diverse cyclases and associated CYPs from the fungal genus Aspergillus was undertaken, revealing their ability to produce isopimaradiene-derived diterpenoids. Intriguingly, labdane-related diterpenoid biosynthetic genes are largely found in plant-associated fungi, hinting that these natural products may play a role in such interactions. Accordingly, it is hypothesized here that isopimarane production may assist the plant-saprophytic lifestyle of Aspergillus fungi.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of an orphan diterpenoid biosynthetic operon from Salinispora arenicola Abstract: While more commonly associated with plants than microbes, diterpenoid natural products have been reported to have profound effects in marine microbe-microbe interactions. Intriguingly, the genome of the marine bacterium Salinispora arenicola CNS-205 contains a putative diterpenoid biosynthetic operon, terp1. Here recombinant expression studies are reported, indicating that this three-gene operon leads to the production of isopimara-8,15-dien-19-ol (4). Although 4 is not observed in pure cultures of S. arenicola, it is plausible that the terp1 operon is only expressed under certain physiologically relevant conditions such as in the presence of other marine organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Antifungal and Cytotoxic β-Resorcylic Acid Lactones from a Paecilomyces Species Abstract: Eight new β-resorcylic acid lactones (RALs), including the hypothemycin-type compounds paecilomycins N-P (1-3) and the radicicol-type metabolites dechloropochonin I (4), monocillins VI (5) and VII (6), 4'-hydroxymonocillin IV (7), and 4'-methoxymonocillin IV (8), along with nine known RALs (9-17), were isolated from the cultures of Paecilomyces sp. SC0924. Compounds 1 and 2 feature a novel 6/11/5 ring system, and 3 is the first 5'-keto RAL. The structures of 1-8 were elucidated on the basis of extensive spectroscopic analysis, X-ray diffraction analysis, and theoretical calculations of ECD spectra. Compounds 3, 5, and 6 exhibit cytotoxicity against MCF-7, A549, and HeLa cells, and compounds 5 and 7 display antifungal activity against Peronophythora litchii.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic analysis of the validamycin glycosyltransferase (ValG) and enzymatic production of 4''-epi-validamycin A Abstract: ValG is a glycosyltransferase (GT) that is responsible for the glucosylation of validoxylamine A to validamycin A. To explore the potential utilization of ValG as a tool for the production of validamycin analogues, a number of nucleotidyldiphosphate-sugars were evaluated as alternative substrates for ValG. The results indicated that in addition to its natural substrate, UDP-glucose, ValG also efficiently utilized UDP-galactose as sugar donor and resulted in the production of an unnatural compound, 4''-epi-validamycin A. The new compound demonstrated a moderate growth inhibitory activity against the plant fungal pathogen Rhizoctonia solani (= Pellicularia sasakii). A comparative analysis of ValG with its homologous proteins revealed that ValG contains an unusual DTG motif, in place of the DXD motif proposed for metal ion binding and/or NDP-sugar binding and commonly found in other glycosyltransferases. Site-directed mutagenesis of the DTG motif of ValG to DCD altered its preferences for metal ion binding, but did not seem to affect its substrate specificity.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthetic potential-based strain prioritization for natural product discovery: a showcase for diterpenoid-producing actinomycetes Abstract: Natural products remain the best sources of drugs and drug leads and serve as outstanding small-molecule probes to dissect fundamental biological processes. A great challenge for the natural product community is to discover novel natural products efficiently and cost effectively. Here we report the development of a practical method to survey biosynthetic potential in microorganisms, thereby identifying the most promising strains and prioritizing them for natural product discovery. Central to our approach is the innovative preparation, by a two-tiered PCR method, of a pool of pathway-specific probes, thereby allowing the survey of all variants of the biosynthetic machineries for the targeted class of natural products. The utility of the method was demonstrated by surveying 100 strains, randomly selected from our actinomycete collection, for their biosynthetic potential of four classes of natural products, aromatic polyketides, reduced polyketides, nonribosomal peptides, and diterpenoids, identifying 16 talented strains. One of the talented strains, Streptomyces griseus CB00830, was finally chosen to showcase the discovery of the targeted classes of natural products, resulting in the isolation of three diterpenoids, six nonribosomal peptides and related metabolites, and three polyketides. Variations of this method should be applicable to the discovery of other classes of natural products.	0
Abstract2class: In Vivo Profiling of a Natural Alkaloid, Anatabine, in Rodents: Pharmacokinetics and Anti-Inflammatory Efficacy Abstract: Natural alkaloids, a large class of plant-derived substances, have attracted considerable interest because of their pharmacological activities. In this study, the in vivo pharmacokinetics and anti-inflammatory profile of anatabine, a naturally occurring alkaloid, were characterized in rodents. Anatabine was found to be bioavailable and brain-penetrant following systemic administration. Following intraperitoneal (i.p.) administration (1, 2, and 5 mg/kg), anatabine caused a dose-dependent reduction in carrageenan-induced paw edema in rats; in mice, it inhibited the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines and simultaneously elevated the levels of an anti-inflammatory cytokine in a dose-dependent manner 2 h after lipopolysaccharide challenge. Furthermore, anatabine (∼10 and ∼20 mg/kg/day for 4 weeks; inhalation exposure) had effects in a murine model of multiple sclerosis, reducing neurological deficits and bodyweight loss. Comparative studies of the pharmacokinetics and anti-inflammatory activity of anatabine demonstrated its bioequivalence in rats following i.p. administration and inhalation exposure. This study not only provides the first detailed profile of anatabine pharmacokinetics in rodents but also comprehensively characterizes the anti-inflammatory activities of anatabine in acute and chronic inflammatory models. These findings provide a basis for further characterizing and optimizing the anti-inflammatory properties of anatabine.	0
Abstract2class: Peptidolipins B-F, antibacterial lipopeptides from an ascidian-derived Nocardia sp Abstract: A marine Nocardia sp. isolated from the ascidian Trididemnum orbiculatum was found to produce five new lipopeptides, peptidolipins B-F (1-5), which show distinct similarities to the previously reported L-Val(6) analog of peptidolipin NA. Synthetic modification of peptidolipin E (4) was used to determine the location of an olefin within the lipid chain. The advanced Marfey's method was used to determine the absolute configurations of the amino acids. Peptidolipins B (1) and E (4) demonstrated moderate antibacterial activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus.	0
Abstract2class: Englerins: A Comprehensive Review Abstract: In the decade since the discovery of englerin A (1) and its potent activity in cancer models, this natural product and its analogues have been the subject of numerous chemical, biological, and preclinical studies by many research groups. This review summarizes published findings and proposes further research directions required for entry of an englerin analogue into clinical trials for kidney cancer and other conditions.	0
Abstract2class: Camphoratins A-J, potent cytotoxic and anti-inflammatory triterpenoids from the fruiting body of Taiwanofungus camphoratus Abstract: Ten new triterpenoids, camphoratins A-J (1-10), along with 12 known compounds were isolated from the fruiting body of Taiwanofungus camphoratus. Their structures were established by spectroscopic analysis and chemical methods. Compound 10 is the first example of a naturally occurring ergosteroid with an unusual cis-C/D ring junction. Compounds 2-6 and 11 showed moderate to potent cytotoxicity, with EC(50) values ranging from 0.3 to 3 μM against KB and KB-VIN human cancer cell lines. Compounds 6, 10, 11, 14-16, 18, and 21 exhibited anti-inflammatory NO-production inhibition activity with IC(50) values of less than 5 μM, and were more potent than the nonspecific NOS inhibitor N(ω)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester.	0
Abstract2class: Labdane diterpenoids from Leonurus sibiricus Abstract: Six new labdane diterpenoids, preleosibirone A (1), 13-epi-preleosibirone A (2), isopreleosibirone A (3), leosibirone A (4), leosibirone B (5), and 15-epi-leosibirone B (6), were isolated from the leaves of Leonurus sibiricus. The absolute configurations of 1, 2, 5, and 6 were established by X-ray crystallographic analyses, and leosibirone A (4) was shown to be an artifact of the isolation process.	0
Abstract2class: Licochalcone A Selectively Resensitizes ABCG2-Overexpressing Multidrug-Resistant Cancer Cells to Chemotherapeutic Drugs Abstract: The overexpression of the ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter ABCG2 has been linked to clinical multidrug resistance in solid tumors and blood cancers, which remains a significant obstacle to successful cancer chemotherapy. For years, the potential modulatory effect of bioactive compounds derived from natural sources on ABCG2-mediated multidrug resistance has been investigated, as they are inherently well tolerated and offer a broad range of chemical scaffolds. Licochalcone A (LCA), a natural chalcone isolated from the root of Glycyrrhiza inflata, is known to possess a broad spectrum of biological and pharmacological activities, including pro-apoptotic and antiproliferative effects in various cancer cell lines. In this study, the chemosensitization effect of LCA was examined in ABCG2-overexpressing multidrug-resistant cancer cells. Experimental data demonstrated that LCA inhibits the drug transport function of ABCG2 and reverses ABCG2-mediated multidrug resistance in human multidrug-resistant cancer cell lines in a concentration-dependent manner. Results of LCA-stimulated ABCG2 ATPase activity and the in silico docking analysis of LCA to the inward-open conformation of human ABCG2 suggest that LCA binds ABCG2 in the transmembrane substrate-binding pocket. This study provides evidence that LCA should be further evaluated as a modulator of ABCG2 in drug combination therapy trials against ABCG2-expressing drug-resistant tumors.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of C-Glycosylpyranonaphthoquinones in Streptomyces sp. MBT76 by a Combined NMR-Based Metabolomics and Bioinformatics Workflow Abstract: Mining of microbial genomes has revealed that actinomycetes harbor far more biosynthetic potential for bioactive natural products than anticipated. Activation of (cryptic) biosynthetic gene clusters and identification of the corresponding metabolites has become a focal point for drug discovery. Here, we applied NMR-based metabolomics combined with bioinformatics to identify novel C-glycosylpyranonaphthoquinones in Streptomyces sp. MBT76 and to elucidate the biosynthetic pathway. Following activation of the cryptic qin gene cluster for a type II polyketide synthase (PKS) by constitutive expression of its pathway-specific activator, bioinformatics coupled to NMR profiling facilitated the chromatographic isolation and structural elucidation of qinimycins A-C (1-3). The intriguing structural features of the qinimycins, including 8-C-glycosylation, 5,14-epoxidation, and 13-hydroxylation, distinguished these molecules from the model pyranonaphthoquinones actinorhodin, medermycin, and granaticin. Another novelty lies in the unusual fusion of a deoxyaminosugar to the pyranonaphthoquinone backbone during biosynthesis of the antibiotics BE-54238 A and B (4, 5). Qinimycins showed weak antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Our work shows the utility of combining bioinformatics, targeted activation of cryptic gene clusters, and NMR-based metabolic profiling as an effective pipeline for the discovery of microbial natural products with distinctive skeletons.	0
Abstract2class: Magnetic Ligand Fishing as a Targeting Tool for HPLC-HRMS-SPE-NMR: α-Glucosidase Inhibitory Ligands and Alkylresorcinol Glycosides from Eugenia catharinae Abstract: A bioanalytical platform combining magnetic ligand fishing for α-glucosidase inhibition profiling and HPLC-HRMS-SPE-NMR for structural identification of α-glucosidase inhibitory ligands, both directly from crude plant extracts, is presented. Magnetic beads with N-terminus-coupled α-glucosidase were synthesized and characterized for their inherent catalytic activity. Ligand fishing with the immobilized enzyme was optimized using an artificial test mixture consisting of caffeine, ferulic acid, and luteolin before proof-of-concept with the crude extract of Eugenia catharinae. The combination of ligand fishing and HPLC-HRMS-SPE-NMR identified myricetin 3-O-α-L-rhamnopyranoside, myricetin, quercetin, and kaempferol as α-glucosidase inhibitory ligands in E. catharinae. Furthermore, HPLC-HRMS-SPE-NMR analysis led to identification of six new alkylresorcinol glycosides, i.e., 5-(2-oxopentyl)resorcinol 4-O-β-D-glucopyranoside, 5-propylresorcinol 4-O-β-D-glucopyranoside, 5-pentylresorcinol 4-O-[α-D-apiofuranosyl-(1→6)]-β-D-glucopyranoside, 5-pentylresorcinol 4-O-β-D-glucopyranoside, 4-hydroxy-3-O-methyl-5-pentylresorcinol 1-O-β-D-glucopyranoside, and 3-O-methyl-5-pentylresorcinol 1-O-[β-D-glucopyranosyl-(1→6)]-β-D-glucopyranoside.	0
Abstract2class: Curcuminoids block TGF-β signaling in human breast cancer cells and limit osteolysis in a murine model of breast cancer bone metastasis Abstract: Effects of curcuminoids on breast cancer cell secretion of the bone-resorptive peptide parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP) and on lytic breast cancer bone metastasis were evaluated. In vitro, transforming growth factor (TGF)-β-stimulated PTHrP secretion was inhibited by curcuminoids (IC50 = 24 μM) in MDA-MB-231 human breast cancer cells independent of effects on cell growth inhibition. Effects on TGF-β signaling revealed decreases in phospho-Smad2/3 and Ets-1 protein levels with no effect on p-38 MAPK-mediated TGF-β signaling. In vivo, mice were inoculated with MDA-MB-231 cells into the left cardiac ventricle and treated ip every other day with curcuminoids (25 or 50 mg/kg) for 21 days. Osteolytic bone lesion area was reduced up to 51% (p < 0.01). Consistent with specific effects on bone osteolysis, osteoclast number at the bone-tumor interface was reduced up to 53% (p < 0.05), while tumor area within bone was unaltered. In a separate study, tumor mass in orthotopic mammary xenografts was also unaltered by treatment. These data suggest that curcuminoids prevent TGF-β induction of PTHrP and reduce osteolytic bone destruction by blockade of Smad signaling in breast cancer cells.	0
Abstract2class: Twilight zone sponges from Guam yield theonellin isocyanate and psammaplysins I and J Abstract: From the organic extracts of two Guam sponges, Rhaphoxya sp. and Suberea sp., determined to have cytotoxic and chemopreventive activities, three new compounds, theonellin isocyanate (1) and psammaplysins I and J (5, 6), and six previously reported compounds (2-4, 7-9) were isolated and characterized spectroscopically ((1)H and (13)C NMR, MS, IR, UV, [α](D)). The two new metabolites (5 and 6) isolated from the Suberea sp. sponge are rare examples of compounds containing a bromotyramine moiety rather than the more usual dibromo analogue. For the compounds isolated from the Rhaphoxya sp., this is the first report of the known compounds 2-4 being found in a single sponge. For previously reported compounds 2-4 complete unambiguous (1)H and (13)C NMR data are provided.	0
Abstract2class: Analogues of the Potent Antitumor Compound Leiodermatolide from a Deep-Water Sponge of the Genus Leiodermatium Abstract: Two new analogues of the potent antitumor compound leiodermatolide, which we call leiodermatolides B and C, have been isolated from specimens of a deep-water sponge of the genus Leiodermatium collected off Florida. The compounds were purified using standard chromatographic methods, and the structures defined through interpretation of the HRMS and 1D and 2D NMR data. Leiodermatolide B (2) lacks the C-21 hydroxy group found in leiodermatolide and has equal potency as the parent compound, providing a simpler analogue for possible clinical development. It inhibits the proliferation of the AsPC-1 human pancreatic adenocarcinoma cell line with an IC50 of 43 nM. Leiodermatolide C (3) has a modified macrolide ring and is over 85-fold less potent with an IC50 of 3.7 μM against the same cell line. These compounds add to the knowledge of the pharmacophore of this class of potent antitumor agents.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation, synthesis, and biological activity of aphrocallistin, an adenine-substituted bromotyramine metabolite from the Hexactinellida sponge Aphrocallistes beatrix Abstract: A new adenine-substituted bromotyrosine-derived metabolite designated as aphrocallistin (1) has been isolated from the deep-water Hexactinellida sponge Aphrocallistes beatrix. Its structure was elucidated on the basis of spectral data and confirmed through a convergent, modular total synthetic route that is amenable toward future analogue preparation. Aphrocallistin inhibits the growth of a panel of human tumor cell lines with IC(50) values ranging from 7.5 to >100 microM and has been shown to induce G1 cell cycle arrest in the PANC-1 pancreatic carcinoma cell line. Aphrocallistin has been fully characterized in the NCI cancer cell line panel and has undergone in vitro ADME pharmacological profiling.	0
Abstract2class: Honokiol for the Treatment of Neonatal Pain and Prevention of Consequent Neurobehavioral Disorders Abstract: This study examined the short- and long-term neuroprotective and analgesic activity of honokiol (a naturally occurring lignan isolated from Magnolia) on developing brains in neonates exposed to inflammatory pain, known to cause neuronal cell death. Postnatal day 4 (P4) neonatal rat pups were subjected to intraplantar formalin injection to four paws as a model of severe neonatal pain. Intraperitoneal honokiol (10 mg/kg) or corn oil vehicle control was administered 1 h prior to formalin insult, and animals were maintained on honokiol through postnatal day 21 (P21). Behavioral tests for stress and pain were performed after the painful insult, followed by morphological examinations of the brain sections at P7 and P21. Honokiol significantly attenuated acute pain responses 30 min following formalin insult and decreased chronic thermal hyperalgesia later in life. Honokiol-treated rats performed better on tests of exploratory behavior and performed significantly better in tests of memory. Honokiol treatment normalized hippocampal and thalamic c-Fos and hippocampal alveus substance P receptor expression relative to controls at P21. Together, these findings support that (1) neonatal pain experiences predispose rats to the development of chronic behavioral changes and (2) honokiol prevents and reduces both acute and chronic pathological pain-induced deteriorations in neonatal rats.	0
Abstract2class: Kaempulchraols A-H, Diterpenoids from the Rhizomes of Kaempferia pulchra Collected in Myanmar Abstract: Eight new diterpenoids, kaempulchraols A-H (1-8), along with five known analogues were isolated from the CHCl3-soluble extract of rhizomes of Kaempferia pulchra of Myanmar. The structures of these compounds were elucidated using extensive spectroscopic techniques including X-ray diffraction analysis. All the isolates were tested for their antiproliferative activity against a panel of five human cancer cell lines (A549, human lung cancer; HeLa, human cervix cancer; PANC-1 and PSN-1, human pancreatic cancer; MDA-MB-231, human breast cancer) and TIG-3, normal human primary fibroblast cells. Kaempulchraol F (6) exhibited weak activity against the human pancreatic PSN-1 cell line with an IC50 value of 12.3 μM.	0
Abstract2class: Bioreductively Activatable Prodrug Conjugates of Combretastatin A-1 and Combretastatin A-4 as Anticancer Agents Targeted toward Tumor-Associated Hypoxia Abstract: The natural products combretastatin A-1 (CA1) and combretastatin A-4 (CA4) function as potent inhibitors of tubulin polymerization and as selective vascular disrupting agents (VDAs) in tumors. Bioreductively activatable prodrug conjugates (BAPCs) can enhance selectivity by serving as substrates for reductase enzymes specifically in hypoxic regions of tumors. A series of CA1-BAPCs incorporating nor-methyl, mono-methyl, and gem-dimethyl nitrothiophene triggers were synthesized together with corresponding CA4-BAPCs, previously reported by Davis (Mol. Cancer Ther. 2006, 5 (11), 2886), for comparison. The CA4-gem-dimethylnitrothiophene BAPC 45 proved exemplary in comparison to its nor-methyl 43 and mono-methyl 44 congeners. It was stable in phosphate buffer (pH 7.4, 24 h), was cleaved (25%, 90 min) by NADPH-cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase (POR), was inactive (desirable prodrug attribute) as an inhibitor of tubulin polymerization (IC50 > 20 μM), and demonstrated hypoxia-selective activation in the A549 cell line [hypoxia cytotoxicity ratio (HCR) = 41.5]. The related CA1-gem-dimethylnitrothiophene BAPC 41 was also promising (HCR = 12.5) with complete cleavage (90 min) upon treatment with POR. In a preliminary in vivo dynamic bioluminescence imaging study, BAPC 45 (180 mg/kg, ip) induced a decrease (within 4 h) in light emission in a 4T1 syngeneic mouse breast tumor model, implying activation and vascular disruption.	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of Scytonemide A Employing Weinreb AM Solid-Phase Resin Abstract: The human 20S proteasome inhibitor scytonemide A (1), a macrocyclic imine originally isolated from the cyanobacterium Scytonema hofmanni, was synthesized via a biomimetic solid-phase peptide synthesis (SPPS) approach employing the Weinreb AM resin. Utilizing this approach, cyclization of the protected heptapeptide via formation of the imine bond occurred spontaneously upon cleavage from the resin in the presence of a reducing agent and subsequent aqueous workup. The final deprotection step necessary to produce the natural product was accomplished under slightly basic conditions, facilitating cleavage of the silyl ether group while leaving the macrocycle intact. Purification of the synthetic scytonemide A was accomplished via normal-phase flash column chromatography, potentially facilitating larger scale preparation of the compound necessary for future mechanistic and SAR studies. The structure of the target compound was confirmed by NMR spectroscopy, which also shed light on differences in the spectroscopic data obtained for the synthetic and natural scytonemide A samples for some of the amide and alcohol signals in the 1H NMR spectrum.	0
Abstract2class: Cytotoxic and antibacterial beilschmiedic acids from a Gabonese species of Beilschmiedia Abstract: High-throughput natural products chemistry methods have facilitated the isolation of eight new (1-8) and two known (9 and 10) beilschmiedic acid derivatives from the leaves of a Gabonese species of Beilschmiedia. Compounds 3-10 were isolated in microgram quantities, and the NMR data for structure elucidation and dereplication were acquired utilizing a Bruker BioSpin TCI 1.7 mm MicroCryoProbe. All of the compounds were screened for cytotoxic and antibacterial activity against NCI-H460 human lung cancer cells and a clinical isolate of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, respectively. This is the first report of cytotoxic activity for the endiandric/beilschmiedic acid class of compounds.	0
Abstract2class: Cytotoxic clerodane diterpenoids and their hydrolysis products from Casearia nigrescens from the rainforest of Madagascar Abstract: Bioassay-guided fractionation of the cytotoxic leaf and flower extract of Casearia nigrescens led to the isolation of four new clerodane diterpenoids, designated caseanigrescens A-D (1-4). These compounds were subject to hydrolysis to dialdehydes when stored in CDCl3. The structures of compounds 1-4 were determined using 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy. All four compounds showed moderate cytotoxicity to the A2780 human ovarian cancer cell line, with an IC50 range of 0.83-1.4 microM.	0
Abstract2class: Cytotoxic sesquiterpene lactones from Vernonia pachyclada from the Madagascar rainforest Abstract: Bioassay-guided fractionation of the cytotoxic leaf extract of Vernonia pachyclada Baker led to the isolation of three new sesquiterpene lactones, designated glaucolides K-M (1-3). The structures of the new compounds were determined using 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy, and the structure and stereochemistry of 1 were confirmed by single-crystal X-ray diffraction. Compound 3 showed moderate activity in the A2780 human ovarian cancer cell line, with an IC50 of 3.3 microM.	0
Abstract2class: Thorectidiol A Isolated from the Marine Sponge Dactylospongia elegans Disrupts Interactions of the SARS-CoV-2 Spike Receptor Binding Domain with the Host ACE2 Receptor Abstract: Thorectidiols isolated from the marine sponge Dactylospongia elegans (family Thorectidae, order Dictyoceratida) collected in Papua New Guinea are a family of symmetrical and unsymmetrical dimeric biphenyl meroterpenoid stereoisomers presumed to be products of oxidative phenol coupling of a co-occurring racemic monomer, thorectidol (3). One member of the family, thorectidiol A (1), has been isolated in its natural form, and its structure has been elucidated by analysis of NMR, MS, and ECD data. Acetylation of the sponge extract facilitated isolation of additional thorectidiol diacetate stereoisomers and the isolation of the racemic monomer thorectidol acetate (6). Racemic thorectidiol A (1) showed selective inhibition of the SARS-CoV-2 spike receptor binding domain (RBD) interaction with the host ACE2 receptor with an IC50 = 1.0 ± 0.7 μM.	0
Abstract2class: Scalarane-based sesterterpenoid RCE-protease inhibitors isolated from the Indonesian marine sponge Carteriospongia foliascens Abstract: Two new 20,24-bishomo-25-norscalaranes, compounds 1 and 2, and two new and two known 20,24-bishomoscalaranes, compounds 3-6, have been isolated from the Indonesian marine sponge Carteriospongia foliascens. The structures of 1-6 were determined by spectroscopic analysis. Compounds 1 and 3-6 inhibit RCE-protease activity.	0
Abstract2class: Oxaspirol B with p97 Inhibitory Activity and Other Oxaspirols from Lecythophora sp. FL1375 and FL1031, Endolichenic Fungi Inhabiting Parmotrema tinctorum and Cladonia evansii Abstract: A new metabolite, oxaspirol D (4), together with oxaspirols B (2) and C (3) were isolated from Lecythophora sp. FL1375, an endolichenic fungus isolated from Parmotrema tinctorum, whereas Lecythophora sp. FL1031 inhabiting the lichen Cladonia evansii afforded oxaspirols A (1), B (2), and C (3). Of these, oxaspirol B (2) showed moderate p97 ATPase inhibitory activity. A detailed characterization of all oxaspirols was undertaken because structures proposed for known oxaspirols have involved incomplete assignments of NMR spectroscopic data leading only to their planar structures. Thus, the naturally occurring isomeric mixture (2a and 2b) of oxaspirol B was separated as their diacetates (5a and 5b) and the structures and absolute configurations of 1, 2a, 2b, 3, and 4 were determined by the application of spectroscopic techniques including two-dimensional NMR and the modified Mosher's ester method. Oxaspirol B (2) and its diacetates 5a and 5b were evaluated for their ATPase inhibitory activities of p97, p97 mutants, and other ATP-utilizing enzymes, and only 2 was found to be active, indicating the requirement of some structural features in oxaspirols for their activity. Additional biochemical and cellular assays suggested that 2 was a reversible, non-ATP competitive, and specific inhibitor of p97.	0
Abstract2class: Glycopeptide carboxamides active against vancomycin-resistant enterococci Abstract: Glycopeptide antibiotics were synthesized via the PyBOP mediated condensation of aliphatic, heterocyclic and aromatic amines with the C-terminus of vancomycin, LY264826 (A82846B) and semi-synthetic derivatives of these natural products. Amides of LY264826 and vancomycin demonstrated excellent activity against staphylococci and streptococci as compared to the parent natural product. However, the amides of N-alkylated LY264826 and N-alkylated vancomycin were active against vancomycin-resistant enterococci as well as other gram-positive pathogens such as Staphylococcus aureus, S. haemolyticus, S. epidermidis and Streptococcus pneumoniae.	0
Abstract2class: Difficidin and oxydifficidin: novel broad spectrum antibacterial antibiotics produced by Bacillus subtilis. III. Mode of action of difficidin Abstract: The mode of action of difficidin (DIF) was investigated. Upon addition of DIF to log phase cultures of Escherichia coli, growth ceased immediately and small round cells accumulated after 30 minutes incubation. No cell lysis was observed. DIF was rapidly bactericidal to both growing and stationary phase cultures, and inhibited protein synthesis more rapidly than RNA, DNA, or cell-wall synthesis in growing cells. Protein synthesis was also inhibited in a cell-free system. The frequency of natural mutation to resistance in E. coli was less than 1 in 10(10) cells.	0
Abstract2class: A seventeen kilodaltons peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase of the cyclosporin-producer Tolypocladium inflatum is sensitive to cyclosporin A Abstract: A peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase (PPIase) was purified to homogeneity about 24-fold from the cyclosporin-producing fungus Tolypocladium inflatum. The molecular mass of the enzyme was in the range of 17 kdaltons. Remarkably, the enzyme could be inhibited by cyclosporin A in the nanomolar range as has been shown for numerous other cyclophilins from eukaryotic organisms. This indicates, that Tolypocladium inflatum must possess a self protection system in order to survive in the presence of cyclosporin.	0
Abstract2class: Cochinmicins, novel and potent cyclodepsipeptide endothelin antagonists from a Microbispora sp. II. Structure determination Abstract: Cochinmicins I, II, and III are competitive endothelin antagonists produced by Microbispora sp. ATCC 55140. The cochinmicins are cyclic depsipeptides containing six alpha-amino acids and a pyrrolecarboxylic acid. Based upon MS, 1D and 2D NMR, and LC data, the structures and absolute stereochemistries of the cochinmicins have been assigned. All three components have the same basic sequence and contain one equivalent each of D-allo-threonine, D-alanine, L-phenylalanine, D-phenylalanine, 5-chloropyrrole-2-carboxylic acid (or pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid in cochinmicin I), plus two equivalents of 3,5-dihydroxyphenylglycine (DHPG). The phenylalanine residues were differentiated via a methanolysis product which contained only one of the phenylalanine residues. Both DHPG residues have the D configuration in the more active cochinmicins I and III. Cochinmicin II contains both D- and L-DHPG and these residues have been differentiated in the sequence based upon 1H NMR data.	0
Abstract2class: Difficidin and oxydifficidin: novel broad spectrum antibacterial antibiotics produced by Bacillus subtilis. I. Production, taxonomy and antibacterial activity Abstract: Difficidin and oxydifficidin, two novel macrocyclic polyene lactone phosphate esters were discovered in fermentation broths of each of two strains of Bacillus subtilis: ATCC 39320 and ATCC 39374. Difficidin and oxydifficidin each showed a broad spectrum of activity against aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. Many of the susceptible aerobes and anaerobes were human pathogens resistant to one or more antibiotics. Difficidin and oxydifficidin when administered intraperitoneally protected mice against an otherwise lethal bacteremia caused by Klebsiella pneumoniae (ED50 in mg/kg of 1.31 and 15.6 respectively). Neither difficidin nor oxydifficidin were effective when administered via the subcutaneous route.	0
Abstract2class: The structure of a novel sugar component of polyene macrolide antibiotics: 2,6-dideoxy-L-ribohexopyranose Abstract: A novel carbohydrate has been isolated after acidic hydrolysis of nystatin A3, candidinin and polyfungin B and its structure established as 2,6-dideoxy-L-ribohexopyranose.	0
Abstract2class: Role of aminoglycoside 6'-acetyltransferase in a novel multiple aminoglycoside resistance of an actinomycete strain #8: inactivation of aminoglycosides with 6'-amino group except arbekacin and neomycin Abstract: From a rare actinomycete strain #8 isolated from soil as arbekacin (ABK) resistant, we cloned a gene segment (0.9 kb) conferring multiple resistance to aminoglycoside (AG) antibiotics with 6'-NH2 including semisynthetic ones except ABK and neomycin (NM). Enzymatic modification using cell free extracts from Streptomyces lividans TK21/pANT-S2 carrying the cloned gene revealed that the gene coded for an AG 6'-acetyltransferase [AAC(6')] capable of acetylating all of the tested AGs with 6'-NH2 including semisynthetic ones and astromicin. The substrate specificity of the enzyme was thus similar to that of AAC(6')-Ie of Enterococcus faecalis. Antibiotic assay revealed a weak but clear antibiotic activity of 6'-N-acetylABK (8% of ABK activity) in contrast with substantial inactivation by the AAC(6') of the other AGs including amikacin and isepamicin. The NM acetylation by the AAC(6') also did not result in NM inactivation. It seems thus likely that AAC(6')-dependent resistance to ABK and NM, if it emerges, will remain at low level.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthetic studies of allosamidin. 2. Isolation of didemethylallosamidin, and conversion experiments of 14C-labeled demethylallosamidin, didemethylallosamidin and their related compounds Abstract: A new allosamidin analog, termed didemethylallosamidin (3), was isolated from the mycelia of Streptomyces sp. AJ 9463 which is a producer of allosamidin (1) and demethylallosamidin (2). 14C-Labeled 1, 2 and 3 as well as their related compounds, 4, 5, and 6, were prepared to investigate the biosynthesis of 1. Conversion experiments with the labeled allosamidins revealed that 2 was a precursor of 1, but 3 was not incorporated. This suggests that the first N-methyl group is introduced before the cyclization of the aminooxazoline ring during the biosynthesis of 1. Although none of the compounds 4, 5, and 6 were converted to 1, the production of 1 was inhibited by the addition of 4.	0
Abstract2class: A new macromolecular antitumor antibiotic, C-1027. III. Antitumor activity Abstract: C-1027, a new macromolecular antitumor antibiotic produced by Streptomyces globisporus C-1027, showed extremely potent cytotoxicity toward cultured cancer cells. Compared in terms of IC50 values, antibiotic C-1027 showed much more potent cytotoxicity than doxorubicin, mitomycin C and neocarzinostatin. Spermatogonial assay, a prescreen for anticancer drugs, was highly sensitive for detection of C-1027. At tolerable doses, C-1027 exhibited marked inhibition on a panel of transplantable tumors in mice, which included leukemia L1210, P388, ascites hepatoma H22, sarcoma 180 and melanoma Harding-Passey.	0
Abstract2class: Resorcylic acid lactones: naturally occurring potent and selective inhibitors of MEK Abstract: A resorcylic acid lactone, L-783,277, isolated from a Phoma sp. (ATCC 74403) which came from the fruitbody of Helvella acetabulum, is a potent and specific inhibitor of MEK (Map kinase kinase). L-783,277 inhibits MEK with an IC50 value of 4 nM. It weakly inhibits Lck and is inactive against Raf, PKA and PKC. L-783,277 is an irreversible inhibitor of MEK and is competitive with respect to ATP. L-783,290, the trans-isomer of L-783,277, was isolated from the same culture and evaluated together with several semi-synthetic resorcylic acid lactone analogs. A preliminary structure-activity relationship is presented. Several independent cell-based assays have been carried out to study the biological activities of these resorcylic acid lactone compounds and a brief result summary from these studies is presented.	0
Abstract2class: Aspergillin PZ, a novel isoindole-alkaloid from Aspergillus awamori Abstract: Aspergillin PZ was obtained from the fermentation of Aspergillus awamori (Nakazawa) by activity-guided fractionation and purification. Its structure was elucidated on the basis of spectral data, especially by 2D NMR, and finally confirmed by an X-ray analysis. It could induce conidia of P. oryzae to deform moderately.	0
Abstract2class: New cell-cell adhesion inhibitors from Streptomyces sp. UMA-044 Abstract: Three compounds, NP25301 (1), NP25302 (2) and bohemamine (3), inhibitors of cell adhesion based on LFA-1/ICAM-1, were isolated from the cultured broth of the strain Streptomyces sp. UMA-044. New compounds 1 and 2 were identified as 2-(3'-carbamoylphenoxy)acrylic acid methyl ester and deoxybohemamine, respectively, based on spectroscopic analyses. Compounds 1 approximately 3 inhibited adhesion of HL-60 cells to CHO-ICAM-1 cells at IC50 values of 29.5 microg/ml for 1, 24.3 microg/ml for 2, and 27.2 microg/ml for 3.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of ammonium as nitrogen source on production of delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine synthetase by Cephalosporium acremonium C-10 Abstract: Cephalosporin production by Cephalosporium acremonium strain C-10 was suppressed when the organic nitrogen source (1.2% L-asparagine) was replaced by 1.2% (NH4)2SO4. A higher level of (NH4)2SO4 (3.5%) led to even greater suppression. Ammonium repression was exerted on formation of delta-(L-alpha-aminoadipyl)-L-cysteinyl-D-valine (ACV) synthetase, together with that of expandase; a lesser effect by ammonium was observed on cyclase production. Inhibition of ACV synthetase activity byammonium was also observed (ca. 50% inhibition at 250 mM NH4+).	0
Abstract2class: Cladospolide D, a new 12-membered macrolide antibiotic produced by Cladosporium sp. FT-0012 Abstract: A new antibiotic termed cladospolide D was isolated along with the known cladospolides A and B from the fermentation broth of Cladosporium sp. FT-0012 by solvent extraction, ODS column chromatography and preparative HPLC. The structure of cladospolide D was deduced to be (E)-2-dodecen-5-hydroxy-11-olide-4-one. Cladospolide D showed antifungal activity against Pyricularia oryzae and Mucor racemosus.	0
Abstract2class: Zelkovamycin, a new cyclic peptide antibiotic from Streptomyces sp. K96-0670. I. Production, isolation and biological properties Abstract: A new antibiotic termed zelkovamycin was isolated from the fermentation broth of Streptomyces sp. K96-0670 by solvent extraction, ODS column chromatography and preparative HPLC. Zelkovamycin showed antibacterial activity against Xanthomonas oryzae, Acholeplasma laidlawii, Pyricularia oryzae and Staphylococcus aureus.	0
Abstract2class: The novel gluconeogenesis inhibitors FR225659 and FR225656 from Helicomyces sp. No. 19353. III. Structure determination Abstract: During the course of screening for novel gluconeogenesis inhibitors, FR225659 and its related compounds were isolated from a fermentation broth of Helicomyces sp. No. 19353. Spectroscopic analysis concluded that FR225659 is an N-acyl tripeptide consisting of a novel acyl, a 3-chloro-4-hydroxyarginine, a 3-hydroxy-3-methylproline and a dehydrovaline. Degradation study allowed assignment of the absolute configuration of the 3-hydroxy-3-methylproline to be (2S,3R). FR225656 was shown to possess a dehydroisoleucine instead of the dehydrovaline of FR225659.	0
Abstract2class: Gerfelin, a novel inhibitor of geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase from Beauveria felina QN22047. I. Taxonomy, fermentation, isolation, and biological activities Abstract: A new compound, gerfelin, was isolated from a culture broth of Beauveria felina QN22047. It was purified by column chromatography on silica gel and by HPLC. Gerfelin has the molecular formula C15H14O6. It inhibited synthesis of geranylgeranyl diphosphate, which was mediated by recombinant human geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase (hGGPP synthase) in vitro. The inhibitory pattern of gerfelin was noncompetitive against isopentenyl diphosphate, and uncompetitive against farnesyl diphosphate.	0
Abstract2class: The structure of manumycin. II. Derivatives Abstract: Derivatives of manumycin (1) were obtained by acetylation and reduction, respectively, and characterized by their spectroscopic data. Structure-activity relationships of the antibiotic were discussed.	0
Abstract2class: The structure of manumycin. I. Characterization, structure elucidation and biological activity Abstract: Manumycin (1), produced by Streptomyces parvulus (strain Tü 64), was isolated from the mycelium by extraction with acetone and could easily be purified chromatographically. Chemical degradation of 1 (C31H38N2O7) gave 2-acetamino-3-hydroxycyclopent-2-enone (2) by acetolysis, 2,4,6-trimethyl-2,4-decadienoic acid (3) by alkaline hydrolysis, and 2-(2,4,6-trimethyl-2,4-decadienoylamino)-5,6-epoxy-1,4-benzoquinon e (5) by chromic acid oxidation. In connection with a detailed spectroscopic analysis, the structure of 1 could be elucidated and the (E)-configuration of the double bonds in the triene and diene chain was established. Manumycin exhibits biological activity against Gram-positive bacteria and fungi and furthermore, an inhibition of the developmental processes of some insects.	0
Abstract2class: Darlucins A and B, new isocyanide antibiotics from Sphaerellopsis filum (Darluca filum) Abstract: Two new xanthocillin type antibiotics, darlucin A (1) and B (2), were isolated from fermentations of Sphaerellopsis filum (Darluca filum). Their structures were established by spectroscopic methods. The darlucins are the first known compounds with a 1,2-diisocyanoalkene moiety. Both compounds exhibited antibacterial, antifungal and weak cytotoxic activities.	0
Abstract2class: CGP 9000: a new orally active, broad-spectrum cephalosporin Abstract: CGP 9000, (7-[D-2-amino-2-(1,4-cyclohexadienyl)-acetamido]-3-methoxy-3-cephem-4-carboxylic acid), is a new broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic. Its antibacterial activity in vitro (MIC) is similar, but its bactericidal efficacy superior to that of cephalexin and cephradine. Upon oral administration to mice infected with various bacteria, CGP 9000 is, in general, 2 to 7 times more effective than either cephalexin or cephradine.	0
Abstract2class: Nafcillin and oxacillin: comparative antistaphylococcal activity in mice Abstract: The therapeutic properties of nafcillin, oxacillin and erythromycin were determined in mice infected with a strain (Evans) of Staphylococcus aureus shown to be tolerant to the bactericidal action of penicillinase-resistant derivatives of penicillin. The therapeutic activity of these agents was also correlated with the extent of colonization of kidneys by resistant clones of S. aureus Evans. The CD50 values or potency ratios proved that nafcillin was highly active against this organism, whereas oxacillin and erythromycin were capable of protecting the animals to a lesser degree. Of the agents studied, only nafcillin was capable of preventing or interfering with the colonization of the kidneys by S. aureus Evans. Although the exact interpretation and application of these data in the management of clinical problems remains to be determined, the observations suggest important differences between nafcillin and oxacillin in vivo and that it is difficult to predict the antibacterial efficacy of these drugs solely from MIC and MBC data.	0
Abstract2class: Curtisians A-D, new free radical scavengers from the mushroom Paxillus curtisii Abstract: In our continuous investigation for free radical scavengers from extracts of fruit body of basidiomycetes, we have isolated four new p-terphenyl compounds, designated as curtisians A-D, from the methanolic extract of the fruit body of Paxillus curtisii. These compounds were isolated by silica gel and Sephadex LH-20 column chromatographies, preparative-TLC and HPLC, consecutively. The structures of curtisians were assigned as p-terphenyls with substituents of acetyl, benzoyl, phenylbutyryl, 3-hydroxybutyryl and 3-acetoxybutyryl. Curtisians A, B, C and D exhibited inhibitory activity against lipid peroxidation with IC50, values of 0.15, 0.17, 0.24 and 0.14 microg/ml, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial metabolites with tipA promoter inducing activity. II. Geninthiocin, a novel thiopeptide produced by Streptomyces sp. DD84 Abstract: Geninthiocin was isolated from the mycelium of Streptomyces sp. DD84 as a tipA promoter inducing substance. Based on various NMR studies, its structure was established as a thiopeptide with oxazole and thiazole moieties, and several unusual amino acids.	0
Abstract2class: Interaction of kanamycin A and kanamycin B with phospholipids Abstract: It has been suggested that the aminoglycoside drugs are ototoxic because they contain amine groups that interact with membrane phospholipids. The interaction of kanamycin A and kanamycin B with vesicles containing various phospholipids was assessed from studies of vesicle aggregation and of the fluorescence of the probes 1-anilino-8-naphthalene sulfonic acid (ANS) and 1,6-diphenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (DPH) added to the system. Kanamycin B, with 5 amino groups, showed a stronger interaction with the acidic phospholipids than kanamycin A, with only 4 amino groups. The evidence indicated that the interaction was an ionic one involving the charged groups of both components with penetration of the hydrocarbon interior of the bilayers. Of all the phospholipids tested polyphosphoinositide showed the greatest ability to interact with the kanamycins, supporting the proposal that interaction with this phospholipid may be the basis of the ototoxicity of aminoglycosides.	0
Abstract2class: Biological activity of cadeguomycin. Inhibition of tumor growth and metastasis, immunostimulation, and potentiation of 1-beta-D-arabinofuranosylcytosine Abstract: Cadeguomycin retarded growth of sc solid IMC carcinoma in CDF1 mice, and pulmonary metastasis of Lewis lung carcinoma in C57BL/6 mice. The antibiotic enhanced phagocytic activity of murine peritoneal macrophages and IL-1 production by P388D1 cells. Delayed type hypersensitivity was stimulated and interferon was induced by the drug. The results suggest that cadeguomycin inhibits tumor growth and metastasis in association with modification of the immune system. The cytotoxicity of arabinosylcytosine to K562 and YAC-1 cells was markedly enhanced by cadeguomycin in culture. The combined administration of arabinosylcytosine and cadeguomycin displayed potentiation in the inhibition of growth of ip-implanted P388 leukemia and metastasis of sc-implanted P388 leukemia to the regional lymph nodes. Cadeguomycin showed low toxicity for mice.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative inhibitory activity of BL-S640 and two other cephalosporins Abstract: In vitro antibacterial activity of BL-S640 was compared to that of cephalothin and cephalexin against Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria isolated from clinical specimens. BL-S640 demonstrated the best activity on nearly all microbial species studied, except for Haemophilus influenzae and Diplococcus pneumoniae against which cephalothin was slightly more active.	0
Abstract2class: FL-120A-D', new products related to kinamycin from Streptomyces chattanoogensis subsp. taitungensis subsp. nov. II. Isolation and structure determination Abstract: Six new kinamycin antibiotics have been isolated from the culture filtrate of Streptomyces chattanoogensis. The structures of six related components were determined employing 1D and 2D NMR spectroscopy and mass spectrometry. These structures represent the first reported epoxide kinamycin (2, 3) and propionyl derivative of kinamycin (5), and new isobutyryl derivatives of kinamycin (1, 4, 6).	0
Abstract2class: Solution conformation of enopeptin A, a depsipeptide antibiotic, using 2D NMR and restrained molecular dynamics studies Abstract: Studies on the solution conformation of the cyclic depsipeptide antibiotic enopeptin A have been carried out using 2D NMR and molecular modelling techniques. The proton resonances of the antibiotic in DMSO-d6 have been assigned by the use of TOCSY and ROESY experiments. The interproton distance information obtained from the ROESY experiments have been used as the basis for elucidating the probable structures in solution. The restrained molecular dynamics technique was applied to calculate the structures in solution, and six resultant structures with fewer distance constraint violations were obtained that satisfy the experimental restraints very well. The conformation of the cyclic moiety of the molecules is well defined whereas the aliphatic chain segment is disordered.	0
Abstract2class: S-3578, a new broad spectrum parenteral cephalosporin exhibiting potent activity against both methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Synthesis and structure-activity relationships Abstract: A series of 7-aminothiadiazolylcephalosporins having a 1-(substituted)-1H-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridinium group at the C-3' position of the cephem nucleus were synthesized and evaluated for in vitro antibacterial activities. Among the cephalosporins prepared in this study, 7beta-[2-(5-amino-1,2,4-thiadiazol-3-yl)-2(Z)-ethoxyiminoacetamido]-3-[1-(3-methylaminopropyl)-1H-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridinium-4-yl]methyl-3-cephem-4-carboxylate sulfate (S-3578) showed extremely potent broad spectrum activity against both gram-positive bacteria including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and gram-negative bacteria including Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and good water solubility.	0
Abstract2class: Structures of OA-6129A, B1, B2 and C, new carbapenem antibiotics produced by Streptomyces sp. OA-6129 Abstract: The chemical structures of OA-6129A, B1, B2 and C, new carbapenem antibiotics having a pantetheinyl group at C-3 were elucidated by spectroscopic analysis and chemical transformation as presented in Fig. 1.	0
Abstract2class: Structures of OA-6129D and E, new carbapenam antibiotics Abstract: The structures and stereochemistry of OA- 6129D and E, new carbapenam compounds produced by Streptomyces sp. OA-6129, were determined by spectroscopic analysis and chemical transformation.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and structure-activity studies of new 4''-O-acyltylosin derivatives of therapeutic interest Abstract: Eleven 4''-O-acyltylosin derivatives were synthesized and subjected to a two-step screening system consisting of antimicrobial activity and esterase stability assays. The new derivatives were all active against macrolide-resistant Staphylococci and mycoplasmas, but only 4''-O-(4-methoxy)phenylacetyltylosin and 4''-O-(4-acetyl)phenylacetyltylosin showed better resistance to mouse liver esterase than 4''-O-phenylacetyltylosin (reference compound C).	0
Abstract2class: Panclicins, novel pancreatic lipase inhibitors. II. Structural elucidation Abstract: Panclicins A-E are novel and potent pancreatic lipase inhibitors produced by Streptomyces sp. NR 0619. Their structures have been elucidated based on NMR and FAB-MS experiments. The relative configurations have also been determined by NMR experiments. The absolute stereochemistry has been determined by the chiral HPLC analysis of the hydrolysates of panclicins A and B and by modified Mosher's method on a derivative of panclicin A. They are structurally related to beta-lactone esterase inhibitors of microbial origin, lipstatin, valilactone, ebelactones and esterastin. Panclicins also contain a beta-lactone structure with two alkyl chains, one of which has an N-formylalanyloxy or N-formylglycyloxy substituent.	0
Abstract2class: Preparation of 1-acyloxyethyl esters of 7-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)acetamido]-3-[[[1-(2-dimethylaminoe thy l)-1H-tetrazol-5-yl]thio]-methyl]ceph-3-em-4-carboxylic acid (cefotiam) and their oral absorption in mice Abstract: In a separate study on the orally active acyloxymethyl esters (1) of 7-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)acetamido]-3-[[[1-(2-dimethylaminoethyl) - 1H-tetrazol-5-yl]thio]methyl]ceph-3-em-4-carboxylic acid (cefotiam, CTM), we have shown, by quantitative structure-oral bioavailability (BA) relation analysis, that the R2 group in the acyl group R2CO must have both an adequate lipophilicity (Hansch's lipophilic parameter, pi) and steric hindrance (Taft's Es value). However, to satisfy these requirements, a complex alkyl group R2 must be employed, the ester of which is difficult to synthesize and has unique metabolic fate. In this study, we selected and prepared the 1-acyloxyethyl esters (2) of CTM instead of 1 to avoid R2 groups that are too complicated. We found that the esters (2) gave improved oral BAs over 1: the 1-(3-methyl-valeryloxy)ethyl ester (2h) showed the highest peak plasma CTM level (Cmax) comparable to that obtained after subcutaneous injection of CTM. The 1-(cyclohexylacetoxy)ethyl ester (2t), the 1-(2-ethylbutyryloxy)ethyl ester (2j), and 2h showed BAs near 100%. For these esters (2), good correlations were also observed among the pi, the Es values of R2, and the log Cmax and log BA in the analysis of the quantitative structure-oral bioavailability relation: an ester having an alkyl group as R2 with a pi value of 3.07 or 3.08 and a Es value of -1.04 or -1.29 gave the highest Cmax or BA, respectively. As expected, the optimal pi values are almost the same as those obtained with 1 but the optimal Es values are larger (Es = -2.07). Thus, it has been confirmed by preparing 1-acyloxyethyl esters (2) of CTM that the oral bioavailability of CTM can further be improved without preparing acyloxymethyl esters (1) with a complicated acyl group.	0
Abstract2class: NMR studies of chromomycins, olivomycins, and their derivatives Abstract: Detailed studies on the 13C and 1H NMR spectra of chromomycins A2 and A3, olivomycins A and B, and their derivatives clarified the assignment of many signals which had been unassigned or erroneously reported in the literatures. The revised assignments for chromomycin A3 and olivomycin A include the assignment of a key 13C signal used to discuss the saccharide linkage in question. Structure analyses based on the revised assignments support the alpha,1----3-bond between components of the disaccharide moiety in the molecules. Some general information useful for structure analysis of saccharides is also reported.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on condensed-heterocyclic azolium cephalosporins. II. Synthesis and antibacterial activity of 7 beta-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2(Z)-alkoxyiminoacetamido]-3-(condensed- heterocyclic azolium)methyl-3-cephem-4-carboxylates Abstract: From our series of studies on cephalosporins bearing condensed-heterocyclic azolium methyl groups at the 3 position in the cephalosporin nucleus, we describe here the synthesis and antibacterial activity of 7 beta-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2(Z)-alkoxyiminoacetamido]ceph alosporins containing imidazo[1,5-a]pyridinium, imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazinium, imidazo[1,2-a]pyrimidinium, imidazo[1,2-c]pyrimidinium, and pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridinium methyl groups at the 3 position. Among the cephalosporins tested, 7 beta-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2(Z)-methoxyiminoacetamido]-3- (imidazo[1,5-a]pyridinium-2-yl) (1), (imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazinium-1-yl) (2), and (pyrazolo[1,5-a]-pyridinium-1-yl) (3)methyl-3-cephem-4-carboxylates showed potent antibacterial activity and broad antibacterial spectrum. The antibacterial activity of these cephalosporins (1 approximately 3) was superior to that of ceftazidime (CAZ). These results imply that the delocalization of the positive charge of the imidazo[1,5-a]pyridinium, pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyridinium and imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazinium groups leads to an expanded antibacterial spectrum and increased activity and that these condensed-heterocyclic compounds as well as imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine are effective moieties for improving antibacterial activity and spectrum.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on condensed-heterocyclic azolium cephalosporins. V. Synthesis and antibacterial activity of 3-(condensed-triazolo-pyridinium, -pyrimidinium, and -pyridazinium)-methyl cephalosporins Abstract: As a part of our studies on cephalosporins bearing condensed-heterocyclic azolium methyl groups at the 3 position in the cephalosporin nucleus, we describe here the synthesis and antibacterial activity of 7 beta-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)2(Z)-methoxyiminoacetamido] cephalosporins (1-16, 7 beta-[2-(2-amino-5-chlorothiazol-4-yl)-2(Z)- methoxyiminoacetamido] cephalosporins (17,18) and 7 beta-[2-(5-amino- 1,2,4-thiadiazol-3-yl)-2(Z)-methoxyiminoacetamido) cephalosporins (19-23) containing a variety of condensed-heterocyclic triazolium methyl groups at the 3 position in the cephalosporin nucleus. These cephalosporins exhibited potent antibacterial activity, and it appears that condensed-heterocyclic triazolium as well as condensed-heterocyclic imidazolium rings are effective moieties for improving antibacterial activity and the spectrum of activity. Among the cephalosporins tested, 7 beta-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2(Z)-methoxyiminoacetamido]-3-(5- methyl[1,2,3]triazolo-[1,5-alpha]pyridinium-1-yl)methyl-3-cephem-4- carboxylate (9) and 7 beta-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2(Z)-methoxyiminoacetamido]-3-(6- methoxy[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-alpha]pyridinium-1-yl)methyl-3-cephem-4- carboxylate (11) showed good antibacterial activity.	0
Abstract2class: A new antimitotic substance, FR182877. III. Structure determination Abstract: During the course of screening for novel cell cycle inhibitors, FR182877 was isolated from the fermentation broth of Streptomyces sp. No.9885. During the NMR measurements, FR182877 decomposed so much that the structure elucidation of FR182877 itself was difficult. Then, combinations of chemical correlations and spectroscopic methods clarified that FR182877 possesses an unprecedented multi-ring system including the strained double bond, which was unexpectedly epoxidized by molecular oxygen. FR182877 showed broad antitumor activities in vitro and promoted assemblies of tublins in vitro as well as taxol. It is noteworthy that epoxidation of the distorted double bond resulted in significant decrease in antitumor activities.	0
Abstract2class: WA8242A1, A2 and B, novel secretary phospholipase A2 inhibitors produced by Streptomyces violaceusniger. III. Structure elucidation and total synthesis of WA8242B Abstract: The structure of WA8242B, a potent novel inhibitor against phospholipase A2, was fully characterized by spectroscopic methods and chemical degradation. The success of total synthesis of WA8242B confirmed the structure and allowed the pharmacological study of WA8242B. The structures of WA8242A1 and A2 were also described.	0
Abstract2class: WA8242A1, A2 and B, novel secretory phospholipase A2 inhibitors produced by Streptomyces violaceusniger. II. Biological properties Abstract: WA8242A1, A2 and B, novel inhibitors of secretory phospholipase A2 (PLA2), were obtained from Streptomyces violaceusniger No. 8242. WA8242B inhibited secretory group I and II PLA2s in a dose-dependent manner. The mode of inhibition of group II PLA2 by WA8242B was in competitive fashion. WA8242B inhibited group II PLA2-induced Prostaglandin I2 (PGI2) production by human umbilical vein endothelial cells. Furthermore, WA8242B was effective in mouse zymosan writhing model.	0
Abstract2class: WS75624 A and B, new endothelin converting enzyme inhibitors isolated from Saccharothrix sp. No. 75624. II. Structure elucidation of WS75624 A and B Abstract: The structures of WS75624 A and B, novel endothelin converting enzyme inhibitors, were determined to be 1 and 2A, respectively, by a combination of chemical evidence and a series of 2D NMR spectral analyses.	0
Abstract2class: MK800-62F1, a new inhibitor of apoptotic cell death, from Streptomyces diastatochromogenes MK800-62F1. II. Structure elucidation Abstract: A new compound, MK800-62F1, was isolated from a cultured broth of Streptomyces diastatochromogenes MK800-62F1. The structure was determined by NMR analysis and degradation experiments.	0
Abstract2class: MK800-62F1, a new inhibitor of apoptotic cell death, from Streptomyces diastatochromogenes MK800-62F1. I. Taxonomy, fermentation, isolation, physico-chemical properties and biological activity Abstract: A new compound, MK800-62F1, was isolated from a cultured broth of Streptomyces diastatochromogenes MK800-62F1. It inhibited H2O2-induced apoptosis in human small cell lung carcinoma Ms-1 cells as well as in human T-cell leukemia Jurkat cells. In addition, MK800-62F1 also inhibited camptothecin-induced apoptosis in Jurkat cells, which was mediated by intracellular H2O2 generation. MK800-62F1 did not exhibit antioxidative activity in vitro, suggesting that inhibition of apoptosis by MK800-62F1 was not due to the scavenging of H2O2, rather it was due to the modulation of the downstream event of H2O2 generation.	0
Abstract2class: Anthracycline metabolites from baumycin-producing Streptomyces sp. D788. II. New anthracycline metabolites produced by a blocked mutant strain RPM-5 Abstract: A daunorubicin-blocked mutant strain RPM-5 derived from a new baumycin-producing Streptomyces sp. D788 accumulated a major precursor metabolite D788-1 (10-carboxyl-13-deoxocarminomycin) and nine minor metabolites in the culture broth. Five among them were new with a substituent at C-10 or the altered side chains at C-9. Isolation, purification and identification of all anthracycline metabolites produced by strain RPM-5 are described with their antitumor activities against L1210 cells.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial conversion of anthracyclinones to daunomycin by blocked mutants of Streptomyces coeruleorubidus Abstract: Baumycin-negative mutants of Streptomyces coeruleorubidus ME130-A4 do not convert daunomycinone to daunomycin and baumycins. They biosynthesize daunomycin from aklavinone and epsilon-rhodomycinone, indicating the glycosidation of the aglycone before the synthesis of daunomycinone. The biosynthetic pathway from epsilon-rhodomycinone to daunomycin was further confirmed by studying the bioconversion of anthracyclinones and anthracyclines, which are presumed to be intermediates.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial conversion of epsilon-pyrromycinone and epsilon-isorhodomycinone to 1-hydroxy-13-dihydrodaunomcyin and N-formyl-1-hydroxy-13-dihydrodaunomycin and their bioactivities Abstract: New anthracycline antibiotics, 1-hydroxy-13-dihydrodaunomycin and N-formyl-1-hydroxy-13-dihydrodaunomycin were biosynthesized by a blocked mutant of Streptomyces coeruleorubidus ME130-A4 from epsilon-pyrromycinone or epsilon-isorhodomycinone.	0
Abstract2class: New anthracycline metabolites from mutant strains of Streptomyces galilaeus MA144-M1. I. Isolation and characterization of various blocked mutants Abstract: During genetic study on obtaining high-yield variants of aclacinomycin A-producer, a variety of blocked mutants were isolated from Streptomyces galilaeus MA144-M1 and were characterized. The isolated mutants included those which accumulated only specific components of parental glycosides, those which produced new aklavinone glycosides devoid of parental rhodosamine or both rhodinose and cinerulose, those which produced non-glycosidic aglycones, and antibiotic-negative mutants, some of which were able to glycosidate exogenous aklavinone. By biotransformation with the aglycone feeding culture, the precursor activity of new aglycones was also tested. From the results and in relation to the characterization of isolated mutants, the biosynthetic pathway of aclacinomycin A and related antibiotics is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Intensely potent anthracycline antibiotic oxaunomycin produced by a blocked mutant of the daunorubicin-producing microorganism Abstract: A new potent anthracycline antibiotic oxaunomycin was isolated from the culture broth of a blocked mutant derived from a baumycin producer and was identified as 7-O-(alpha-L-daunosaminyl)-beta-rhodomycinone. It exhibited about 100 times more strongly cytotoxic activity against leukemic L1210 cell culture than doxorubicin.	0
Abstract2class: Production of new anthracycline antibiotics 1-hydroxy-oxaunomycin and 6-deoxyoxaunomycin by limited biosynthetic conversion using a daunorubicin-negative mutant Abstract: A limited biosynthetic conversion of some known anthracyclinones using a specific daunorubicin-nonproducing mutant provided four new anthracycline antibiotics: 1-Hydroxy-10-methoxycarbonyl-13-deoxocarminomycin; 1-hydroxy-13-deoxocarminomycin; 1-hydroxyoxaunomycin and 6-deoxyoxaunomycin. Their isolation and purification from bioconversion broth, structural determination and antitumor activities against leukemic L1210 cells are described.	0
Abstract2class: Anthracycline metabolites from baumycin-producing Streptomyces sp. D788. I. Isolation of antibiotic-blocked mutants and their characterization Abstract: Biosynthetically blocked mutants were obtained from a baumycin-producing Streptomyces sp. D788 newly isolated from soil. The first mutant isolated was a baumycin-negative but daunorubicin-accumulating mutant with a loss of 4'-substitution activity, from which all other blocked mutants were successively derived. These included a known 11-deoxydaunorubicin-producing mutant and several new types of mutants which produced mainly 10-carboxy-13-deoxocarminomycin, 10-methoxycarbonyl-13-deoxocarminomycin, their 11-deoxy derivatives or a precursor aglycone, respectively. In this paper, all the anthracycline components produced by the parent strain and its two known blocked mutants, a daunorubicin producer and a 11-deoxydaunorubicin producer, are also determined by HPLC and five new components are isolated. Cytotoxicities in vitro of all the components against L1210 cell culture are also described.	0
Abstract2class: Enzymatic conversion of aclacinomycin A to Y by a specific oxidoreductase in Streptomyces Abstract: A specific oxidoreductase converting aclacinomycin A to a new analog, aclacinomycin Y, was purified to apparent homogeneity from the culture filtrate of aclacinomycin-producing microorganisms. The isolated enzyme was a weakly acidic protein (isoelectric point, 5.9) with a molecular weight of about 72,000. The enzymatic reaction requires molecular oxygen and has a pH optimum at 5.5. The enzyme catalyzed an oxidation of the terminal sugar, L-cinerulose, of the trisaccharide moiety of aclacinomycin A to L-aculose (2,3,6-trideoxyhex-2-enopyranos-4-ulose) with removal of two electrons. Studies of substrate specificity revealed that the enzyme is an oxidoreductase capable of modifying anthracyclic triglycosides by oxidizing their terminal sugars.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation, structures, and antifungal activities of new aureobasidins Abstract: Aureobasidins are a group of cyclic depsipeptides with antifungal activity and are produced by Aureobasidium pullulans. Aureobasidins are composed of eight amino acids and one hydroxy acid such as 2-hydroxy-3-methylpentanoic acid (Hmp), and highly lipophilic. Five new aureobasidins, S1, S2a, S2b, S3 and S4, which have higher hydrophilicity in reversed phase HPLC than the known aureobasidins A-R, were discovered in a fermentation broth of A. pullulans R106 by means of on-line liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry with electrospray ionization. We identified the structures of the compounds and studied their antifungal activities. Three of the new aureobasidins, S2b, S3 and S4, which have hydroxylated Hmp as the hydroxy acid, were highly active against Candida spp. and Cryptococcus neoformans.	0
Abstract2class: In vivo effects of deoxyspergualin (NKT-01) on lymphocyte activation in response to alloantigens Abstract: We studied the effects of deoxyspergualin (NKT-01) on the events of lymphocyte activation in vivo by inoculating mice in the footpad with allogeneic spleen cells, and compared the effects with those of cyclosporin A (CyA). The administration of NKT-01 increased the numbers of cells recovered from the popliteal lymph node (PLN) 7 days after inoculation, but inhibited the proliferation of these cells in the presence of exogenous interleukin 2 (IL-2). NKT-01 enhanced IL-2 production, but suppressed the production of macrophage activating factor (MAF) in the mixed lymphocyte reaction between the PLN cells and allogeneic spleen cells treated with mitomycin C. CyA decreased the numbers of PLN cells little, and suppressed the response to exogenous IL-2 and the production of both IL-2 and MAF. Results with tumor cells used as allogeneic cells suggested that there was a close relationship between the suppression of MAF production by NKT-01 and its inhibition of allograft rejection. The findings showed that NKT-01 inhibited both the MAF production by and the response to IL-2 of PLN cells, and that these effects were involved in the suppression of allograft rejection by NKT-01.	0
Abstract2class: Korormicin, a novel antibiotic specifically active against marine gram-negative bacteria, produced by a marine bacterium Abstract: A novel antibiotic named korormicin was isolated from the marine bacterium, Pseudoalteromonas sp. F-420. This strain was isolated from the surface of a macro alga Halimeda sp. collected from Palau (the Republic of Belau). The planar structure of korormicin was determined by the result of 2D NMR studies and mass spectral data. Korormicin had specific inhibitory activity against marine Gram-negative bacteria, but was inactive against terrestrial microorganisms.	0
Abstract2class: Terminal steps in the biosynthesis of herbicidins, nucleoside antibiotics Abstract: The biosynthetic relationship of the herbicidins produced by Streptomyces saganonensis was studied with blocked mutants by means of a bioconversion method using growing and resting cells. It is proposed that the biosynthetic sequence for herbicidins is; herbicidin G----herbicidin F----herbicidin A. Both herbicidins A and F were converted to herbicidin B by non-enzymatic reactions. Herbicidin G was also converted to herbicidin C non-enzymatically.	0
Abstract2class: Therapeutic effect of SF-2103A, a novel carbapenem antibiotic, in combination with cefotaxime, cefoperazone and other cephalosporins Abstract: Combinations of SF-2103A with cefotaxime, cefoperazone or cefazolin showed synergistic efficacy at a wide range of combination ratios against experimental infection in mice due to Proteus vulgaris GN76/C-1, producing type Ic cephalosporinase, Escherichia coli No. 29/36 RGN823, producing type IIIa (TEM-2) penicillinase and E. coli GN206, producing type Ib cephalosporinase. These effects by SF-2103A were greater than those seen with sulbactam. The in vitro and in vivo synergistic activities were roughly correlated. Potent in vivo activity of SF-2103A was related to good pharmacokinetic properties, with blood half-life of 30 minutes and urinary recovery of 55.2% after parenteral administration to rats. Furthermore, SF-2103A was stable to rat kidney homogenate. The high stability of SF-2103A in aqueous and biological media was correlated with the sulfonate group at C-3.	0
Abstract2class: Benadrostin, new inhibitor of poly(ADP-ribose) synthetase, produced by actinomycetes. II. Structure determination Abstract: Benadrostin, a new inhibitor of poly(ADP-ribose) synthetase, has been isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces flavovirens MH499-O'F1. The structure of benadrostin was defined as 8-hydroxy-2H-1,3-benzoxazine-2,4-dione by an analysis of spectral properties and chemical studies of benadrostin and its derivatives.	0
Abstract2class: Probestin, a new inhibitor of aminopeptidase M, produced by Streptomyces azureus MH663-2F6. II. Structure determination of probestin Abstract: Probestin, a new inhibitor of aminopeptidase M, has been isolated from the culture broth of Streptomyces azureus MH663-2F6. The 1H and 13C NMR studies and amino acid analysis confirmed the presence of one 3-amino-2-hydroxy-phenylbutanoic acid, leucine and two proline residues in the molecule. Stereochemistries of these amino acids were determined by HPLC analysis. The fragmentation pattern shown in the mass spectrum and the chemical analysis on probestin clarified the amino acid sequence. Thus the structure of probestin was defined as (2S,3R)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenylbutanoyl-L-leucyl-L-prolyl-L-pro line.	0
Abstract2class: Leuhistin, a new inhibitor of aminopeptidase M, produced by Bacillus laterosporus BMI156-14F1. II. Structure determination of leuhistin Abstract: Leuhistin, a new inhibitor of aminopeptidase M, has been isolated from the culture broth of Bacillus laterosporus BMI156-14F1. The structure of leuhistin was determined by NMR studies. X-Ray and chemical analysis confirmed the absolute structure to be (2R,3S)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-2-(1H-imidazol-4-ylmethyl)-5-methylhe xanoic acid.	0
Abstract2class: A novel antifungal antibiotic, FR-900848. I. Production, isolation, physico-chemical and biological properties Abstract: Streptoverticillium fervens produced a new antibiotic, FR-900848, which has a high specific activity against filamentous fungi. Purified by solvent extraction and column chromatography, the compound appears as colorless crystals. Its structure is C32H43N3O6, which consists of 5'-amino-5'-deoxy-5,6-dihydrouridine with an unsaturated fatty acid having unprecedented four serial and one isolated cyclopropane rings.	0
Abstract2class: The kapurimycins, new antitumor antibiotics produced by Streptomyces. Physico-chemical properties and structure determination Abstract: The kapurimycins A1, A2 and A3 were revealed to be new antitumor antibiotics with molecular formula of C27H26O9, C26H24O9 and C27H24O9, respectively. The structures of the kapurimycins were determined by NMR spectroscopic analysis. The kapurimycins are new class of polycyclic microbial metabolites having the tetrahydroanthra-gamma-pyrone skeleton and the beta, gamma-unsaturated delta-keto carboxylic acid structure. The individual components of the kapurimycins differ from one another in the side chain at the pyrone ring of the molecule.	0
Abstract2class: Structural specificity for biological activity of trichostatin A, a specific inhibitor of mammalian cell cycle with potent differentiation-inducing activity in Friend leukemia cells Abstract: Biological activities of four chemically synthesized trichostatin-related compounds, (R)-trichostatin A, (S)-trichostatin A, (R)-trichostatic acid, and (S)-trichostatic acid, were investigated. Assays of differentiation-inducing activity in Friend leukemia cells and G2-arresting activity in the cell cycle of normal rat fibroblast cells were used as monitoring systems for comparing the bioactivities of these compounds. The results clearly showed that both of the enantiomers of trichostatic acid had no activity in both the assay systems. In the case of (S)-trichostatin A, the antipode of naturally occurring trichostatin A, 50% effective concentrations were determined to be 50-70-fold higher than those of (R)-trichostatin A. The relationship between this ratio and the value of enantiomeric excess strongly suggests that (S)-trichostatin A is also biologically inactive. These results indicate that the absolute configuration and the presence of the hydroxamate group of trichostatin A are essential for its biological activity.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on new vasodilators, WS-1228 A and B. I. Discovery, taxonomy, isolation and characterization Abstract: New vasodilators, designated WS-1228 A and B have been discovered in the culture filtrate of a strain of Streptomyces aureofaciens. The active compounds were purified by column chromatography with Diaion HP-20 and silica gel, and finally separated from each other by high performance liquid chromatography. They were obtained as pale yellow crystals and their molecular formulae were both C11H17N3O.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on WB-3559 A, B, C and D, new potent fibrinolytic agents. I. Discovery, identification, isolation and characterization Abstract: WB-3559 A, B, C and D were produced by a bacterium which was classified as a member of the genus Flavobacterium. These compounds were purified by solvent extraction followed by chromatography on silica gel and then isolated by HPLC. The chemical structures were determined on the basis of chemical and spectroscopic evidence as in the succeeding papers. WB-3559 A, B, C and D stimulated rabbit plasma euglobulin clot lysis time. A chemically synthesized compound (WB-3559 D-syn) stimulated mouse plasma euglobulin clot lysis time when injected intravenously.	0
Abstract2class: A simplified method for purification of an antitumor acidic glycoprotein from Streptococcus pyogenes (Su strain) by immunoadsorbent chromatography Abstract: A simplified method for purification of an antitumor acidic glycoprotein (SAGP) from Streptococcus pyogenes (Su strain) by immunoaffinity chromatography is described. A cell-free crude extract prepared from the cocci was applied to the anti-SAGP IgG coupled Sepharose column, and elution was conducted with an alkaline buffer. The material eluted was confirmed to be homogeneous and identical with SAGP as demonstrated by both relative mobility on the SDS-polyacrylamide gel column and the antigenicity on the double diffusion agar plate. The cell-growth inhibitory activity of SAGP prepared by the present method was almost the same as that of SAGP purified by the previous time-consuming method. Since this simplified method provides a higher yield of SAGP, it will be useful in further studies on the biological properties of SAGP.	0
Abstract2class: Antitumor effect of kazusamycin B on experimental tumors Abstract: Kazusamycin B, a novel antibiotic (MW 542) isolated from fermentation broth of Streptomyces sp. No. 81-484 showed a broad antitumor spectrum both in vitro and in vivo. IC50 against the growth of tumor cells was around 1 ng/ml at 72 hours-exposure in vitro. Intraperitoneal injection of the antibiotic was effective in inhibiting the growth of murine tumors, S180, P388, EL-4, and B16. It was also active against doxorubicin-resistant P388, hepatic metastases of L5178Y-ML, pulmonary metastases of 3LL, and human mammary cancer MX-1 xenografted to nude mice. However, the activity of kazusamycin B toward L1210 or human lung cancer LX-1 was weaker. According to the results of comparative studies on the effect of kazusamycins B and A, an analog of B, there seemed to be no significant difference in their effectiveness. The effective dose range and toxicity were markedly dependent on tumor lines tested and the regimen used. Maximum tolerated dose in mice with subcutaneous tumors was much higher than that in mice bearing ascitic leukemia as P388. Although intermittent administration could greatly reduce the cumulative toxicity of the drug, therapeutic effect was similar with both successive and intermittent administration schedules.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotics. II. Synthesis and antibacterial activity of 3-acylamino-2-azetidinone-1-oxysulfonic acids Abstract: The synthesis and in vitro antibacterial and beta-lactamase inhibitory activity of the 2-azetidinone-1-oxysulfonic acids having a substituent at C-4 position of the beta-lactam ring are described. The influence of C-4 substituents on the antibacterial activity was examined for the compounds having alpha-ureidoacetyl or alpha-oxyiminoacetyl group as acyl side chain at C-3 position. The antibacterial activity is correlated with the C-4 substituents and acyl side chain. Especially, 4(R)-methyl substituted derivatives exhibited excellent activity against Gram-negative bacteria and 4-dimethyl substituted derivatives exhibited strong activity against resistant Gram-negative bacteria except for Pseudomonas aeruginosa. 39 and 40 showed strong inhibitory activity against cephalosporinase of Enterobacter cloacae H-27.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotics. V. Synthesis and antibacterial activity of 3-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-(Z)-2-(O-substituted oxyimino)-acetamido]-1-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-2-azetidinones having various functional groups at C-4 position of beta-lactam Abstract: The synthesis and antibacterial activity of the 3-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-(Z)-2-(O-substituted oxyimino)acetamido]-1-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-2-azetidinones++ + having various functional groups at C-4 position of beta-lactam are described. These compounds exhibited a strong activity against a variety of Gram-negative bacteria including beta-lactamase-producing strains. Among various C-4 substituents explored, the fluoromethyl and carbamoyloxymethyl moiety were found to increase the activity.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotics. III. Synthesis and antibacterial activity of N-(aromatic heterocyclic substituted)azetidin-2-ones Abstract: The relationship between structure and antibacterial activity among monocyclic beta-lactams having a pyridyl, pyrimidinyl, thiazolyl, imidazolyl, or a tetrazolyl group at N-1 position was investigated. N-(Tetrazol-5-yl)azetidin-2-ones were found to posses excellent activity.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotics. IV. Synthesis and antibacterial activity of (3S,4R)-3-[2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-(Z)-2-(O-substituted oxyimino)acetamido]-4-methyl-1- (1H-tetrazol-5-yl)-2-azetidinones Abstract: The synthesis and in vitro activity of the 3-(O-substituted oxyiminoacetamido)-2-azetidinones (IV) possessing a tetrazole moiety at N-1 position are described. The introduction of lipophilic functions into the oxyimino moiety gave in some good activity against staphylococci, but decreased activity against Gram-negative bacteria. In contrast, the introduction of hydrophilic functions such as carboxycyclobutane resulted in strong activity against Gram-negative bacteria including Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and no or very small activity against the staphylococci.	0
Abstract2class: Peplomycin sulfate and pulmonary fibrosis: hydroxyproline, uronic acid, proline hydroxylase and glucosamine 6-phosphate synthetase in lungs of hamsters treated with peplomycin Abstract: Effect of peplomycin sulfate (PLM) on pulmonary fibrosis was examined. Hydroxyproline, uronic acid, proline hydroxylase (EC 1.14.11.2) and glucosamine 6-phosphate synthetase (EC 2.6.1.16) in lungs of hamsters treated with PLM were studied and compared with those of hamsters treated with bleomycin (BLM). PLM, when administered intraperitoneally, one injection daily for 10 consecutive days, at either a high- (5 mg/kg) or low- (2.8 mg/kg) dosage-level, caused no significant increase of lung hydroxyproline and uronic acid as compared with controls. BLM on the other hand effected a significant increase in lung hydroxyproline on the high-dosage level (5 mg/kg) but not on the low-dosage level (2.8 mg/kg). In contrast, when administering PLM intratracheally, the concentrations of hydroxyproline in lungs increased 20% over the control levels. A transient increase of proline hydroxylase and glucosamine 6-phosphate synthetase also occurred shortly after the instillation. These increases were also observed in the corresponding groups treated with BLM, which confirmed the previous observations by other investigators. However, the magnitude of the increase was relatively lower in those values of PLM as compared with those of BLM. These data suggested that (1) PLM, when administered with multiple dosages intraperitoneally, showed no significant effect on the elevation of lung hydroxyproline; (2) PLM, when administered with a dose intratracheally, induced pulmonary fibrosis similar to that caused by BLM. However, the hydroxyproline accumulation in lungs of PLM-treated hamsters was less than in those of the BLM-treated; (3) The fibrotic effect on the lungs caused by either PLM or BLM was probably attributed to acceleration of the syntheses of collagen and acidic glycosaminoglycans.	0
Abstract2class: Elevation of glucosamine 6-phosphate synthetase activity in bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis in hamsters Abstract: The single intratracheal instillation of bleomycin sulfate (0.5 mg (potency) per 100 g body weight) in hamsters rapidly increased the activity of glucosamine 6-phosphate synthetase (EC 2.6.1.16) of the lung, a major regulatory enzyme for the synthesis of acidic glycosaminoglycan (AGAG). The activity increased as early as day 2, reached maximum level at day 10, then decreased and returned to the control level at day 45. The content of AGAG was also increased by bleomycin treatment, but the increase of AGAG followed the elevation of the enzyme activity. These results suggest that the early elevation of glucosamine 6-phosphate synthetase activity is closely related to the accumulation of AGAG in the fibrosing lung caused by bleomycin.	0
Abstract2class: AL072, a novel anti-Legionella antibiotic produced by Streptomyces sp Abstract: AL072 is a potent anti-Legionella antibiotic produced by Streptomyces strain AL91. The compound was isolated from the fermentation broth with 1 volume of isopropyl alcohol, followed by an ethyl acetate extraction and subsequent concentration under reduced pressure. Purification was performed on an octadecyl silica gel column followed by preparative HPLC. AL072 purified as mentioned above showed extremely specific activity only towards Legionella pneumophila. No antibacterial activity against any other bacteria tested was demonstrable. Its molecular weight was determined by FAB-MS (m/z 648) and the compound was identified as a novel 1,3-diacyl glycerol with the molecular formula C41H76O5. One of the two acyl groups is linoleyl and the other is 3,5-dimethyl octadecanoyl.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro synergism of FR-31564, a new phosphonic acid antibiotic Abstract: Against most test strains of Gram-negative bacilli, the in vitro effect of FR-31564 together with beta-lactam antibiotics or trimethoprim was strongly synergistic; with tetracycline and nalidixic acid the effect was additive; and with gentamicin and sulfamethoxazole the effect was additive or antagonistic. FR-31564 was markedly synergistic with beta-lactam antibiotics against beta-lactam antibiotic-resistant Gram-negative bacilli such as Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter aerogenes, E. cloacae, Citrobacter freundii and Serratia marcescens. The combination of FR-31564 with beta-lactam antibiotics effected a reduction of MICs against most of the test strains to clinically achievable concentrations in human serum.	0
Abstract2class: Immunoactive peptides, FK-156 and FK-565. II. Restoration of host resistance to microbial infection in immunosuppressed mice Abstract: The immunoactive peptides, FK-156 and its analogue, FK-565 were evaluated in various models of mice immunosuppressed with cyclophosphamide, hydrocortisone, mitomycin C, carrageenan and tumor cells. Treatment with FK-156 (subcutaneous) and FK-565 (oral) markedly restored host defense ability against microbial infection. The therapeutic effect of ticarcillin or gentamicin alone against pseudomonal infection in cyclophosphamide- and hydrocortisone-treated mice and tumor-bearing mice was much lower than in normal mice. The therapeutic effect of these antibiotics against pseudomonal infection in immunosuppressed mice was enhanced markedly by combined use with FK-156. The killing ability of macrophages and polymorphonuclear leukocytes of the immunosuppressed mice was also markedly enhanced by dosing with FK-156.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibitory effect of FK-565 alone and in combination with zidovudine on retroviral infection by Friend leukemia virus in mice Abstract: The effects of route and starting time of administration on FK-565 inhibition of splenomegaly by Friend leukemia virus (FLV) were studied in mice, and the concomitant effect of FK-565 in allowing reduction of zidovudine dosage was estimated. FK-565 inhibited splenomegaly in intravenous and oral doses of 0.01 to 1 mg/kg, but time of initial dosing had little effect on this inhibition. When 0.01 or 1 mg/kg of FK-565 was given intravenously with intraperitoneal doses of 0.63, 2.5, 10 and 40m g/kg of zidovudine, the inhibition rate of splenomegaly at all doses was markedly and dose-dependently higher than when either drug was given alone, and the concomitant use of FK-565 with zidovudine enabled a 16-fold reduction of the dose of zidovudine. The survival rate and survival time after infection with massive amounts of FLV were higher when FK-565 1 mg/kg and zidovudine 20 mg/kg were given in combination than when either drug was given alone. Inhibition of FLV splenomegaly was reflected in the prolonged survival time of the infected mice.	0
Abstract2class: Protective effects of immunoactive peptide, FK565 against systemic and local infections with herpes simplex virus and murine cytomegalovirus and respiratory tract infection with influenza virus in mice Abstract: The protective effects of FK565 against systemic infections with herpes simplex virus (HSV) and murine cytomegalovirus (MCMV), respiratory tract infection with influenza virus and zosteriform rash with HSV investigated in mice. FK565 showed excellent protective activities against systemic infections with both acyclovir (ACV)-sensitive and -resistant HSV at intravenous and subcutaneous doses of 0.1 and 1 mg/kg and oral dose of 1 mg/kg. FK565 showed superior protective activities at subcutaneous doses of 0.01 and 0.1 mg/kg compared to ACV at subcutaneous dose of 15 mg/kg against MCMV infection. In respiratory tract infection with influenza virus, FK565 showed potent protective effects at intravenous, subcutaneous and oral doses of 0.001 to 1 mg/kg. FK565 markedly inhibited zosteriform spread of HSV on the flank skin at an intravenous dose of 0.1 mg/kg and the mice given FK565 survived longer than the control mice. The peritoneal exudate cells from FK565-treated mice suppressed the growth of HSV in mouse embryo fibroblast more strongly than those from the control mice, although FK565 had no direct antiviral activity against HSV. These findings suggest that FK565 enhanced the host defense ability against viral infections by nonspecific activation of macrophages.	0
Abstract2class: New alpha-amylase inhibitor, trestatins. II. Structure determination of trestatins A, B and C Abstract: The structures of trestatins A (C56H94N2O40), B (C37H63NO28) and C (C75H125N3O52), new basic oligosaccharides with potent inhibitory activity against various alpha-amylases, have been shown by spectroscopic and chemical methods to be 1, 2 and 3, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: New alpha-amylase inhibitor, trestatins. I. Isolation, characterization and biological activities of trestatins A, B and C Abstract: Trestatin complex which exhibited a potent inhibitory activity on various alpha-amylases has been isolated from the culture filtrate of Streptomyces dimorphogenes nov. sp. NR-320-OM7HB. Three major components, trestatins A, B and C, have been purified by adsorption and ion-exchange chromatography. Their spectral and chemical properties suggested that trestatins were novel basic oligosaccharide homologues each characterized by the possession of a trehalose moiety at the non-reducing end of the molecule.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on cephalosporin antibiotics. II. Synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption of 3-alkoxycarbonylmethoxy-7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(O-substituted oxyimino)-acetamido]cephalosporins Abstract: The synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption in rats of 3-alkoxycarbonyl-methoxy-7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(O-substituted oxyimino)acetamido]cephalosporins (1) are described. In this cephalosporin series, 7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(carboxy-methoxyimino)acetamid o] cephalosporins (1b, 1i and 1j) with a lower alkoxycarbonylmethoxy group at the C-3 position of a cephem nucleus exhibited not only potent activity against Gram-negative bacteria but also good oral absorption in rats. Structure-activity relationships of 1 are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on cephalosporin antibiotics. I. Synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption of new 3-(O-substituted)-7 beta-[D-alpha-amino-alpha-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido]cephalosporins Abstract: The synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption of new 7 beta-[D-alpha-amino-alpha-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido]cephalosporins (1) with various O-substituents at the C-3 position of a cephalosporin nucleus are described. Of these, the cephalosporins (1b-1e) having an alkoxycarbonylmethoxy group at the C-3 position showed good oral absorption in rats as well as potent activity against Gram-positive bacteria. The structure-activity relationships of 1 are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on cephalosporin antibiotics. III. Synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption of new 3-(substituted-alkylthio)-7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2- (carboxymethoxyimino)acetamido]cephalosporins Abstract: The synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption in rats of new 7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(carboxymethoxyimino)ace tamido] cephalosporins (1) having various substituted-alkylthio groups at the C-3 position of the cephem nucleus are described. Of these, the cephalosporins with a cyanomethylthio group (1d) and fluoroethylthio group (1p) at the C-3 position showed a potent in vitro antibacterial activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria as well as good oral absorption in rats. When administered orally to mice infected with Klebsiella pneumoniae, 1d had stronger protective effect than 1p. The structure-activity relationships of 1 are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on cephalosporin antibiotics. IV. Synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption of new 3-(2-substituted-vinylthio)-7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2- (carboxymethoxyimino)acetamido]cephalosporins Abstract: A series of new 7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(carboxymethoxyimino)ace tamido] cephalosporins (1) having various substituted-vinylthio groups at the C-3 position of the cephen nucleus was synthesized and evaluated for antibacterial activity and oral absorption in rats in comparison with cefixime. Of these, the cephalosporins (1a and 1c) with a lower alkoxycarbonylvinylthio group (Z-form) at the C-3 position showed a potent antibacterial activity against Gram-negative bacteria, improved activity against Staphylococcus aureus as well as good oral absorption in rats. The structure-activity relationships of 1 are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on cephalosporin antibiotics. V. Synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral absorption of new 3-[(Z)-2-methoxycarbonylvinylthio]-7 beta- [(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(oxyimino)acetamido]cephalosporins Abstract: A series of new 3-[(Z)-2-methoxycarbonylvinylthio]-7 beta-[(2- aminothiazol-4-yl)acetamido]-cephalosporins (1) having various oxyimino groups (Z-form) at the alpha position of the C-7 side chain was synthesized and evaluated for antibacterial activity and oral absorption in rats. Of these, the cephalosporin (1a) with a hydroxyimino group in the C-7 side chain showed a potent antibacterial activity against Gram-negative bacteria and Gram-positive Staphylococcus aureus as well as good oral absorption in rats. The structure-activity relationships of 1 are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Studies on cephalosporin antibiotics. VI. Synthesis, antibacterial activity and oral efficacy in mice of new 7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(hydroxyimino)-acetamido]-3- (substituted alkylthio)cephalosporins Abstract: A series of new 7 beta-[(Z)-2-(2-aminothiazol-4-yl)-2-(hydroxyimino)acetamido] cephalosporins (1) having various substituted alkylthio groups at the C-3 position of the cephem nucleus were prepared and evaluated for antibacterial activity and oral absorption in rats. Of these, the cephalosporin with a cyanomethylthio group (1a) showed the greatest activity against Staphylococcus aureus and Gram-negative bacteria. Its pivaloyloxymethyl ester (6a), a representative prodrug, exhibited good in vivo efficacy in mice by oral administration. The structure-activity relationships of 1 are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: Fattiviracin A1, a novel antiviral agent produced by Streptomyces microflavus strain No. 2445. II. Biological properties Abstract: Fattiviracin A1, showed potent antiviral activities against herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1), varicella-zoster virus (VZV), influenza A virus and human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1). It showed no cytotoxicity against Vero cells. Fattiviracin A1 exhibited no significant antibacterial or antifungal activities. Treatment of HSV-1 with fattiviracin A1 decreased its infectivity to Vero cells. The mechanism of its antiviral activity may be due to inactivation of the viral particles and inhibition of viral entry into host cells.	0
Abstract2class: The promoter architectural landscape of the Salmonella PhoP regulon Abstract: The DNA-binding protein PhoP controls virulence and Mg²⁺ homeostasis in the Gram-negative pathogen Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium. PhoP regulates expression of a large number of genes that differ both in their ancestry and in the biochemical functions and physiological roles of the encoded products. This suggests that PhoP-regulated genes are differentially expressed. To understand how a bacterial activator might generate varied gene expression behaviour, we investigated the cis-acting promoter features (i.e. the number of PhoP binding sites, as well as their orientation and location with respect to the sites bound by RNA polymerase and the sequences that constitute the PhoP binding sites) in 23 PhoP-activated promoters. Our results show that natural PhoP-activated promoters utilize only a limited number of combinations of cis-acting features--or promoter architectures. We determine that PhoP activates transcription by different mechanisms, and that ancestral and horizontally acquired PhoP-activated genes have distinct promoter architectures.	0
Abstract2class: Recognition of individual genes in a single bacterial cell by fluorescence in situ hybridization--RING-FISH Abstract: Fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) using rRNA targeted oligonucleotide probes is a standard method for identification of microorganisms in environmental samples. Apart from its value as a phylogenetic marker ribosomal RNA has always been the favoured target molecule for FISH because of its abundance in all cells, whereas plasmids and DNA were regarded as unsuitable targets because of their low copy number. Here we present an improved FISH technique, which is based on polynucleotide probes. It goes beyond the detection of high copy intracellular nucleic acids such as rRNA (up to 10(4)-10(5) copies per cell) and allows for the first time the in situ detection of individual genes or gene fragments on plasmids (10(1)-10(3) copies per cell) and chromosomal DNA (<10 copies per cell) in a single cell. Using E. coli as model organism we were able to detect in situ cells harbouring the antibiotic resistance gene beta lactamase on high, medium and low copy plasmids as well as the chromosomal encoded housekeeping gene glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH). Furthermore, we detected the prepilin peptidase gene xpsO in the plant pathogen Xanthomonas campestris in situ. Because of the characteristic hybridization signal obtained with this method--a halo-like, ring-shaped concentration of fluorescence in the cell periphery--we coined the term RING-FISH (recognition of individual genes) to differentiate it from conventional FISH.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of novel hrp-regulated genes through functional genomic analysis of the Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 genome Abstract: Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato (Pst) strain DC3000 infects the model plants Arabidopsis thaliana and tomato, causing disease symptoms characterized by necrotic lesions surrounded by chlorosis. One mechanism used by Pst DC3000 to infect host plants is the type III protein secretion system, which is thought to deliver multiple effector proteins to the plant cell. The exact number of type III effectors in Pst DC3000 or any other plant pathogenic bacterium is not known. All known type III effector genes of P. syringae are regulated by HrpS, an NtrC family protein, and the HrpL alternative sigma factor, which presumably binds to a conserved cis element (called the "hrp box") in the promoters of type III secretion-associated genes. In this study, we designed a search motif based on the promoter sequences conserved in 12 published hrp operons and putative effector genes in Pst DC3000. Seventy-three predicted genes were retrieved from the January 2001 release of the Pst DC3000 genome sequence, which had 95% genome coverage. The expression of the 73 genes was analysed by microarray and Northern blotting, revealing 24 genes/operons (including eight novel genes), the expression of which was consistently higher in hrp-inducing minimal medium than in nutrient-rich Luria-Bertani broth. Expression of all eight genes was dependent on the hrpS gene. Most were also dependent on the hrpL gene, but at least one was dependent on the hrpS gene, but not on the hrpL gene. An AvrRpt2-based type III translocation assay provides evidence that some of the hrpS-regulated novel genes encode putative effector proteins.	0
Abstract2class: The thermostable alpha-L-rhamnosidase RamA of Clostridium stercorarium: biochemical characterization and primary structure of a bacterial alpha-L-rhamnoside hydrolase, a new type of inverting glycoside hydrolase Abstract: An alpha-L-rhamnosidase clone was isolated from a genomic library of the thermophilic anaerobic bacterium Clostridium stercorarium and its primary structure was determined. The recombinant gene product, RamA, was expressed in Escherichia coli, purified to homogeneity and characterized. It is a dimer of two identical subunits with a monomeric molecular mass of 95 kDa in SDS polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. At pH 7.5 it is optimally active at 60 degrees C and insensitive to moderate concentrations of Triton X100, ethanol and EDTA. It hydrolysed p-nitrophenyl-alpha-L-rhamnopyranoside, naringin and hesperidin with a specific activity of 82, 1.5 and 0.46 U mg-1 respectively. Hydrolysis occurs by inversion of the anomeric configuration as detected using 1H-NMR, indicating a single displacement mechanism. Naringin was hydrolysed to rhamnose and prunin, which could further be degraded by incubation with a thermostable beta-glucosidase. The secondary structure of RamA consists of 27% alpha-helices and 50% beta-sheets, as detected by circular dichroism. The primary structure of the ramA gene has no similarity to other glycoside hydrolase sequences and possibly is the first member of a new enzyme family.	0
Abstract2class: The tryptophan aminotransferase Tam1 catalyses the single biosynthetic step for tryptophan-dependent pigment synthesis in Ustilago maydis Abstract: Tryptophan is a precursor for many biologically active secondary metabolites. We have investigated the origin of indole pigments first described in the pityriasis versicolor-associated fungus Malassezia furfur. Some of the identified indole pigments have properties potentially explaining characteristics of the disease. As M. furfur is not amenable to genetic manipulation, we used Ustilago maydis to investigate the pathway leading to pigment production from tryptophan. We show by high-performance liquid chromatography, mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance analysis that the compounds produced by U. maydis include those putatively involved in the etiology of pityriasis versicolor. Using a reverse genetics approach, we demonstrate that the tryptophan aminotransferase Tam1 catalyses pigment biosynthesis by conversion of tryptophan into indolepyruvate. A forward genetics approach led to the identification of mutants incapable of producing the pigments. These mutants were affected in the sir1 gene, presumably encoding a sulphite reductase. In vitro experiments with purified Tam1 showed that 2-oxo 4-methylthio butanoate serves as a substrate linking tryptophan deamination to sulphur metabolism. We provide the first direct evidence that these indole pigments form spontaneously from indolepyruvate and tryptophan without any enzymatic activity. This suggests that compounds with a proposed function in M. furfur-associated disease consist of indolepyruvate-derived spontaneously generated metabolic by-products.	0
Abstract2class: The response regulator PmrA is a major regulator of the icm/dot type IV secretion system in Legionella pneumophila and Coxiella burnetii Abstract: Legionella pneumophila and Coxiella burnetii have been shown to utilize the icm/dot type IV secretion system for pathogenesis and recently a large number of icm/dot-translocated substrates were identified in L. pneumophila. Bioinformatic analysis has revealed that 13 of the genes encoding for L. pneumophila-translocated substrates and five of the C. burnetii icm/dot genes, contain a conserved regulatory element that resembles the target sequence of the PmrA response regulator. Experimental analysis which included the construction of a L. pneumophila pmrA deletion mutant, intracellular growth analysis, comparison of gene expression between L. pneumophila wild type and the pmrA mutant, construction of mutations in the PmrA conserved regulatory element, controlled expression studies as well as mobility shift assays, demonstrated the direct relation between the PmrA regulator and the expression of L. pneumophila icm/dot-translocated substrates and several C. burnetii icm/dot genes. Furthermore, genomic analysis identified 35 L. pneumophila and 68 C. burnetii unique genes that contain the PmrA regulatory element and few of these genes from L. pneumophila were found to be new icm/dot-translocated substrates. Our results establish the PmrA regulator as a fundamental regulator of the icm/dot type IV secretion system in these two bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Shigella flexneri type III secretion system effectors OspB and OspF target the nucleus to downregulate the host inflammatory response via interactions with retinoblastoma protein Abstract: OspF, OspG and IpaH(9.8) are type III secretion system (T3SS) effectors of Shigella flexneri that downregulate the host innate immune response. OspF modifies mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways and polymorphonuclear leucocyte transepithelial migration associated with Shigella invasion. OspF also localizes in the nucleus to mediate chromatin remodelling, resulting in reduced transcription of inflammatory cytokines. We now report that OspB can be added to the set of S. flexneri T3SS effectors required to modulate the innate immune response. T84 cells infected with a Delta ospB mutant resulted in reduced polymorphonuclear leucocyte transepithelial migration and mitogen-activated protein kinase signalling. Tagged versions of OspB localized with endosomes and the nucleus. Further, T84 cells infected with the Delta ospB mutant showed increased levels of secreted IL-8 compared with wild-type infected cells. Both GST-OspB and GST-OspF coprecipitated retinoblastoma protein from host cell lysates. Because Delta ospB and Delta ospF mutants share similar phenotypes, and OspB and OspF share a host binding partner, we propose that OspB and OspF facilitate the remodelling of chromatin via interactions with retinoblastoma protein, resulting in diminished inflammatory cytokine production. The requirement of multiple T3SS effectors to modulate the innate immune response correlates to the complexity of the human immune system.	0
Abstract2class: SseA acts as the chaperone for the SseB component of the Salmonella Pathogenicity Island 2 translocon Abstract: The Salmonella Pathogenicity Island 2 (SPI2) encodes a type III secretion system (TTSS) shown to be critical for adaptation to the intracellular environment within both phagocytic and epithelial cell types. Within SPI2, the Effector region encodes several exported proteins that comprise the SPI2 translocon (SseB, C, D). SseA is the first protein encoded within the Effector region but remains an unclassified factor that is essential for SPI2 function. In the present study, we determined that SseA shares several features with TTSS chaperones: it is small (12.5 kDa), located directly upstream of a TTSS export target (SseB), and contains an amphipathic, C-terminal alpha-helix. Construction and analysis of a DeltasseA mutant demonstrated that the total amount of SseB is significantly reduced and SPI2 export of SseB to the bacterial surface is prevented. SseB accumulation and export were restored when SseA was provided in trans. Loss of SseA does not cause a generalized defect in SPI2 secretory function as export of SseC, encoded downstream of SseB, still occurs in the DeltasseA strain. Quantitative PCR indicates that the loss of SseB in DeltasseA does not occur at the transcriptional level. Co-purification studies demonstrate that SseA directly binds to SseB. Collectively, these results demonstrate that SseA functions as a TTSS chaperone for the SPI2 translocon component, SseB.	0
Abstract2class: Glycan microarray analysis of Candida glabrata adhesin ligand specificity Abstract: The Candida glabrata genome encodes at least 23 members of the EPA (epithelial adhesin) family responsible for mediating adherence to host cells. To better understand the mechanism by which the Epa proteins contribute to pathogenesis, we have used glycan microarray analysis to characterize their carbohydrate-binding specificities. Using Saccharomyces cerevisiae strains surface-expressing the N-terminal ligand-binding domain of the Epa proteins, we found that the three Epa family members functionally identified as adhesins in Candida glabrata (Epa1, Epa6 and Epa7) bind to ligands containing a terminal galactose residue. However, the specificity of the three proteins for glycans within this class varies, with Epa6 having a broader specificity range than Epa1 or Epa7. This result is intriguing given the close homology between Epa6 and Epa7, which are 92% identical at the amino acid level. We have mapped a five-amino-acid region within the N-terminal ligand-binding domain that accounts for the difference in specificity of Epa6 and Epa7 and show that these residues contribute to adherence to both epithelial and endothelial cell lines in vitro.	0
Abstract2class: Chromosomal organization governs the timing of cell type-specific gene expression required for spore formation in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: During the early stages of spore formation in Bacillus subtilis, asymmetric division precedes chromosome segregation, such that the forespore transiently contains only about one-third of the genetic material surrounding the origin of replication. Shortly after septum formation, the transcription factor sigmaF initiates forespore-specific gene expression that is essential for the proteolytic activation of pro-sigmaE in the neighbouring mother cell. Moving the sigmaF-dependent spoIIR gene from its original origin-proximal position to an ectopic origin-distal site caused a delay in spoIIR transcription, as well as delays and reductions in the proteolytic activation of pro-sigmaE and sigmaE-directed gene expression. These defects correlated with the accumulation of disporic sporangia, thus reducing sporulation efficiency in a manner that depended upon the distance that spoIIR had been moved from the origin-proximal third of the chromosome. A significant proportion of disporic sporangia exhibited sigmaE activity in their central compartment, indicating that delays and reductions in sigmaE activation can lead to the formation of a second septum at the opposite pole. These observations support a model in which chromosomal spoIIR position temporally regulates sigmaE activation, thereby allowing for the rapid establishment of mother cell-specific gene expression that is essential for efficient spore formation. The implications of these findings for cell type-specific gene expression during the early stages of spore formation in B. subtilis are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a hormogonium polysaccharide-specific gene set conserved in filamentous cyanobacteria Abstract: Cyanobacteria comprise a phylum defined by the capacity for oxygenic photosynthesis. Members of this phylum are frequently motile as well. Strains that display gliding or twitching motility across semisolid surfaces are powered by a conserved type IV pilus system (T4P). Among the filamentous, heterocyst-forming cyanobacteria, motility is usually confined to specialized filaments known as hormogonia, and requires the deposition of an associated hormogonium polysaccharide (HPS). The genes involved in assembly and export of HPS are largely undefined, and it has been hypothesized that HPS exits the outer membrane via an atypical T4P-driven mechanism. Here, several novel hps loci, primarily encoding glycosyl transferases, are identified. Mutational analysis demonstrates that the majority of these genes are essential for both motility and production of HPS. Notably, most mutant strains accumulate wild-type cellular levels of the major pilin PilA, but not extracellular PilA, indicating dysregulation of the T4P motors, and, therefore, a regulatory interaction between HPS assembly and T4P activity. A co-occurrence analysis of Hps orthologs among cyanobacteria identified an extended set of putative Hps proteins comprising most components of a Wzx/Wzy-type polysaccharide synthesis and export system. This implies that HPS may be secreted through a more canonical pathway, rather than a T4P-mediated mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: The initial step of glycerolipid metabolism in Leishmania major promastigotes involves a single glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase enzyme important for the synthesis of triacylglycerol but not essential for virulence Abstract: The synthesis of the major phospholipids, including those that play an essential role in Leishmania virulence, initiates with the acylation of glycerol-3-phosphate and dihydroxyacetonephosphate at the sn-1 position by glycerol-3-phosphate and dihydroxyacetonephosphate acyltransferases respectively. In this study, we show that Leishmania major promastigotes express a single glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity important for triacylglycerol synthesis but not essential for virulence. The encoding gene, LmGAT, expressed in yeast results in full complementation of the lethality of a mutant, gat1Deltagat2Delta, lacking glycerol-3-phosphate activity. Biochemical analyses revealed that LmGAT is a low-affinity glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase and exhibits higher specific activity with unsaturated long fatty acyl-CoA donors. A L. major null mutant, Deltalmgat/Deltalmgat, was created and a thorough analysis of its lipid composition was performed. Deletion of LmGAT resulted in a complete loss of Leishmania glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase activity and a major reduction in triacylglycerol synthesis. Consistent with the specificity of LmGAT for glycerol-3-phosphate but not dihydroxyacetonephosphate, Deltalmgat/Deltalmgat mutant expressed normal levels of the ether-lipid derivatives and virulence factors, lipophosphoglycan and GPI-anchored proteins, gp63, and its virulence was not affected in mice.	0
Abstract2class: Pore-forming activity is not sufficient for Legionella pneumophila phagosome trafficking and intracellular growth Abstract: Bacterial pathogens often subvert eukaryotic cellular processes in order to establish a replicative niche and evade host immunity. Inhibition of phagosome lysosome fusion is a strategy used by several intracellular bacteria that grow within mammalian cells. It was shown recently that Legionella pneumophila possesses a cytolytic activity that results from the insertion of pores in the macrophage membrane upon contact, and that this activity requires the dot/icm gene products, which are necessary for intracellular growth and phagosome trafficking. Other bacteria that inhibit phagosome lysosome fusion, such as Mycobacterium tuberculosis, demonstrate similar cytolytic activities, which suggests that formation of pores in the phagosome membrane may account for the defects observed in phagosome trafficking. In this study, we identify a new class of L. pneumophila mutant that retains the pore-forming activity found in virulent bacteria, but is defective in phagosome lysosome fusion inhibition and intracellular growth. These data indicate that cytolytic activity is not sufficient for L. pneumophila-induced alterations in phagosome trafficking. Rather, the pore may be a vehicle that facilitates delivery of bacterial-derived effector molecules to the host cell cytoplasm.	0
Abstract2class: A call to order at the spirochaetal host-pathogen interface Abstract: As the Lyme disease spirochaete Borrelia burgdorferi shuttles back and forth between arthropod vector and vertebrate host, it encounters vastly different and hostile environments. Major mechanisms contributing to the success of this pathogen throughout this complex transmission cycle are phase and antigenic variation of abundant and serotype-defining surface lipoproteins. These peripherally membrane-anchored virulence factors mediate niche-specific interactions with vector/host factors and protect the spirochaete from the perils of the mammalian immune response. In this issue of Molecular Microbiology, Tilly, Bestor and Rosa redefine the roles of two lipoproteins, OspC and VlsE, during mammalian infection. Using a variety of promoter fusions in combination with a sensitive in vivo 'use it or lose it' gene complementation assay, the authors demonstrate that proper sequential expression of OspC followed by VlsE indeed matters. A previously suggested general functional redundancy between these and other lipoproteins is shown to be limited and dependent on an immunodeficient experimental setting that is arguably of diminished ecological relevance. These data reinforce the notion that OspC plays a unique role during initial infection while the antigenically variant VlsE proteins allow for persistence in the mammalian host.	0
Abstract2class: A Candida albicans cell wall-linked protein promotes invasive filamentation into semi-solid medium Abstract: Growth of cells in contact with an abiotic or biological surface profoundly affects cellular physiology. In the opportunistic human pathogen, Candida albicans, growth on a semi-solid matrix such as agar results in invasive filamentation, a process in which cells change their morphology to highly elongated filamentous hyphae that grow into the matrix. We hypothesized that a plasma membrane receptor-type protein would sense the presence of matrix and activate a signal transduction cascade, thus promoting invasive filamentation. In this communication, we demonstrate that during growth in contact with a semi-solid surface, activation of a MAP kinase, Cek1p, is promoted, in part, by a plasma membrane protein termed Dfi1p and results in invasive filamentation. A C. albicans mutant lacking Dfi1p showed reduced virulence in a murine model of disseminated candidiasis. Dfi1p is a relatively small, integral membrane protein that localizes to the plasma membrane. Some Dfi1p molecules become cross-linked to the carbohydrate polymers of the cell wall. Thus, Dfi1p is capable of linking the cell wall to the plasma membrane and cytoplasm.	0
Abstract2class: A γ-butyrolactone-sensing activator/repressor, JadR3, controls a regulatory mini-network for jadomycin biosynthesis Abstract: Two regulatory genes, jadR2 and jadR3, in the jadomycin (jad) biosynthetic gene cluster of Streptomyces venezuelae encode homologues of γ-butyrolactone receptor. JadR2 was previously shown to be a pseudo γ-butyrolactone receptor. jadR3 is situated at the upstream of jadW123 encoding putative enzymes for γ-butyrolactone biosynthesis. Disruption of jadR3 resulted in markedly decreased production of jadomycin. Transcriptional analysis revealed that JadR3 represses jadW1, jadR2 and jadR3 but activates jadR1, the key activator gene for jadomycin biosynthesis. DNase I footprinting showed that JadR3 has four binding sites in the intergenic regions of jadR2-jadR1 and jadR3-jadW1. A JadR3 interactive molecule, SVB1, was purified from a large-scale fermentation and its structure found to be the same as SCB3, a γ-butyrolactone from Streptomyces coelicolor, and was absent from a jadW123 mutant lacking jadomycin production. Addition of SVB1 or extract from S. coelicolor to the mutant restored jadomycin production. Overall, our results revealed that the association of JadR3 and SVB1 plays an important role in controlling a regulatory mini-network governing jadomycin biosynthesis, providing new insights into the ways in which γ-butyrolactone/receptor systems modulate antibiotic biosynthesis in Streptomyces.	0
Abstract2class: Candida albicans Cyr1, Cap1 and G-actin form a sensor/effector apparatus for activating cAMP synthesis in hyphal growth Abstract: A key virulence trait of Candida albicans is its ability to undergo the yeast-to-hyphal growth transition in response to environmental signals. This transition critically requires a rapid activation of the adenylyl cyclase Cyr1 to generate a cAMP spike. However, the identity of the signal sensors and mechanisms of signal processing and integration remain largely unclear. Recent evidence suggests that some sensors are embedded in Cyr1 itself. To test this hypothesis, we asked whether purified Cyr1 can respond to hyphal induction. Here, we report that Cyr1 co-purifies with Cap1 and G-actin as a tripartite complex which can increase cAMP synthesis in response to hyphal inducing signals in an actin-dependent manner. Cap1 binds Cyr1 and G-actin through its N- and C-terminus respectively. Deleting the G-actin binding sites or treating the complex with the actin toxin latrunculin A or cytochalasin A inhibits the activation of cAMP synthesis. Strains expressing Cap1 mutants lacking the G-actin binding site are impaired in both cAMP synthesis and hyphal morphogenesis. Thus, our findings reveal an essentially intact sensor/effector apparatus composed of Cyr1, Cap1 and G-actin. Furthermore, G-actin's regulatory role in this apparatus may prove to be the missing link whereby cellular actin status knowingly influences cAMP-mediated cellular processes.	0
Abstract2class: Error-prone initiation factor 2 mutations reduce the fitness cost of antibiotic resistance Abstract: Mutations in the fmt gene (encoding formyl methionine transferase) that eliminate formylation of initiator tRNA (Met-tRNA(i)) confer resistance to the novel antibiotic class of peptide deformylase inhibitors (PDFIs) while concomitantly reducing bacterial fitness. Here we show in Salmonella typhimurium that novel mutations in initiation factor 2 (IF2) located outside the initiator tRNA binding domain can partly restore fitness of fmt mutants without loss of antibiotic resistance. Analysis of initiation of protein synthesis in vitro showed that with non-formylated Met-tRNA(i) IF2 mutants initiated much faster than wild-type IF2, whereas with formylated fMet-tRNA(i) the initiation rates were similar. Moreover, the increase in initiation rates with Met-tRNA(i) conferred by IF2 mutations in vitro correlated well with the increase in growth rate conferred by the same mutations in vivo, suggesting that the mutations in IF2 compensate formylation deficiency by increasing the rate of in vivo initiation with Met-tRNA(i). IF2 mutants had also a high propensity for erroneous initiation with elongator tRNAs in vitro, which could account for their reduced fitness in vivo in a formylation-proficient strain. More generally, our results suggest that bacterial protein synthesis is mRNA-limited and that compensatory mutations in IF2 could increase the persistence of PDFI-resistant bacteria in clinical settings.	0
Abstract2class: A camel passes through the eye of a needle: protein unfolding activity of Clp ATPases Abstract: Clp ATPases are protein machines involved in protein degradation and disaggregation. The common structural feature of Clp ATPases is the formation of ring-shaped oligomers. Recent work has shown that the function of all Clp ATPases is based on an energy-dependent threading of substrates through the narrow pore at the centre of the ring. This review gives an outline of known mechanistic principles of threading machines that unfold protein substrates either before their degradation (ClpA, ClpX, HslU) or during their reactivation from aggregates (ClpB). The place of Clp ATPases within a broad AAA+ superfamily of ATPases associated with various cellular activities suggests that similar mechanisms can be used by other protein machines to induce conformational rearrangements in a wide variety of substrates.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a system required for the functional surface localization of sugar binding proteins with class III signal peptides in Sulfolobus solfataricus Abstract: The hyperthermophilic archaeon Sulfolobus solfataricus contains an unusual large number of sugar binding proteins that are synthesized as precursors with a class III signal peptide. Such signal peptides are commonly used to direct archaeal flagellin subunits or bacterial (pseudo)pilins into extracellular macromolecular surface appendages. Likewise, S. solfataricus binding proteins have been suggested to assemble in higher ordered surface structures as well, tentatively termed the bindosome. Here we show that S. solfataricus contains a specific system that is needed for the functional surface localization of sugar binding proteins. This system, encoded by the bas (bindosome assembly system) operon, is composed of five proteins: basABC, three homologues of so-called bacterial (pseudo)pilins; BasE, a cytoplasmic ATPase; and BasF, an integral membrane protein. Deletion of either the three (pseudo)pilin genes or the basEF genes resulted in a severe defect of the cells to grow on substrates which are transported by sugar binding proteins containing class III signal peptides, while growth on glucose and maltose was restored when the corresponding genes were reintroduced in these cells. Concomitantly, DeltabasABC and DeltabasEF cells were severely impaired in glucose uptake even though the sugar binding proteins were normally secreted across the cytoplasmic membrane. These data underline the hypothesis that the bas operon is involved in the functional localization of sugar binding proteins at the cell surface of S. solfataricus. In contrast to surface structure assembly systems of Gram-negative bacteria, the bas operon seems to resemble an ancestral simplified form of these machineries.	0
Abstract2class: The multicellular morphotypes of Salmonella typhimurium and Escherichia coli produce cellulose as the second component of the extracellular matrix Abstract: Production of cellulose has been thought to be restricted to a few bacterial species such as the model organism Acetobacter xylinus. We show by enzymatic analysis and mass spectrometry that, besides thin aggregative fimbriae, the second component of the extracellular matrix of the multicellular morphotype (rdar) of Salmonella typhimurium and Escherichia coli is cellulose. The bcsA, bcsB, bcsZ and bcsC genes responsible for cellulose biosynthesis are not regulated by AgfD, the positive transcriptional regulator of the rdar morphotype. Transcription of the bcs genes was not co-expressed with the rdar morphotype under any of the environmental conditions examined. However, cellulose biosynthesis was turned on by the sole expression of adrA, a gene encoding a putative transmembrane protein regulated by agfD, indicating a novel pathway for the activation of cellulose synthesis. The co-expression of cellulose and thin aggregative fimbriae leads to the formation of a highly hydrophobic network with tightly packed cells aligned in parallel in a rigid matrix. As the production of cellulose would now appear to be a property widely distributed among bacteria, the function of the cellulose polymer in bacteria will have to be considered in a new light.	0
Abstract2class: A microbial world within us Abstract: The microbial world within us includes a vast array of gastrointestinal (GI) tract communities that play an important role in health and disease. Significant progress has been made in recent years in describing the intestinal microbial composition based on the application of 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA)-based approaches. These were not only instrumental in providing a phylogenetic framework of the more than 1000 different intestinal species but also illustrated the temporal and spatial diversity of the microbial GI tract composition that is host-specific and affected by the genotype. However, our knowledge of the molecular and cellular bases of host-microbe interactions in the GI tract is still very limited. Here an overview is presented of the most recent developments and applications of novel culture-independent approaches that promise to unravel the mechanisms of GI tract functionality and subsequent possibilities to exploit specifically these mechanisms in order to improve gut health.	0
Abstract2class: The zinc cluster transcription factor Tac1p regulates PDR16 expression in Candida albicans Abstract: The Candida albicans PDR16 gene, encoding a putative phosphatidylinositol transfer protein, is co-induced with the multidrug transporter genes CDR1 and CDR2 in azole-resistant (A(R)) clinical isolates and upon fluphenazine exposure of azole-susceptible (A(S)) cells, suggesting that it is regulated by Tac1p, the transcriptional activator of CDR genes. Deleting TAC1 in an A(R) isolate (5674) overexpressing PDR16, CDR1 and CDR2 decreased the expression of the three genes and fluconazole resistance to levels similar to those detected in the matched A(S) isolate (5457), demonstrating that Tac1p is responsible for PDR16 upregulation in that strain. Deleting TAC1 in the A(S) strain SC5314 abolished CDR2 induction by fluphenazine and decreased that of PDR16 and CDR1, uncovering the participation of an additional factor in the regulation of PDR16 and CDR1 expression. Sequencing of the TAC1 alleles identified one homozygous mutation in strain 5674, an Asn to Asp substitution at position 972 in the C-terminus of Tac1p. Introduction of the Asp(972) allele in a tac1Delta/Delta mutant caused high levels of fluconazole resistance and TAC1, PDR16, CDR1 and CDR2 constitutive induction. These results demonstrate that: (i) Tac1p controls PDR16 expression; (ii) Asn(972) to Asp(972) is a gain-of-function mutation; and (iii) Tac1p is positively autoregulated, directly or indirectly.	0
Abstract2class: The N-terminal region of the Neurospora NDR kinase COT1 regulates morphology via its interactions with MOB2A/B Abstract: Nuclear Dbf2p-related (NDR) protein kinases are important for cell differentiation and polar morphogenesis in various organisms, yet some of their functions are still elusive. Dysfunction of the Neurospora crassa NDR kinase COT1 leads to cessation of tip extension and hyperbranching. NDR kinases require the physical interaction between the kinase's N-terminal region (NTR) and the MPS1-binding (MOB) proteins for their activity and functions. To study the interactions between COT1 and MOB2 proteins, we mutated several conserved residues and a novel phosphorylation site within the COT1 NTR. The phenotypes of these mutants suggest that the NTR is required for COT1 functions in regulating hyphal elongation and branching, asexual conidiation and germination. Interestingly, while both MOB2A and MOB2B promote proper hyphal growth, they have distinct COT1-dependent roles in regulation of macroconidiation. Immunoprecipitation experiments indicate physical association of COT1 with both MOB2A and MOB2B, simultaneously. Furthermore, the binding of the two MOB2 proteins to COT1 is mediated by different residues at the COT1 NTR, suggesting a hetero-trimer is formed. Thus, although MOB2A/B may have some overlapping functions in regulating hyphal tip extension, their function is not redundant and they are both required for proper fungal development.	0
Abstract2class: Cell elongation and branching are regulated by differential phosphorylation states of the nuclear Dbf2-related kinase COT1 in Neurospora crassa Abstract: Dysfunction of the Neurospora crassa nuclear Dbf2-related kinase COT1 leads to cessation of tip extension and massive induction of new sites of growth. To determine the role phosphorylation plays in COT1 function, we mutated COT1 residues corresponding to positions of highly conserved nuclear Dbf2-related phosphorylation sites. Analyses of the point-mutation cot-1 strains (mimicking non- and constitutively phosphorylated states) indicate the involvement of COT1 phosphorylation in the regulation of hyphal elongation and branching as well as asexual development by altering cell wall integrity and actin organization. Phosphorylation of COT1's activation segment (at Ser417) is required for proper in vitro kinase activity, but has only a limited effect on hyphal growth. In marked contrast, even though phosphorylation of the C-terminal hydrophobic motif (at Thr589) is crucial for all COT1 functions in vivo, the lack of Thr589 phosphorylation did not significantly affect in vitro COT1 kinase activity. Nevertheless, its regulatory role has been made evident by the significant increase observed in COT1 kinase activity when this residue was substituted in a manner mimicking constitutive phosphorylation. We conclude that COT1 regulates elongation and branching in an independent manner, which is determined by its phosphorylation state.	0
Abstract2class: Rapamycin-mediated G1 arrest involves regulation of the Cdk inhibitor Sic1 in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: The rapamycin-sensitive (TOR) signalling pathway in Saccharomyces cerevisiae controls growth and cell proliferation in response to nutrient availability. Rapamycin treatment causes cells to arrest growth in G1 phase. The mechanism by which the inhibition of the TOR pathway regulates cell cycle progression is not completely understood. Here we show that rapamycin causes G1 arrest by a dual mechanism that comprises downregulation of the G1-cyclins Cln1-3 and upregulation of the Cdk inhibitor protein Sic1. The increase of Sic1 level is mostly independent of the downregulation of the G1 cyclins, being unaffected by ectopic CLN2 expression, but requires Sic1 phosphorylation of Thr173, because it is lost in cells expressing Sic1(T173A). Rapamycin-mediated Sic1 upregulation involves nuclear accumulation of a more stable, non-ubiquitinated protein. Either SIC1 deletion or CLN3 overexpression results in non-cell-cycle-specific arrest upon rapamycin treatment and makes cells sensitive to a sublethal dose of rapamycin and to nutrient starvation. In conclusion, our data indicate that Sic1 is involved in rapamycin-induced G1 arrest and that deregulated entrance into S phase severely decreases the ability of a cell to cope with starvation conditions induced by nutrient depletion or which are mimicked by rapamycin treatment.	0
Abstract2class: The role of heterologous receptors in McpB-mediated signalling in Bacillus subtilis chemotaxis Abstract: Asparagine chemotaxis in Bacillus subtilis appears to involve two partially redundant adaptation mechanisms: a receptor methylation-independent process that operates at low attractant concentrations and a receptor methylation-dependent process that is required for optimal responses to high concentrations. In order to elucidate these processes, chemotactic responses were assessed for strains expressing methylation-defective mutations in the asparagine receptor, McpB, in which all 10 putative receptors (10del), five receptors (5del) or only the native copy of mcpB were deleted. This was done in both the presence and the absence of the methylesterase CheB. We found that: (i) only responses to high concentrations of asparagine were impaired; (ii) the presence of all heterologous receptors fully compensated for this defect, whereas responses progressively worsened as more receptors were taken away; (iii) methyl-group turnover occurred on heterologous receptors after the addition of asparagine, and these methylation changes were required for the restoration of normal swimming behaviour; (iv) in the absence of the methyleste-rase, the presence of heterologous receptors in some cases caused impaired chemotaxis; and (v) either a certain threshold number of receptors must be present to promote basal CheA activity, or one or more of the receptors missing in the 10del background (but present in the 5del background) is required for establishing basal CheA activity. Taken together, these findings suggest that many or all chemoreceptors work as an ensemble that constitutes a robust chemotaxis system. We propose that the ability of non-McpB receptors to compensate for the methylation-defective McpB mutations involves lateral transmission of the adapted conformational change across the ensemble.	0
Abstract2class: Genome and proteome of Listeria monocytogenes phage PSA: an unusual case for programmed + 1 translational frameshifting in structural protein synthesis Abstract: PSA is a temperate phage isolated from Listeria monocytogenes strain Scott A. We report its complete nucleotide sequence, which consists of a linear 37 618 bp DNA featuring invariable, 3'-protruding single stranded (cohesive) ends of 10 nucleotides. The physical characteristics were confirmed by partial denaturation mapping and electron microscopy of DNA molecules. Fifty-seven open reading frames were identified on the PSA genome, which are apparently organized into three major transcriptional units, in a life cycle-specific order. Functional assignments could be made to 33 gene products, including structural proteins, lysis components, DNA packaging proteins, lysogeny control functions and replication proteins. Bioinformatics demonstrated relatedness of PSA to phages infecting lactic acid bacteria and other low G + C Gram-positives, but revealed only few similarities to Listeria phage A118. Virion proteins were analysed by amino acid sequencing and mass spectrometry, which enabled identification of major capsid and tail proteins, a tape measure and a putative portal. These analyses also revealed an unusual form of translational frameshifting, which occurs during decoding of the mRNAs specifying the two major structural proteins. Frameshifting yields different length forms of Cps (gp5) and Tsh (gp10), featuring identical N-termini but different C-termini. Matrix-assisted laser-desorption ionization mass spectrometry (MALDI-MS) and electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS) of tryptic peptide fragments was used to identify the modified C-termini of the longer protein species, by demonstration of specific sequences resulting from + 1 programmed translational frameshifting. A slippery sequence with overlapping proline codons near the 3' ends of both genes apparently redirects the ribosomes and initiates the recoding event. Two different cis-acting factors, a shifty stop and a pseudoknot, presumably stimulate frameshifting efficiency. PSA represents the first case of + 1 frameshifting among dsDNA phages, and appears to be the first example of a virus utilizing a 3' pseudoknot to stimulate such an event.	0
Abstract2class: Ureaplasma antigenic variation beyond MBA phase variation: DNA inversions generating chimeric structures and switching in expression of the MBA N-terminal paralogue UU172 Abstract: Phase variation of the major ureaplasma surface membrane protein, the multiple-banded antigen (MBA), with its counterpart, the UU376 protein, was recently discussed as a result of DNA inversion occurring at specific inverted repeats. Two similar inverted repeats to the ones within the mba locus were found in the genome of Ureaplasma parvum serovar 3; one within the MBA N-terminal paralogue UU172 and another in the adjacent intergenic spacer region. In this report, we demonstrate on both genomic and protein level that DNA inversion at these inverted repeats leads to alternating expression between UU172 and the neighbouring conserved hypothetical ORF UU171. Sequence analysis of this phase-variable 'UU172 element' from both U. parvum and U. urealyticum strains revealed that it is highly conserved among both species and that it also includes the orthologue of UU144. A third inverted repeat region in UU144 is proposed to serve as an additional potential inversion site from which chimeric genes can evolve. Our results indicate that site-specific recombination events in the genome of U. parvum serovar 3 are dynamic and frequent, leading to a broad spectrum of antigenic variation by which the organism may evade host immune responses.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of the expression of gas vesicle genes in Haloferax mediterranei: interaction of the two regulatory proteins GvpD and GvpE Abstract: The gas vesicle formation in Haloferax mediterranei occurs in the stationary growth phase and involves the 14 genes mc-gvpACNO and mc-gvpDEFGHIJKLM. The appearance of the two regulatory proteins GvpD and GvpE, and also of GvpF, was investigated during the growth of H. mediterranei. GvpD was only found during the stationary growth phase, GvpE was present from the late exponential to stationary growth phase, and GvpF was present only during the exponential growth, although the three genes were co-transcribed. The impact of GvpD and GvpE on the activity of the promoter of the mc-gvpACNO gene cluster encoding the gas vesicle structural proteins was analysed in H. volcanii transformants containing the mc-gvpA gene or a fusion of the mcA promoter with the bgaH reading frame encoding a halobacterial beta-galactosidase as reporter. The experiments proved that GvpE is a transcriptional activator, whereas GvpD is involved in the repression. Protein-protein affinity chromatography was used to search for putative binding partners of GvpD and GvpE. Both proteins were synthesized in Escherichia coli as his-tagged proteins, isolated under denaturing conditions and refolded by dialysis against buffers containing decreasing urea and increasing KCl concentrations up to 2.5 M. The Ni-NTA matrix tagged with GvpD-his or GvpE-his was incubated with soluble proteins of gas vesicle producing H. mediterranei cells. A 21 kDa protein was purified using the matrix tagged with GvpD-his which proved to be GvpE by Western analysis. Vice versa, GvpD was purified using the GvpE-his-Ni-NTA matrix. These results strongly suggested that GvpD and GvpE were able to interact and might constitute a regulatory system.	0
Abstract2class: RNA-guided nucleotide modification of ribosomal and non-ribosomal RNAs in Archaea Abstract: Archaea use ribonucleoprotein (RNP) machines similar to those found in the eukaryotic nucleolus to methylate ribose residues in nascent ribosomal RNA. The archaeal complex required for this 2'-O-ribose-methylation consists of the C/D box sRNA guide and three proteins, the core RNA-binding aL7a protein, the aNop56 protein and the methyltransferase aFib protein. These RNP machines were reconstituted in vitro from purified recombinant components, and shown to have methylation activity when provided with a simple target oligonucleotide, complementary to the sRNA guide sequence. To obtain a better understanding of the versatility and specificity of this reaction, the activity of reconstituted particles on more complex target substrates, including 5S RNA, tRNA(Gln) and 'double target' oligonucleotides that exhibit either direct or reverse complementarity to both the D' and D box guides, has been examined. The natural 5S and tRNA(Gln) substrates were efficiently methylated in vitro, as long as the complementarity between guide and target was about 10 base pairs in length, and lacked mismatches. Maximal activity of double guide sRNAs required that both methylation sites be present in cis on the target RNA.	0
Abstract2class: LytM factors affect the recruitment of autolysins to the cell division site in Caulobacter crescentus Abstract: Most bacteria possess a peptidoglycan cell wall that determines their morphology and provides mechanical robustness during osmotic challenges. The biosynthesis of this structure is achieved by a large set of synthetic and lytic enzymes with varying substrate specificities. Although the biochemical functions of these proteins are conserved and well-investigated, the precise roles of individual factors and the regulatory mechanisms coordinating their activities in time and space remain incompletely understood. Here, we comprehensively analyze the autolytic machinery of the alphaproteobacterial model organism Caulobacter crescentus, with a specific focus on LytM-like endopeptidases, soluble lytic transglycosylases and amidases. Our data reveal a high degree of redundancy within each protein family but also specialized functions for individual family members under stress conditions. In addition, we identify two lytic transglycosylases and an amidase as new divisome components that are recruited to midcell at distinct stages of the cell cycle. The midcell localization of these proteins is affected by two LytM factors with degenerate catalytic domains, DipM and LdpF, which may serve as regulatory hubs coordinating the activities of multiple autolytic enzymes during cell constriction and fission respectively. These findings set the stage for in-depth studies of the molecular mechanisms that control peptidoglycan remodeling in C. crescentus.	0
Abstract2class: sarA-mediated repression of protease production plays a key role in the pathogenesis of Staphylococcus aureus USA300 isolates Abstract: Mutation of staphylococcal accessory regulator (sarA) results in increased production of extracellular proteases in Staphylococcus aureus, which has been correlated with decreased biofilm formation and decreased accumulation of extracellular toxins. We used murine models of implant-associated biofilm infection and S. aureus bacteraemia (SAB) to compare virulence of USA300 strain LAC, its isogenic sarA mutant, and derivatives of each of these strains with mutations in all 10 of the genes encoding recognized extracellular proteases. The sarA mutant was attenuated in both models, and this was reversed by eliminating production of extracellular proteases. To examine the mechanistic basis, we identified proteins impacted by sarA in a protease-dependent manner. We identified 253 proteins where accumulation was reduced in the sarA mutant compared with the parent strain, and was restored in the sarA/protease mutant. Additionally, in SAB, the LAC protease mutant exhibited a hypervirulent phenotype by comparison with the isogenic parent strain, demonstrating that sarA also positively regulates production of virulence factors, some of which are subject to protease-mediated degradation. We propose a model in which attenuation of sarA mutants is defined by their inability to produce critical factors and simultaneously repress production of extracellular proteases that would otherwise limit accumulation of virulence factors.	0
Abstract2class: Functional characterization of the ferroxidase, permease high-affinity iron transport complex from Candida albicans Abstract: Saccharomyces cerevisiae expresses two proteins that together support high-affinity Fe-uptake. These are a multicopper oxidase, Fet3p, with specificity towards Fe²⁺ and a ferric iron permease, Ftr1p, which supports Fe-accumulation. Homologues of the genes encoding these two proteins are found in all fungal genomes including those for the pathogens, Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans. At least one of these loci represents a virulence factor for each pathogen suggesting that this complex would be an appropriate pharmacologic target. However, the mechanism by which this protein pair supports Fe-uptake in any fungal pathogen has not been elucidated. Taking advantage of the robust molecular genetics available in S. cerevisiae, we identify the two of five candidate ferroxidases likely involved in high-affinity Fe-uptake in C. albicans, Fet31 and Fet34. Both localize to the yeast plasma membrane and both support Fe-uptake along with an Ftr1 protein, either from C. albicans or from S. cerevisiae. We express and characterize Fet34, demonstrating that it is functionally homologous to ScFet3p. Using S. cerevisiae as host for the functional expression of the C. albicans Fe-uptake proteins, we demonstrate that they support a mechanism of Fe-trafficking that involves channelling of the CaFet34-generated Fe³⁺ directly to CaFtr1 for transport into the cytoplasm.	0
Abstract2class: The BCCT family of carriers: from physiology to crystal structure Abstract: Increases in the environmental osmolarity are key determinants for the growth of microorganisms. To ensure a physiologically acceptable level of cellular hydration and turgor at high osmolarity, many bacteria accumulate compatible solutes. Osmotically controlled uptake systems allow the scavenging of these compounds from scarce environmental sources as effective osmoprotectants. A number of these systems belong to the BCCT family (betaine-choline-carnitine-transporter), sodium- or proton-coupled transporters (e.g. BetP and BetT respectively) that are ubiquitous in microorganisms. The BCCT family also contains CaiT, an L-carnitine/γ-butyrobetaine antiporter that is not involved in osmotic stress responses. The glycine betaine transporter BetP from Corynebacterium glutamicum is a representative for osmoregulated symporters of the BCCT family and functions both as an osmosensor and osmoregulator. The crystal structure of BetP in an occluded conformation in complex with its substrate glycine betaine and two crystal structures of CaiT in an inward-facing open conformation in complex with L-carnitine and γ-butyrobetaine were reported recently. These structures and the wealth of biochemical data on the activity control of BetP in response to osmotic stress enable a correlation between the sensing of osmotic stress by a transporter protein with the ensuing regulation of transport activity. Molecular determinants governing the high-affinity binding of the compatible solutes by BetP and CaiT, the coupling in symporters and antiporters, and the osmoregulatory properties are discussed in detail for BetP and various BCCT carriers.	0
Abstract2class: A novel mechanism of phase variation of virulence in Staphylococcus epidermidis: evidence for control of the polysaccharide intercellular adhesin synthesis by alternating insertion and excision of the insertion sequence element IS256 Abstract: Biofilm formation of Staphylococcus epidermidis on smooth polymer surfaces has been shown to be mediated by the ica operon. Upon activation of this operon, a polysaccharide intercellular adhesin (PIA) is synthesized that supports bacterial cell-to-cell contacts and triggers the production of thick, multilayered biofilms. Thus, the ica gene cluster represents a genetic determinant that significantly contributes to the virulence of specific Staphylococcus epidermidis strains. PIA synthesis has been reported recently to undergo a phase variation process. In this study, biofilm-forming Staphylococcus epidermidis strains and their PIA-negative phase variants were analysed genetically to investigate the molecular mechanisms of phase variation. We have characterized biofilm-negative variants by Southern hybridization with ica-specific probes, polymerase chain reaction and nucleotide sequencing. The data obtained in these analyses suggested that in approximately 30% of the variants the missing biofilm formation was due to the inactivation of either the icaA or the icaC gene by the insertion of the insertion sequence element IS256. Furthermore, it was shown that the transposition of IS256 into the ica operon is a reversible process. After repeated passages of the PIA-negative insertional mutants, the biofilm-forming phenotype could be restored. Nucleotide sequence analyses of the revertants confirmed the complete excision of IS256, including the initially duplicated 8 bp target sites. These results elucidate, for the first time, a molecular mechanism mediating phase variation in staphylcocci, and they demonstrate that a naturally occurring insertion sequence element is actively involved in the modulation of expression of a Staphylococcus virulence factor.	0
Abstract2class: Ras1 and Ras2 play antagonistic roles in regulating cellular cAMP level, stationary-phase entry and stress response in Candida albicans Abstract: The GTPase Ras1 activates the yeast-to-hypha transition in Candida albicans by activating cAMP synthesis. Here, we have characterized Ras2. Ras2 belongs to a group of atypical Ras proteins in some fungal species that share poor identity with other Ras GTPases with many variations in conserved motifs thought to be crucial for Ras-associated activities. We find that recombinant Ras2 is enzymatically as active as Ras1. However, only RAS1 can rescue the lethality of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae ras1 ras2 mutant, suggesting functional divergence of the two genes. ras2Delta is normal in hyphal growth, but deleting RAS2 in the ras1Delta background greatly aggravates the hyphal defect, indicating that Ras2 also has a role in hyphal development. Strikingly, while RAS1 deletion causes a approximately 20-fold decrease in cellular cAMP, further deletion of RAS2 restores it to approximately 30% of the wild-type level. Consistently, while the ras1Delta mutant enters the stationary phase prematurely, the double mutant does so normally. Moreover, ras1Delta cells exhibit increased resistance to H(2)O(2) and higher sensitivity to the heavy metal Co(2+), whereas ras2Delta cells show the opposite phenotypes. Together, our data reveal a novel regulatory mechanism by which two antagonizing Ras GTPases balance each other in regulating multiple cellular processes in C. albicans.	0
Abstract2class: The role of +TIPs in directional tip expansion Abstract: Aspergillus nidulans is an ideal model to study nuclear migration and intracellular transport by dynein and kinesin owing to its long neuron-like hyphae, conserved transport mechanisms, and powerful genetics. In this organism, as in other filamentous fungi, microtubules have been implicated in patterning cell shape through polarized tip growth - the hallmark mode of growth that generates the elongated hyphae. Exactly how microtubules regulate tip growth is incompletely understood and remains a fascinating question for various cell types, such as pollen tubes and root hairs. Zeng et al. (2014) describe important new findings in A. nidulans regarding the role of EBA, the master regulator of microtubule plus end-tracking proteins, in specifying microtubule dynamics required for directional tip growth at the hyphal tip.	0
Abstract2class: Cyclic-di-AMP synthesis by the diadenylate cyclase CdaA is modulated by the peptidoglycan biosynthesis enzyme GlmM in Lactococcus lactis Abstract: The second messenger cyclic-di-adenosine monophosphate (c-di-AMP) plays important roles in growth, virulence, cell wall homeostasis, potassium transport and affects resistance to antibiotics, heat and osmotic stress. Most Firmicutes contain only one c-di-AMP synthesizing diadenylate cyclase (CdaA); however, little is known about signals and effectors controlling CdaA activity and c-di-AMP levels. In this study, a genetic screen was employed to identify components which affect the c-di-AMP level in Lactococcus. We characterized suppressor mutations that restored osmoresistance to spontaneous c-di-AMP phosphodiesterase gdpP mutants, which contain high c-di-AMP levels. Loss-of-function and gain-of-function mutations were identified in the cdaA and gdpP genes, respectively, which led to lower c-di-AMP levels. A mutation was also identified in the phosphoglucosamine mutase gene glmM, which is commonly located within the cdaA operon in bacteria. The glmM I154F mutation resulted in a lowering of the c-di-AMP level and a reduction in the key peptidoglycan precursor UDP-N-acetylglucosamine in L. lactis. C-di-AMP synthesis by CdaA was shown to be inhibited by GlmM(I154F) more than GlmM and GlmM(I154F) was found to bind more strongly to CdaA than GlmM. These findings identify GlmM as a c-di-AMP level modulating protein and provide a direct connection between c-di-AMP synthesis and peptidoglycan biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: The role of the G2 box, a conserved motif in the histidine kinase superfamily, in modulating the function of EnvZ Abstract: Histidine kinase EnvZ, a transmembrane osmotic sensor for Escherichia coli, is a bifunctional enzyme having OmpR (its cognate response regulator) kinase and phosphorylated OmpR (OmpR-P) phosphatase activities. Its cytoplasmic domain consists of domain A responsible for dimerization of EnvZ, histidine phosphotransfer and phosphatase activities, and domain B responsible for ATP binding. Here, we have constructed a number of substitution mutations at the G2 box, one of the conserved motifs in domain B, and demonstrated that they influence the phosphatase activity of EnvZ over a wide range. The effects of ADP, a cofactor for the phosphatase activity, were found to be substantially different depending upon the mutations. The effects of these mutations were also examined in vivo using a chimeric Tar-EnvZ construct (Taz1-1), and the results agreed with the in vitro data for the phosphatase and kinase activities for all mutations. Using Taz1-1 carrying the T402A mutation, three independent intragenic suppressor mutations (T235M, S269L and E276K) were isolated, and all were found in domain A. Together, the present results demonstrate for the first time that domain A and domain B are functionally co-ordinated and topologically arranged in a specific manner. The G2 box may modulate the interaction between these two domains in response to extracellular osmolarity.	0
Abstract2class: The developmental regulator MtrA binds GlnR boxes and represses nitrogen metabolism genes in Streptomyces coelicolor Abstract: In Streptomyces, GlnR is an activator protein that activates nitrogen-assimilation genes under nitrogen-limiting conditions. However, less is known regarding the regulation of these genes under nitrogen-rich conditions. We determined that the developmental regulator MtrA represses nitrogen-assimilation genes in nitrogen-rich media and that it competes with GlnR for binding to GlnR boxes. The GlnR boxes upstream of multiple nitrogen genes, such as amtB, were confirmed as MtrA binding sites in vitro by electrophoretic mobility shift assays and in vivo by ChIP-qPCR analysis. Transcriptional analysis indicated that, on nutrient-rich medium, MtrA profoundly repressed expression of nitrogen-associated genes, indicating opposing roles for MtrA and GlnR in the control of nitrogen metabolism. Using in vitro and in vivo analysis, we also showed that glnR is itself a direct target of MtrA and that MtrA represses glnR transcription. We further demonstrated functional conservation of MtrA homologues in the recognition of GlnR boxes upstream of nitrogen genes from different actinobacterial species. As mtrA and glnR are widespread among actinomycetes, this mechanism of potential competitive control over nitrogen metabolism genes may be common in this group, adding a major new layer of complexity to the known regulatory network for nitrogen metabolism in Streptomyces and related species.	0
Abstract2class: A CLC-type chloride channel gene is required for laccase activity and virulence in Cryptococcus neoformans Abstract: Laccase is a major virulence factor required for infection caused by the human pathogenic yeast Cryptococcus neoformans. However, cellular processes involved in the regulation and expression of laccase remain largely unknown in C. neoformans. Here we report the identification of a chloride channel gene CLC-A which is essential for laccase activity in C. neoformans. CLC-A shares homology to CLC-type voltage-gated chloride channels from other organisms; for example, 63% homology to GEF1, a chloride channel gene from Saccharomyces cerevisiae. A clc-a mutant, Mlac3, generated by insertional mutagenesis as well as a targeted Deltaclc-a mutant produced undetectable laccase in a liquid assay and produced no melanin on asparagine agar containing norepinephrine. Mlac3 was complemented with wild-type CLC-A which restored laccase activity and melanin biosynthesis. The clc-a mutants also showed reduced synthesis of another important virulence factor, capsule, and showed reduced growth at elevated pH. In addition, the clc-a mutation resulted in attenuated virulence in a mouse cryptococcosis model that was restored by complementation with wild-type CLC-A, indicating that the chloride channel plays an important role in the virulence of the organism. Further analysis revealed that the basis for absent laccase expression in the clc-a mutant was a laccase transcriptional defect that could be restored by adding exogenous copper. In conclusion, our findings show that CLC-A plays a role in the expression of two important virulence factors, capsule and laccase expression, which are required for virulence of the fungal pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: Copper-mediated reversal of defective laccase in a Deltavph1 avirulent mutant of Cryptococcus neoformans Abstract: Previous studies have shown that a Deltavph1 Cryptococcus neoformans mutant defective in vesicular acidification lacked several important virulence factors including a copper-containing laccase and was avirulent in a mouse model. In the present studies, we characterized laccase transcription and protein production to obtain insights into the mechanism of the vph1 mutation in this pathogen. Although transcription and protein expression were somewhat reduced, laccase protein was found to be successfully translated and correctly targeted to the cell wall in the Deltavph1 mutant as shown by Western blot and immuno-electron microscopy, despite a complete lack of laccase activity. Laccase activity was substantially restored in metabolically active Deltavph1 cells at 30 degrees C by addition of 100 micro M copper sulphate. This restoration by copper was found to occur through both transcriptional and post-translational mechanisms. Laccase transcriptional induction by copper was found to be dependent on enhancer region II within the 5'-untranslated region of CNLAC1. Copper was also found to restore partial activity to Deltavph1 cells at 0 degrees C, suggesting that cell wall laccase was expressed in the mutant as an apo-enzyme. Apo-laccase restoration by copper was found to be facilitated by an acidic environment, consistent with a role for the vacuolar (H+)-ATPase proton pump in copper assembly of laccase in C. neoformans.	0
Abstract2class: Bre1 and Ubp8 regulate H2B mono-ubiquitination and the reversible yeast-hyphae transition in Candida albicans Abstract: The reversible yeast-hyphae transition of the human fungal pathogen Candida albicans is tightly linked to its pathogenicity. In this study, we show that histone H2B mono-ubiquitination (H2Bub) at lysine 123 was maintained at a low level in the yeast state, whereas it increased significantly during yeast-to-hyphae transition and decreased when hyphae converted to yeast. The increased H2Bub level is correlated with activation of the hyphal program. H2B ubiquitination and deubiquitination are dynamically regulated by the E3 ligase Bre1 and the deubiquitinase Ubp8 during the reversible yeast-hyphae transition. The functions of Bre1 and Ubp8 in hypha-specific gene (HSG) regulation appears to be direct because both are recruited to the coding regions of HSGs during hyphal induction. The sequential recruitment of Bre1 and Ubp8 to HSGs coding regions is important for the initiation and maintenance of HSG expression. Additionally, Ubp8 contributes to the pathogenicity of C. albicans during early infection in a mouse model. Our study is the first to link H2B ubiquitination to the morphological plasticity and pathogenicity of the human fungal pathogen C. albicans and shed light on potential antifungal treatments.	0
Abstract2class: FliL associates with the stator to support torque generation of the sodium-driven polar flagellar motor of Vibrio Abstract: Flagellar motors generate torque to rotate flagellar filaments and drive bacterial cells. Each motor is composed of a rotor and many stators. The stator is a force-generating complex that converts ion flux into torque. Previous reports have suggested that the membrane protein FliL is located near the stator and is involved in torque generation. We investigated the role of FliL in the sodium-driven polar flagellar motor of Vibrio alginolyticus. Our results revealed that FliL is a cytoplasmic membrane protein and is located at the base of flagellum. The deletion of fliL did not affect the cell morphology or flagellation but resulted in a significant decrease of swimming speed, especially at a higher load thus suggesting that FliL is important for torque generation at high load conditions. Furthermore, the polar localization of the stator was decreased in a ΔfliL mutant, but the sodium-dependent assembly of the stator complex was still retained. The polar localization of FliL was lost in the absence of the stator complex, indicating that FliL interacts directly or indirectly with the stator. Our results suggest that FliL is localized along with the stator in order to support the motor functioning for swimming at high load conditions by maintaining the stator assembly.	0
Abstract2class: The opcA and (psi)opcB regions in Neisseria: genes, pseudogenes, deletions, insertion elements and DNA islands Abstract: Previous data have indicated that the opc gene encoding an immunogenic invasin is specific to Neisseria meningitidis (Nm) and is lacking in Neisseria gonorrhoeae (Ng). The data presented here show that Nm and Ng both contain two paralogous opc-like genes, opcA, corresponding to the former opc gene, and (psi)opcB, a pseudogene. The predicted OpcA and OpcB proteins possess transmembrane regions with conserved non-polar faces but differ extensively in four of the five surface-exposed loops. Gonococcal OpcA was expressed weakly under in vitro conditions, and it is unknown whether these bacteria can express this protein at high levels. Analysis of the sequences flanking opcA and (psi)opcB revealed a framework of conserved housekeeping genes interspersed with DNA islands. These regions also contained several pseudogenes, deletions and IS elements, attesting to considerable genome plasticity. Both opcA and (psi)opcB are located on DNA islands that have probably been imported from unrelated bacteria. A third island encodes the dcmD/dcrD R/M genes in Ng versus a small open reading frame in most strains of Nm. Rare strains of Nm were identified in which the R/M island has been imported. DNA islands in Nm and Ng seem to have been acquired by recombination via conserved flanking housekeeping genes rather than by insertion of mobile genetic elements.	0
Abstract2class: Deletion analysis of Streptococcus pneumoniae late competence genes distinguishes virulence determinants that are dependent or independent of competence induction Abstract: The competence regulon of Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus) is crucial for genetic transformation. During competence development, the alternative sigma factor ComX is activated, which in turn, initiates transcription of 80 'late' competence genes. Interestingly, only 16 late genes are essential for genetic transformation. We hypothesized that these late genes that are dispensable for competence are beneficial to pneumococcal fitness during infection. These late genes were systematically deleted, and the resulting mutants were examined for their fitness during mouse models of bacteremia and acute pneumonia. Among these, 14 late genes were important for fitness in mice. Significantly, deletion of some late genes attenuated pneumococcal fitness to the same level in both wild-type and ComX-null genetic backgrounds, suggesting that the constitutive baseline expression of these genes was important for bacterial fitness. In contrast, some mutants were attenuated only in the wild-type genetic background but not in the ComX-null background, suggesting that specific expression of these genes during competence state contributed to pneumococcal fitness. Increased virulence during competence state was partially caused by the induction of allolytic enzymes that enhanced pneumolysin release. These results distinguish the role of basal expression versus competence induction in virulence functions encoded by ComX-regulated late competence genes.	0
Abstract2class: The mRNA interferases, MazF-mt3 and MazF-mt7 from Mycobacterium tuberculosis target unique pentad sequences in single-stranded RNA Abstract: mRNA interferases are sequence-specific endoribonucleases encoded by toxin-antitoxin (TA) systems in bacterial genomes. Previously, we demonstrated that Mycobacterium tuberculosis contains at least seven genes encoding MazF homologues (MazF-mt1 to -mt7) and determined cleavage specificities for MazF-mt1 and MazF-mt6. Here we have developed a new general method for the determination of recognition sequences longer than three bases for mRNA interferases with the use of phage MS2 RNA as a substrate and CspA, an RNA chaperone, which prevents the formation of secondary structures in the RNA substrate. Using this method, we determined that MazF-mt3 cleaves RNA at UU CCU or CU CCU and MazF-mt7 at U CGCU ( indicates the cleavage site). As pentad sequence recognition is more specific than those of previously characterized mRNA interferases, bioinformatics analysis was carried out to identify M. tuberculosis mRNAs that may be resistant to MazF-mt3 and MazF-mt7 cleavage. The pentad sequence was found to be significantly underrepresented in several genes, including members of the PE and PPE families, large families of proteins that play a role in tuberculosis immunity and pathogenesis. These data suggest that MazF-mt3 and MazF-mt7 or other mRNA interferases that target longer RNA sequences may alter protein expression through differential mRNA degradation, a regulatory mechanism that may allow adaptation to environmental conditions, including those encountered by pathogens such as M. tuberculosis during infection.	0
Abstract2class: Two aerobic pathways for the formation of unsaturated fatty acids in Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: The double bond in anaerobic unsaturated fatty acid (UFA) biosynthesis is introduced by the FabA dehydratase/isomerase of the bacterial type II fatty acid biosynthetic pathway. A DeltafabA mutant of Pseudomonas aeruginosa grew aerobically, but required a UFA supplement for anaerobic growth. Wild-type cells produced 18:1Delta11 as the principal UFA, whereas the DeltafabA strain produced only 16:1Delta9. The double bond in the 16:1Delta9 was introduced after phospholipid formation and was localized in the sn-2 position. Two predicted membrane proteins, DesA and DesB, possessed the conserved histidine clusters characteristic of fatty acid desaturases. The DeltafabADeltadesA double mutant required exogenous fatty acids for growth but the DeltafabAdesB double mutant did not. Exogenous stearate was converted to 18:1Delta9 and supported the growth of DeltafabADeltadesA double mutant. A DeltafabADeltadesAdesB triple mutant was unable to desaturate exogenous stearate and was an UFA auxotroph. We detected a 2.5-fold increase in desA expression in DeltafabA mutants, whereas desB expression was derepressed by the deletion of the gene encoding a transcriptional repressor DesT. These data add two aerobic desaturases to the enzymes used for fatty acid metabolism in proteobacteria: DesA, a 2-position phospholipid Delta9-desaturase that supplements the anaerobic FabA pathway, and DesB, an inducible acyl-CoA Delta9-desaturase whose expression is repressed by DesT.	0
Abstract2class: Activity of the quorum-sensing regulator TraR of Agrobacterium tumefaciens is inhibited by a truncated, dominant defective TraR-like protein Abstract: Horizontal transfer of Agrobacterium tumefaciens tumour-inducing plasmids requires opines, which are released from plant tumours as nutrients for the bacteria. The opine octopine causes synthesis of the quorum-sensing TraR protein, which activates several tra promoters in the presence of a pheromone called Agrobacterium autoinducer (AAI). A gene, traS, was previously found on the same Ti plasmid in an operon that directs the uptake of mannopine, another opine. TraS strongly resembles TraR but lacks a DNA-binding module. TraS did not activate a TraR-dependent promoter and blocked TraR function, probably by forming inactive heteromultimers. Expression of traS was induced by mannopine, although this induction was strongly inhibited by the favoured catabolites succinate, glutamine and tryptone. Mannopine inhibited conjugation in a TraS-dependent fashion, and artificial overexpression of TraS also inhibited conjugation. Favoured catabolites restored tra gene expression in wild-type strains but not in strains that overexpress TraS. Downstream of traS is a gene encoding a truncated, defective chemoreceptor whose expression abolished chemotaxis.	0
Abstract2class: AvaR2, a pseudo γ-butyrolactone receptor homologue from Streptomyces avermitilis, is a pleiotropic repressor of avermectin and avenolide biosynthesis and cell growth Abstract: Avermectins produced by Streptomyces avermitilis are effective anthelmintic agents. The autoregulatory signalling molecule that triggers avermectin biosynthesis is a novel butenolide-type molecule, avenolide, rather than common γ-butyrolactones (GBLs). We identified AvaR2, a pseudo GBL receptor homologue, as an important repressor of avermectin and avenolide biosynthesis and cell growth. AvaR2 directly repressed transcription of aveR (the ave cluster-situated activator gene), aco (a key gene for avenolide biosynthesis), its own gene (avaR2) and two other GBL receptor homologous genes (avaR1 and avaR3) by binding to their promoter regions. The aveR promoter had the highest affinity for AvaR2. A consensus 18 bp ARE (autoregulatory element)-like sequence was found in the AvaR2-binding regions of these five target genes. Eleven novel AvaR2 targets were identified, including genes involved in primary metabolism, ribosomal protein synthesis, and stress responses. AvaR2 bound and responded to endogenous avenolide and exogenous antibiotics jadomycin B (JadB) and aminoglycosides to modulate its DNA-binding activity. Our findings help to clarify the roles of pseudo GBL receptors as pleiotropic regulators and as receptors for new type autoregulator and exogenous antibiotic signal. A pseudo GBL receptor-mediated antibiotic signalling transduction system may be a common strategy that facilitates Streptomyces interspecies communication and survival in complex environments.	0
Abstract2class: The hmsT 3' untranslated region mediates c-di-GMP metabolism and biofilm formation in Yersinia pestis Abstract: Yersinia pestis, the cause of plague, forms a biofilm in the proventriculus of its flea vector to enhance transmission. Biofilm formation in Y. pestis is regulated by the intracellular levels of cyclic diguanylate (c-di-GMP). In this study, we investigated the role of the 3' untranslated region (3'UTR) in hmsT mRNA, a transcript that encodes a diguanylate cyclase that stimulates biofilm formation in Y. pestis by synthesizing the second messenger c-di-GMP. Deletion of the 3'UTR increased the half-life of hmsT mRNA, thereby upregulating c-di-GMP levels and biofilm formation. Our findings indicate that multiple regulatory sequences might be present in the hmsT 3'UTR that function together to mediate mRNA turnover. We also found that polynucleotide phosphorylase is partially responsible for hmsT 3'UTR-mediated mRNA decay. In addition, the hmsT 3'UTR strongly repressed gene expression at 37°C and 26°C, but affected gene expression only slightly at 21°C. Our findings suggest that the 3'UTR might be involved in precise and rapid regulation of hmsT expression, allowing Y. pestis to fine-tune c-di-GMP synthesis and consequently regulate biofilm production to adapt to the changing host environment.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide identification of Streptococcus sanguinis fitness genes in human serum and discovery of potential selective drug targets Abstract: Streptococcus sanguinis is a primary colonizer of teeth and is associated with oral health. When it enters the bloodstream, however, this bacterium may cause the serious illness infective endocarditis. The genes required for survival and proliferation in blood have not been identified. The products of these genes could provide a rich source of targets for endocarditis-specific antibiotics possessing greater efficacy for endocarditis, and also little or no activity against those bacteria that remain in the mouth. We previously created a comprehensive library of S. sanguinis mutants lacking every nonessential gene. We have now screened each member of this library for growth in human serum and discovered 178 mutants with significant abundance changes. The main biological functions disrupted in these mutants, including purine metabolism, were highlighted via network analysis. The components of an ECF-family transporter were required for growth in serum and were shown for the first time in any bacterium to be essential for endocarditis virulence. We also identified two mutants whose growth was reduced in serum but not in saliva. This strategy promises to enable selective targeting of bacteria based on their location in the body, in this instance, treating or preventing endocarditis while leaving the oral microbiome intact.	0
Abstract2class: Live-cell fluorescence imaging reveals dynamic production and loss of bacterial flagella Abstract: Bacterial flagella are nanomachines that drive bacteria motility and taxis in response to environmental changes. Whether flagella are permanent cell structures and, if not, the circumstances and timing of their production and loss during the bacterial life cycle remain poorly understood. Here we used the single polar flagellum of Vibrio alginolyticus as our model and implementing in vivo fluorescence imaging revealed that the percentage of flagellated bacteria (PFB) in a population varies substantially across different growth phases. In the early-exponential phase, the PFB increases rapidly through the widespread production of flagella. In the mid-exponential phase, the PFB peaks at around 76% and the partitioning of flagella between the daughter cells are 1:1 and strictly at the old poles. After entering the stationary phase, the PFB starts to decline, mainly because daughter cells stop making new flagella after cell division. Interestingly, we observed that bacteria can actively abandon flagella after prolonged stationary culturing, though cell division has long been suspended. Further experimental investigations confirmed that flagella were ejected in V. alginolyticus, starting from breakage in the rod. Our results highlight the dynamic production and loss of flagella during the bacterial life cycle. IMPORTANCE: Flagella motility is critical for many bacterial species. The bacterial flagellum is made up of about 20 different types of proteins in its final structure and can be self-assembled. The current understanding of the lifetime and durability of bacterial flagella is very limited. In the present study, we monitored Vibrio alginolyticus flagellar assembly and loss by in vivo fluorescence labeling, and found that the percentage of flagellated bacteria varies substantially across different growth phases. The production of flagella was synchronized with cell growth but stopped when cells entered the stationary phase. Surprisingly, we observed that bacteria can actively abandon flagella after prolonged stationary culturing, as well as in the low glucose buffering medium. We then confirmed the ejection of flagella in V. alginolyticus started with breakage of the rod. Our results highlight the dynamic production and loss of flagella during the bacterial life cycle.	0
Abstract2class: Unveiling the CoA mediated salicylate catabolic mechanism in Rhizobium sp. X9 Abstract: Salicylate is a typical aromatic compound widely distributed in nature. Microbial degradation of salicylate has been well studied and salicylate hydroxylases play essential roles in linking the peripheral and ring-cleavage catabolic pathways. The direct hydroxylation of salicylate catalyzed by salicylate-1-hydroxylase or salicylate-5-hydroxylase has been well studied. However, the CoA mediated salicylate 5-hydroxylation pathway has not been characterized in detail. Here, we elucidate the molecular mechanism of the reaction in the conversion of salicylate to gentisate in the carbaryl-degrading strain Rhizobium sp. X9. Three enzymes (salicylyl-CoA ligase CehG, salicylyl-CoA hydroxylase CehH and gentisyl-CoA thioesterase CehI) catalyzed the conversion of salicylate to gentisate via a route, including CoA thioester formation, hydroxylation and thioester hydrolysis. Further analysis indicated that genes cehGHI are also distributed in other bacteria from terrestrial environment and marine sediments. These genomic evidences highlight the role of this salicylate degradation pathway in the carbon cycle of soil organic compounds and marine sediments. Our findings of this three-step strategy enhanced the current understanding of CoA mediated degradation of salicylate.	0
Abstract2class: A novel DNA modification by sulphur Abstract: Streptomyces lividans has a novel DNA modification, which sensitises its DNA to degradation during electrophoresis (the Dnd phenotype). The entire gene cluster (dnd) involved in this modification was localized on an 8 kb DNA fragment and was expressed in a S. lividans deletion mutant (dnd) and in several heterologous hosts. Disruption of the dnd locus abolishes the Dnd phenotype, and gain of the dnd locus conferred the Dnd phenotype respectively. Extensive analysis of the dnd gene cluster revealed five open reading frames, whose hypothetic functions suggested an incorporation of sulphur or a sulphur-containing substance into S. lividans genome, yet in an unknown manner. The Dnd phenotype was also discovered to exist in DNA of widespread bacterial species of variable origin and diverse habitat. Similarly organized gene clusters were found in several bacterial genomes representing different genera and in eDNA of marine organisms, suggesting such modification as a widespread phenomenon. A coincidence between the Dnd phenotype and DNA modification by sulphur was demonstrated to occur in several representative bacterial genomes by the in vivo(35)S-labelling experiments.	0
Abstract2class: A MADS-box transcription factor MoMcm1 is required for male fertility, microconidium production and virulence in Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: Appressorium formation is a key step in the infection cycle of Magnaporthe oryzae. Mst12 is a transcription factor essential for appressorium penetration and invasive growth. In this study we used the affinity purification approach to identify proteins that physically associate with Mst12. One of the Mst12-interacting genes identified was MoMCM1, which encodes a MADS-box protein orthologous to yeast Mcm1. MoMcm1 interacted with both Mst12 and Mata-1 in yeast two-hybrid assays. Deletion of MoMCM1 resulted in the loss of male fertility and microconidium production. The Momcm1 mutant was defective in appressorium penetration and formed narrower invasive hyphae, which may be responsible for its reduced virulence. In transformants expressing MoMCM1-eGFP fusion, GFP signals were observed in the nucleus. We also generated the Momcm1 mst12 double mutant, which was defective in penetration and non-pathogenic. On hydrophilic surfaces, germ tubes produced by the double mutant were severely curved, and 20% of them formed appressoria. In contrast, the Momcm1 or mst12 mutant did not form appressoria on hydrophilic surfaces. These results suggest that MoMCM1 and MST12 have overlapping functions to suppress appressorium formation under non-conducive conditions. MoMcm1 may interact with Mst12 and MatA-1 to regulate germ tube identity and male fertility respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Type III secretion system 1 genes in Vibrio parahaemolyticus are positively regulated by ExsA and negatively regulated by ExsD Abstract: Vibrio parahaemolyticus harbours two distinct type III secretion systems (T3SS1 and T3SS2). A subset of 10 T3SS1 genes are transcribed when V. parahaemolyticus is grown in tissue culture medium [Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium (DMEM)], while transcription of these genes (except exsD) is minimal upon growth in Luria-Bertani-Salt (LB-S). Transcription of T3SS1 genes and cytotoxicity towards HeLa cells was prevented by deletion of exsA while complementation with exsA restored these traits. Overexpression of ExsA in the wild-type strain, NY-4, activated the transcription of T3SS1 genes when bacteria were grown in LB-S. Thus, ExsA is necessary and sufficient to induce the transcription of T3SS1 genes. Deletion of the exsD permitted the transcription of T3SS1 genes when bacteria were grown in the LB-S medium and complementation with the wild-type exsD gene-blocked transcription of T3SS1 genes. Overexpression of ExsD in NY-4 prevented the transcription of T3SS1 gene when bacteria were grown in DMEM. A gel mobility shift assay demonstrated that purified ExsA protein binds a novel motif in the upstream region of vp1668 and vp1687, indicating that ExsA interacts directly with the promoter sequences of T3SS1 genes. ExsA positively regulates the expression and secretion of Vp1656 while ExsD negatively regulates the expression and secretion of Vp1656.	0
Abstract2class: Sequence-independent processing site of the C-terminal domain (CTD) influences maturation of the RgpB protease from Porphyromonas gingivalis Abstract: The Gram-negative periodontal pathogen Porphyromonas gingivalis produces a family of outer membrane-anchored proteases, the gingipains, shown to play an essential role in virulence of the organism. The C-terminal domain (CTD) of gingipains and other secreted proteins is known to be the targeting signal for maturation and translocation of the protein through the outer membrane. The CTD is subsequently cleaved during the secretion process. Multiple alignment of various CTDs failed to define a consensus sequence at the putative CTD processing site. Using mutagenesis, we were able to show that cleavage at the site is not dependent on a specific residue and that recognition of the site is independent of local sequence. Interestingly, length of the junction between the CTD and adjacent Ig-like subdomain has a critical influence on post-translational glycan modification of the protein, whereby insertion of additional residues immediately N-terminal to the cleavage site results in failure of glycan modification and release of soluble protease into the culture medium. Various hypotheses are presented to explain these phenomena. Knowledge of the role CTDs play in maturation of gingipains has broader application for understanding maturation of CTD homologues expressed by bacteria of the Bacteriodetes phylum.	0
Abstract2class: Exopolysaccharides promote Myxococcus xanthus social motility by inhibiting cellular reversals Abstract: The biofilm-forming bacterium Myxococcus xanthus moves on surfaces as structured swarms utilizing type IV pili-dependent social (S) motility. In contrast to isolated cells that reverse their moving direction frequently, individual cells within swarms rarely reverse. The regulatory mechanisms that inhibit cellular reversal and promote the formation of swarms are not well understood. Here we show that exopolysaccharides (EPS), the major extracellular components of M. xanthus swarms, inhibit cellular reversal in a concentration-dependent manner. Thus, individual wild-type cells reverse less frequently in swarms due to high local EPS concentrations. In contrast, cells defective in EPS production hyper-reverse their moving direction and show severe defects in S-motility. Surprisingly, S-motility and wild-type reversal frequency are restored in double mutants that are defective in both EPS production and the Frz chemosensory system, indicating that EPS regulates cellular reversal in parallel to the Frz pathway. Here we clarify that besides functioning as the structural scaffold in biofilms, EPS is a self-produced signal that coordinates the group motion of the social bacterium M. xanthus.	0
Abstract2class: Serine proteases from two cell types target different components of a complex that governs regulated intramembrane proteolysis of pro-sigmaK during Bacillus subtilis development Abstract: Upon starvation Bacillus subtilis undergoes a developmental process involving creation of two cell types, the mother cell and forespore. A signal in the form of a serine protease, SpoIVB, is secreted from the forespore and leads to regulated intramembrane proteolysis (RIP) of pro-sigmaK, releasing active sigmaK into the mother cell. RIP of pro-sigmaK is carried out by a membrane-embedded metalloprotease, SpoIVFB, which is inactive when bound by BofA and SpoIVFA. We have investigated the mechanism by which this complex is activated. By expressing components of the signalling pathway in Escherichia coli, we reconstructed complete inhibition of pro-sigmaK RIP by BofA and SpoIVFA, and found that SpoIVB serine protease activity could partially restore RIP, apparently by targeting SpoIVFA. Pulse-chase experiments demonstrated that SpoIVFA synthesized early during B. subtilis sporulation is lost in a SpoIVB-dependent fashion, coincident with the onset of pro-sigmaK RIP, supporting the idea that SpoIVB targets SpoIVFA to trigger RIP of pro-sigmaK. Loss of BofA depended not only on SpoIVB, but also on CtpB, a serine protease secreted from the mother cell. CtpB appeared to cleave BofA near its C-terminus upon coexpression in E. coli, and purified CtpB degraded BofA. We propose that RIP of pro-sigmaK involves a three-step proteolytic cascade in which SpoIVB first cleaves SpoIVFA, CtpB then cleaves BofA and finally SpoIVFB cleaves pro-sigmaK.	0
Abstract2class: Biphasic control logic of HAMP domain signalling in the Escherichia coli serine chemoreceptor Abstract: HAMP domains mediate input-output communication in many bacterial signalling proteins. To explore the dynamic bundle model of HAMP signalling (Zhou et al., Mol. Microbiol. 73: 801, 2009), we characterized the signal outputs of 118 HAMP missense mutants of the serine chemoreceptor, Tsr, by flagellar rotation patterns. Receptors with proline or charged amino acid replacements at critical hydrophobic packing residues in the AS1 and AS2 HAMP helices had locked kinase-off outputs, indicating that drastic destabilization of the Tsr-HAMP bundle prevents kinase activation, both in the absence and presence of the sensory adaptation enzymes, CheB and CheR. Attractant-mimic lesions that enhance the structural stability of the HAMP bundle also suppressed kinase activity, demonstrating that Tsr-HAMP has two kinase-off output states at opposite extremes of its stability range. HAMP mutants with locked-on kinase outputs appeared to have intermediate bundle stabilities, implying a biphasic relationship between HAMP stability and kinase activity. Some Tsr-HAMP mutant receptors exhibited reversed output responses to CheB and CheR action that are readily explained by a biphasic control logic. The findings of this study provide strong support for a three-state dynamic bundle model of HAMP signalling in Tsr, and possibly in other bacterial transducers as well.	0
Abstract2class: Mutational analyses of HAMP helices suggest a dynamic bundle model of input-output signalling in chemoreceptors Abstract: To test the gearbox model of HAMP signalling in the Escherichia coli serine receptor, Tsr, we generated a series of amino acid replacements at each residue of the AS1 and AS2 helices. The residues most critical for Tsr function defined hydrophobic packing faces consistent with a four-helix bundle. Suppression patterns of helix lesions conformed to the predicted packing layers in the bundle. Although the properties and patterns of most AS1 and AS2 lesions were consistent with both proposed gearbox structures, some mutational features specifically indicate the functional importance of an x-da bundle over an alternative a-d bundle. These genetic data suggest that HAMP signalling could simply involve changes in the stability of its x-da bundle. We propose that Tsr HAMP controls output signals by modulating destabilizing phase clashes between the AS2 helices and the adjoining kinase control helices. Our model further proposes that chemoeffectors regulate HAMP bundle stability through a control cable connection between the transmembrane segments and AS1 helices. Attractant stimuli, which cause inward piston displacements in chemoreceptors, should reduce cable tension, thereby stabilizing the HAMP bundle. This study shows how transmembrane signalling and HAMP input-output control could occur without the helix rotations central to the gearbox model.	0
Abstract2class: γ-Tubulin complex in Trypanosoma brucei: molecular composition, subunit interdependence and requirement for axonemal central pair protein assembly Abstract: γ-Tubulin complex constitutes a key component of the microtubule-organizing center and nucleates microtubule assembly. This complex differs in complexity in different organisms: the budding yeast contains the γ-tubulin small complex (γTuSC) composed of γ-tubulin, gamma-tubulin complex protein (GCP)2 and GCP3, whereas animals contain the γ-tubulin ring complex (γTuRC) composed of γTuSC and three additional proteins, GCP4, GCP5 and GCP6. In Trypanosoma brucei, the composition of the γ-tubulin complex remains elusive, and it is not known whether it also regulates assembly of the subpellicular microtubules and the spindle microtubules. Here we report that the γ-tubulin complex in T. brucei is composed of γ-tubulin and three GCP proteins, GCP2-GCP4, and is primarily localized in the basal body throughout the cell cycle. Depletion of GCP2 and GCP3, but not GCP4, disrupted the axonemal central pair microtubules, but not the subpellicular microtubules and the spindle microtubules. Furthermore, we showed that the γTuSC is required for assembly of two central pair proteins and that γTuSC subunits are mutually required for stability. Together, these results identified an unusual γ-tubulin complex in T. brucei, uncovered an essential role of γTuSC in central pair protein assembly, and demonstrated the interdependence of individual γTuSC components for maintaining a stable complex.	0
Abstract2class: The relationship between visible intracellular aggregates that appear after overexpression of Sup35 and the yeast prion-like elements [PSI(+)] and [PIN(+)] Abstract: Overproduced fusions of Sup35 or its prion domain with green fluorescent protein (GFP) have previously been shown to form frequent dots in [PSI(+)] cells. Rare foci seen in [psi(-)] cells were hypothesized to indicate the de novo induction of [PSI(+)] caused by the overproduced prion domain. Here, we describe novel ring-type aggregates that also appear in [psi(-)] cultures upon Sup35 overproduction and show directly that dot and ring aggregates only appear in cells that have become [PSI(+)]. The formation of either type of aggregate requires [PIN(+)], an element needed for the induction of [PSI(+)]. Although aggregates are visible predominantly in stationary-phase cultures, [PSI(+)] induction starts in exponential phase, suggesting that much smaller aggregates can also propagate [PSI(+)]. Such small aggregates are probably present in [PSI(+)] cells and, upon Sup35-GFP overproduction, facilitate the frequent formation of dot aggregates, but only the occasional appearance of ring aggregates. In contrast, rings are very frequent when [PSI(+)] cultures, including those lacking [PIN(+)], are grown in the presence of GuHCl or excess Hsp104 while overexpressing Sup35-GFP. Thus, intermediates formed during [PSI(+)] curing seem to facilitate ring formation. Surprisingly, GuHCl and excess Hsp104, which are known to promote loss of [PSI(+)], did not prevent the de novo induction of [PSI(+)] by excess Sup35 in [psi(-)][PIN(+)] strains.	0
Abstract2class: Nonoptimal codon usage influences protein structure in intrinsically disordered regions Abstract: Synonymous codons are not used with equal frequencies in most genomes. Codon usage has been proposed to play a role in regulating translation kinetics and co-translational protein folding. The relationship between codon usage and protein structures and the in vivo role of codon usage in eukaryotic protein folding is not clear. Here, we show that there is a strong codon usage bias in the filamentous fungus Neurospora. Importantly, we found genome-wide correlations between codon choices and predicted protein secondary structures: Nonoptimal codons are preferentially used in intrinsically disordered regions, and more optimal codons are used in structured domains. The functional importance of such correlations in vivo was confirmed by structure-based codon manipulation of codons in the Neurospora circadian clock gene frequency (frq). The codon optimization of the predicted disordered, but not well-structured regions of FRQ impairs clock function and altered FRQ structures. Furthermore, the correlations between codon usage and protein disorder tendency are conserved in other eukaryotes. Together, these results suggest that codon choices and protein structures co-evolve to ensure proper protein folding in eukaryotic organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Gap1 functions as a molecular chaperone to stabilize its interactive partner Gap3 during biogenesis of serine-rich repeat bacterial adhesin Abstract: Serine-rich repeat glycoproteins (SRRPs) are important bacterial adhesins that are conserved in streptococci and staphylococci. Fimbriae-associated protein (Fap1) from Streptococcus parasanguinis, was the first SRRP identified; it plays an important role in bacterial biofilm formation. A gene cluster encoding glycosyltransferases and accessory secretion components is required for Fap1 biogenesis. Two glycosylation-associated proteins, Gap1 and Gap3 within the cluster, interact with each other and function in concert in Fap1 biogenesis. Here we report the new molecular events underlying contribution of the interaction to Fap1 biogenesis. The Gap1-deficient mutant rendered Gap3 unstable and degraded in vitro and in vivo. Inactivation of a gene encoding protease ClpP reversed the phenotype of the gap1 mutant, suggesting that ClpP is responsible for degradation of Gap3. Molecular chaperone GroEL was co-purified with Gap3 only when Gap1 was absent and also reacted with Gap1 monoclonal antibody, suggesting that Gap1 functions as a specific chaperone for Gap3. The N-terminal interacting domains of Gap1 mediated the Gap3 stability and Fap1 biogenesis. Gap1 homologues from Streptococcus agalactiae and Staphylococcus aureus also interacted with and stabilized corresponding Gap3 homologues, suggesting that the chaperone activity of the Gap1 homologues is common in biogenesis of SRRPs.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of intron function: efficient splicing in vivo of a bacterial group II intron requires a functional promoter within the intron Abstract: Conjugative transfer of the Lactococcus lactis plasmid pRS01 requires splicing of a group II intron, Ll.ltrB, for accurate translation of the mRNA for the exon gene ltrB. The protein product of ltrB is a conjugative relaxase, essential for pRS01 transfer. Using a molecular technique for the identification of transcription initiation sites in bacteria, a functional promoter within Ll.ltrB was identified upstream from the gene for the intron-encoded protein (IEP) LtrA. LtrA is required for efficient splicing of Ll.ltrB in vivo. Mutation of the ltrA promoter dramatically reduced the steady-state level of ltrA mRNA, LtrA, intron splicing and conjugation in L. lactis. These effects could be relieved by expression in trans of the ltrA gene cloned under the control of an inducible promoter. These results suggest that the ltrA mRNAs are translated inefficiently. We hypothesize that this bacterial intron, in contrast to previously studied group II introns in eukaryotes, requires a promoter within the intron to regulate ltrA expression and to produce an adequate level of the protein in the cell for efficient splicing.	0
Abstract2class: The diffusible factor synthase XanB2 is a bifunctional chorismatase that links the shikimate pathway to ubiquinone and xanthomonadins biosynthetic pathways Abstract: The diffusible factor synthase XanB2, originally identified in Xanthomonas campestris pv. campestris (Xcc), is highly conserved across a wide range of bacterial species, but its substrate and catalytic mechanism have not yet been investigated. Here, we show that XanB2 is a unique bifunctional chorismatase that hydrolyses chorismate, the end-product of the shikimate pathway, to produce 3-hydroxybenzoic acid (3-HBA) and 4-HBA. 3-HBA and 4-HBA are respectively associated with the yellow pigment xanthomonadin biosynthesis and antioxidant activity in Xcc. We further demonstrate that XanB2 is a structurally novel enzyme with three putative domains. It catalyses 3-HBA and 4-HBA biosynthesis via a unique mechanism with the C-terminal YjgF-like domain conferring activity for 3-HBA biosynthesis and the N-terminal FGFG motif-containing domain responsible for 4-HBA biosynthesis. Furthermore, we show that Xcc produces coenzyme Q8 (CoQ8) via a new biosynthetic pathway independent of the key chorismate-pyruvate lyase UbiC. XanB2 is the alternative source of 4-HBA for CoQ8 biosynthesis. The similar CoQ8 biosynthetic pathway, xanthomonadin biosynthetic gene cluster and XanB2 homologues are well conserved in the bacterial species within Xanthomonas, Xylella, Xylophilus, Pseudoxanthomonas, Rhodanobacter, Frateuria, Herminiimonas and Variovorax, suggesting that XanB2 may be a conserved metabolic link between the shikimate pathway, ubiquinone and xanthomonadin biosynthetic pathways in diverse bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Interspecies recombination, and phylogenetic distortions, within the glutamine synthetase and shikimate dehydrogenase genes of Neisseria meningitidis and commensal Neisseria species Abstract: Visual inspection showed clear evidence of a history of intraspecies recombinational exchanges within the neighbouring meningococcal shikimate dehydrogenase (aroE) and glutamine synthetase (glnA) genes, which was supported by the non-congruence of the trees constructed from the sequences of these genes from different meningococcal strains, and by statistical tests for mosaic structure. Many examples were also found of highly localized interspecies recombinational exchanges between the meningococcal aroE and glnA genes and those of commensal Neisseria species. These exchanges appear to have inflated the sequence variation at these loci, and have resulted in major distortions of the phylogenetic trees constructed from the sequences of the aroE and glnA genes of human pathogenic and commensal Neisseria species. Statistical tests for sequence mosaicism, and for anomalies within the Neisseria species trees, strongly supported the view that frequent interspecies recombination has occurred within aroE and glnA. The high levels of sequence variation, and intra- and interspecies recombination, within aroE and glnA did not appear to be due to a 'hitch-hiking' effect caused by positive selection for variation at a neighbouring gene. Our results suggest that interspecies recombinational exchanges with commensal Neisseria occur frequently in some meningococcal 'housekeeping' genes as they can be observed readily even when there appears to be no obvious selection for the recombinant phenotypes.	0
Abstract2class: The structural view of bacterial translocation-specific chaperone SecB: implications for function Abstract: SecB is a molecular chaperone that functions in bacterial post-translational protein translocation pathway. It maintains newly synthesized precursor polypeptide chains in a translocation-competent state and guides them to the translocon via its high-affinity binding to the ligand as well as to the membrane-embedded ATPase SecA. Recent advances in elucidating the structures of SecB have enabled the examination of protein function in the structural context. Structures of SecB from both Haemophilus influenzae and Escherichia coli support the early two-subsite polypeptide-binding model. In addition, the detailed molecular interaction between SecB and SecA was revealed by a structure of SecB in complex with the C-terminal zinc-containing domain of SecA. These observations explain the dual role of SecB plays in the translocation pathway, as a molecular chaperone and a specific targeting factor. A model of SecB-SecA complex suggests that the binding of SecA to SecB changes the conformation of the polypeptide binding sites in the chaperone, enabling transfer of precursor polypeptides from SecB to SecA. Recent studies also show the presence of a second zinc-independent SecB binding site in SecA and the new interaction might contribute to the function of SecB.	0
Abstract2class: A Salmonella inositol polyphosphatase acts in conjunction with other bacterial effectors to promote host cell actin cytoskeleton rearrangements and bacterial internalization Abstract: A central feature of Salmonella pathogenicity is the bacterium's ability to enter into non-phagocytic cells. Bacterial internalization is the consequence of cellular responses characterized by Cdc42- and Rac-dependent actin cytoskeleton rearrangements. These responses are triggered by the co-ordinated function of bacterial proteins delivered into the host cell by a specialized protein secretion system termed type III. We report here that SopB, a Salmonella inositol polyphosphatase delivered to the host cell by this secretion system, mediates actin cytoskeleton rearrangements and bacterial entry in a Cdc42-dependent manner. SopB exhibits overlapping functions with two other effectors of bacterial entry, the Rho family GTPase exchange factors SopE and SopE2. Thus, Salmonella strains deficient in any one of these proteins can enter into cells at high efficiency, whereas a strain lacking all three effectors is completely defective for entry. Consistent with an important role for inositol phosphate metabolism in Salmonella-induced cellular responses, a catalytically defective mutant of SopB failed to stimulate actin cytoskeleton rearrangements and bacterial entry. Furthermore, bacterial infection of intestinal cells resulted in a marked increase in Ins(1,4,5,6)P4, a consumption of InsP5 and the activation of phospholipase C. In agreement with the in vivo findings, purified SopB specifically dephosphorylated InsP5 to Ins(1,4,5,6)P4 in vitro. Surprisingly, the inositol phosphate fluxes induced by Salmonella were not caused exclusively by SopB. We show that the SopB-independent inositol phosphate fluxes are the consequence of the SopE-dependent activation of an endogenous inositol phosphatase. The ability of Salmonella to stimulate Rho GTPases signalling and inositol phosphate metabolism through alternative mechanisms is an example of the remarkable ability of this bacterial pathogen to manipulate host cellular functions.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of integration host factor (IHF) binding upstream of the cysteine-rich protein operon (omcAB) promoter of Chlamydia trachomatis LGV serovar L2 Abstract: Chlamydiae are bacterial parasites that carry out a distinct developmental cycle within host cells; however, the mechanisms by which these organisms regulate stage-specific gene expression are not known. We identified a DNA element located between nucleotide (nt) -135 and -90 upstream from the transcription start point of the late stage-specific CRP operon (omcAB) of Chlamydia trachomatis, to which a protein in extracts of chlamydiae harvested at 23 h after infection binds. A recombinant protein of C. trachomatis open reading frame (ORF) CT267, which is homologous to bacterial integration host factor (IHF) and the heat-unstable nucleoid protein (HU), bound to the same element and produced the same DNase I footprint as the protein in chlamydial extracts. Recombinant ORF CT267 protein bound with high affinity to the DNA element and induced a sharp bend in a DNA fragment containing the binding site, suggesting that ORF CT267 encodes a protein with IHF-like activity, and recombinant protein had a positive effect on in vitro transcription of the CRP operon. IHF-binding activity and IHF protein were detected in extracts of C. trachomatis during the early to intermediate phases of the late stage of the developmental cycle (between 17 and 30 h after infection), but were absent in the extreme late phase of the cycle and in the infectious form of chlamydiae. The presence of an IHF binding site upstream of the CRP operon and the presence of chlamydial IHF-like protein when late stage genes are transcribed suggests that the chlamydial IHF may play a role in stage-specific gene expression.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-species hybridization of a Borrelia burgdorferi DNA array reveals infection- and culture-associated genes of the unsequenced genome of the relapsing fever agent Borrelia hermsii Abstract: The known genome sequence of Borrelia burgdorferi, an agent of Lyme borreliosis, was used to study the genetic content and gene expression in B. hermsii, another spirochete pathogen and a cause of relapsing fever. Cross-species hybridization of a DNA array representing 1628 open reading frames (ORF) of B. burgdorferi with genomic DNA of B. hermsii indicated that the latter organism has at least 81% of the chromosomal genes and 43% of the plasmid genes of B. burgdorferi. We then carried out quantitative hybridization of the arrays with multiple replicates of cDNA produced from B. hermsii cells growing in the blood of infected mice or in culture medium that was adjusted to the same pH, temperature and a spirochete density as infected blood. Of 642 B. burgdorferi ORFs hybridized by all replicates under both conditions, 12 (1.9%) demonstrated differential expression by a regularized t-test and stringent criteria. BBP07 and BBG30, two plasmid-borne ORFs with the greatest measurable difference in expression between in vivo and in vitro conditions, putatively encode proteins of unknown function. Orthologues of BBP07 in B. hermsii were identified, and increased expression in infected mice was demonstrated by quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction.	0
Abstract2class: Phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate synthetase, as a suppressor of the sepH mutation in Aspergillus nidulans, is required for the proper timing of septation Abstract: Timely cytokinesis/septation is essential for hyphal growth and conidiation in Aspergillus nidulans. Genetic analyses have identified that A. nidulans has components of the septum initiation network (SIN) pathway; one of these, SEPH, is a key player for early events during cytokinesis. However, little is known about how the SEPH kinase cascade is regulated by other components. Here, we demonstrate that the phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate synthetase family acts antagonistically against the SIN so that the downregulation of AnPRS family can bypass the requirements of the SIN for septum formation and conidiation. The transcription defect of the Anprs gene family accompanied with the reduction of AnPRS activity causes the formation of hyper-septation as well as the restoration of septation and conidiation in the absence of SEPH. Clearly, the timing and positioning of septation is related to AnPRS activity. Moreover, with the extensive yeast two-hybrid analysis and rescue combination experiments, it demonstrated that AnPRS members are able to form the heterodimers for functional interacting entities but they appear to contribute so unequally that Anprs1 mutant display relatively normal septation, but Anprs2 deletion is lethal. Thus, compared to in yeast, the AnPRS family may have a unique regulation mechanism during septation in filamentous fungi.	0
Abstract2class: Activation of a p44 pseudogene in Anaplasma phagocytophila by bacterial RNA splicing: a novel mechanism for post-transcriptional regulation of a multigene family encoding immunodominant major outer membrane proteins Abstract: Immunodominant 44 kDa major outer membrane proteins of Anaplasma phagocytophila (human granulocytic ehrlichiosis agent) are encoded by the p44 multigene family. One of the paralogues, p44-18 is predominantly expressed by A. phagocytophila in mammalian hosts, but is downregulated in the arthropod vector. The expression of p44-18 was upregulated in A. phagocytophila cultivated in HL-60 cells at 37 degrees C compared with 24 degrees C. However, the molecular mechanism of such gene expression was unclear, as p44-18 has a pseudogene-like structure, i.e. it lacks an AUG start codon and is out of frame with an upstream overlapping paralogue, p44-1. In the present study, we found that an amplicon detected by reverse transciption-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) [808 basepair (bp)] for the p44-1/p44-18 gene locus was smaller than that detected by PCR with the genomic DNA (1652 bp) in the A. phagocytophila-infected HL-60 cells cultured at 37 degrees C. A circularized RNA molecule corresponding to the 844 bp region missing from the locus in the RT-PCR product was detected by inverse RT-PCR, indicating that this is an intron (designated p44-1 intervening sequence, p44-1 IVS). The splicing event of p44-1 IVS was also observed when the p44-1 IVS-carrying plasmid was introduced into Escherichia coli, suggesting that the splicing is sequence-dependent. Structural analysis and in vitro splicing experiments of p44-1 IVS suggested that this is likely to represent a new class of introns in eubacteria. The primer extension analysis showed the presence of a putative sigma(32)-type promoter in region upstream from p44-1. Collectively, the novel RNA splicing and the temperature-dependent transcription may account for the dominant p44-18 expression in mammals.	0
Abstract2class: Lrp binds to two regions in the dadAX promoter region of Escherichia coli to repress and activate transcription directly Abstract: The dadAX operon is expressed by multiple promoters that are repressed by leucine-responsive regulatory protein (Lrp) and activated by cyclic AMP-CRP. In previous work, we found that alanine or leucine acted as inducers to antagonize Lrp repression of the three major promoters directly. Here, we identify 11 Lrp binding sites located within 350 bp of dad DNA. A mutational analysis, coupled with in vivo and in vitro transcription experiments, indicated that Lrp sites that overlap the dad promoters were involved in repression. In contrast, sites upstream of the promoters did not appear to be necessary for repression, but were required for activation by Lrp plus alanine or leucine of one of the major dad promoters, P2. This activation by alanine or leucine was not simply relief of repression, as P2 transcription from a constitutive template was increased fivefold compared with the basal level of transcription found in the absence of Lrp and the co-activator cyclic AMP-CRP. Alanine or leucine decreased the affinity of Lrp to repressor sites, while having little or no effect on the binding of Lrp to activator sites. This differential effect of alanine and leucine on Lrp binding helps to explain how these modifiers influence both repression and activation of the dad operon.	0
Abstract2class: The BBA33 lipoprotein binds collagen and impacts Borrelia burgdorferi pathogenesis Abstract: Borrelia burgdorferi, the etiologic agent of Lyme disease, adapts to the mammalian hosts by differentially expressing several genes in the BosR and Rrp2-RpoN-RpoS dependent pathways, resulting in a distinct protein profile relative to that seen for survival in the Ixodes spp. tick. Previous studies indicate that a putative lipoprotein, BBA33, is produced in an RpoS-dependent manner under conditions that mimic the mammalian component of the borrelial lifecycle. However, the significance and function for BBA33 is not known. Given its linkage to the BosR/Rrp2-RpoN-RpoS regulatory cascade, we hypothesized that BBA33 facilitates B. burgdorferi infection in the mammalian host. The deletion of bba33 eliminated B. burgdorferi infectivity in C3H mice, which was rescued by genetic complementation with intact bba33. With regard to function, a combinatorial peptide approach, coupled with subsequent in vitro binding assays, indicated that BBA33 binds to collagen type VI and, to a lesser extent, collagen type IV. Whole cell binding assays demonstrated BBA33-dependent binding to human collagen type VI. Taken together, these results suggest that BBA33 interacts with collagenous structures and may function as an adhesin in a process that is required to prevent bacterial clearance.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of functionally important conserved trans-membrane residues of bacterial PIB -type ATPases Abstract: Powered by ATP hydrolysis, P(IB) -ATPases drive the energetically uphill transport of transition metals. These high affinity pumps are essential for heavy metal detoxification and delivery of metal cofactors to specific cellular compartments. Amino acid sequence alignment of the trans-membrane (TM) helices of P(IB)-ATPases reveals a high degree of conservation, with ∼ 60-70 fully conserved positions. Of these conserved positions, 6-7 were previously identified to be important for transport. However, the functional importance of the majority of the conserved TM residues remains unclear. To investigate the role of conserved TM residues of P(IB)-ATPases we conducted an extensive mutagenesis study of a Zn(2+)/Cd(2+) P(IB)-ATPase from Rhizobium radiobacter (rrZntA) and seven other P(IB)-ATPases. Of the 38 conserved positions tested, 24 had small effects on metal tolerance. Fourteen mutations compromised in vivo metal tolerance and in vitro metal-stimulated ATPase activity. Based on structural modelling, the functionally important residues line a constricted 'channel', tightly surrounded by the residues that were found to be inconsequential for function. We tentatively propose that the distribution of the mutable and immutable residues marks a possible trans-membrane metal translocation pathway. In addition, by substituting six trans-membrane amino acids of rrZntA we changed the in vivo metal specificity of this pump from Zn(2+)/Cd(2+) to Ag(+).	0
Abstract2class: The EAL domain containing protein STM2215 (rtn) is needed during Salmonella infection and has cyclic di-GMP phosphodiesterase activity Abstract: Salmonella Typhimurium gene STM2215 (rtn) is conserved among many enterobacteriaceae. Mutants lacking STM2215 poorly colonized the liver and spleen in intraperitoneal infection of mice and poorly colonized the intestine and deeper tissues in oral infection. These phenotypes were complemented by a wild-type copy of STM2215 provided in trans. STM2215 deletion mutants grew normally in J774A.1 murine macrophages but were unable to invade Caco-2 colonic epithelial cells. Consistent with this finding, mutants in STM2215 produced lower levels of effectors of the TTSS-1. STM2215 is a predicted c-di-GMP phosphodiesterase, but lacks identifiable sensor domains. Biochemical analysis of STM2215 determined that it is located in the inner membrane and has c-di-GMP phosphodiesterase activity in vitro dependent on an intact EAL motif. Unlike some previously identified members of this family, STM2215 did not affect motility, was expressed on plates, and in liquid media at late exponential and early stationary phase during growth. Defined mutations in STM2215 revealed that neither the predicted periplasmic domain nor the anchoring of the protein to the inner membrane is necessary for the activity of this protein during infection. However, the EAL domain of STM2215 is required during infection, suggesting that its phosphodiesterase activity is necessary during infection.	0
Abstract2class: The Ustilago maydis Cys2His2-type zinc finger transcription factor Mzr1 regulates fungal gene expression during the biotrophic growth stage Abstract: The smut fungus Ustilago maydis establishes a biotrophic relationship with its host plant maize to progress through sexual development. Here, we report the identification and characterization of the Cys(2)His(2)-type zinc finger protein Mzr1 that functions as a transcriptional activator during host colonization. Expression of the U. maydis mig2 cluster genes is tightly linked to this phase. Upon conditional overexpression, Mzr1 confers induction of a subset of mig2 genes during vegetative growth and this requires the same promoter elements that confer inducible expression in planta. Furthermore, expression of the mig2-4 and mig2-5 genes during biotrophic growth is strongly reduced in cells deleted in mzr1. DNA-array analysis led to the identification of additional Mzr1-induced genes. Some of these genes show a mig2-like plant-specific expression pattern and Mzr1 is responsible for their high-level expression during pathogenesis. Mzr1 function requires the b-dependently regulated Cys(2)His(2)-type cell cycle regulator Biz1, indicating that two stage-specific regulators mediate gene expression during host colonization. In spite of a role as transcriptional activator during biotrophic growth, mzr1 is not essential for pathogenesis; however, conditional overexpression interfered with proliferation during vegetative growth and mating ability, caused a cell separation defect, and triggered filamentous growth. We discuss the implications of these findings.	0
Abstract2class: New molecular insights into an archaeal RNase J reveal a conserved processive exoribonucleolysis mechanism of the RNase J family Abstract: RNase J, a prokaryotic 5'-3' exo/endoribonuclease, contributes to mRNA decay, rRNA maturation and post-transcriptional regulation. Yet the processive-exoribonucleolysis mechanism remains obscure. Here, we solved the first RNA-free and RNA-bound structures of an archaeal RNase J, and through intensive biochemical studies provided detailed mechanistic insights into the catalysis and processivity. Distinct dimerization/tetramerization patterns were observed for archaeal and bacterial RNase Js, and unique archaeal Loops I and II were found involved in RNA interaction. A hydrogen-bond-network was identified for the first time that assists catalysis by facilitating efficient proton transfer in the catalytic center. A conserved 5'-monophosphate-binding pocket that coordinates the RNA 5'-end ensures the 5'-monophosphate preferential exoribonucleolysis. To achieve exoribonucleolytic processivity, the 5'-monophosphate-binding pocket and nucleotide +4 binding site anchor RNA within the catalytic track; the 5'-capping residue Leu37 of the sandwich pocket coupled with the 5'-monophosphate-binding pocket are dedicated to translocating and controlling the RNA orientation for each exoribonucleolytic cycle. The processive-exoribonucleolysis mechanism was verified as conserved in bacterial RNase J and also exposes striking parallels with the non-homologous eukaryotic 5'-3' exoribonuclease, Xrn1. The findings in this work shed light on not only the molecular mechanism of the RNase J family, but also the evolutionary convergence of divergent exoribonucleases.	0
Abstract2class: Metabolic relation of cyanobacteria to aromatic compounds Abstract: Cyanobacteria, also known as blue-green (micro)algae, are able to sustain many types of chemical stress because of metabolic adaptations that allow them to survive and successfully compete in a variety of ecosystems, including polluted ones. As photoautotrophic bacteria, these microorganisms synthesize aromatic amino acids, which are precursors for a large variety of substances that contain aromatic ring(s) and that are naturally formed in the cells of these organisms. Hence, the transformation of aromatic secondary metabolites by cyanobacteria is the result of the possession of a suitable "enzymatic apparatus" to carry out the biosynthesis of these compounds according to cellular requirements. Another crucial aspect that should be evaluated using varied criteria is the response of cyanobacteria to the presence of extracellular aromatic compounds. Some aspects of the relationship between aromatic compounds and cyanobacteria such as the biosynthesis of aromatic compounds, the influence of aromatic compounds on these organisms and the fate of aromatic substances inside microalgal cells are presented in this paper. The search for this information has suggested that there is a lack of knowledge about the regulation of the biosynthesis of aromatic substances and about the transport of these compounds into cyanobacterial cells. These aspects are of pivotal importance with regard to the biotransformation of aromatic compounds and understanding them may be the goals of future research.	0
Abstract2class: Biocatalytic hydrogenation of the C=C bond in the enone unit of hydroxylated chalcones-process arising from cyanobacterial adaptations Abstract: To verify the hypothesis that cyanobacteria naturally biosynthesising polyphenolic compounds possess an active enzymatic system that enables them to transform these substances, such an ability of the biocatalytic systems of whole cells of these biota was assessed for the first time. One halophilic strain and seven freshwater strains of cyanobacteria representing four of the five taxonomic orders of Cyanophyta were examined to determine the following: (i) whether they contain polyphenols, including flavonoids; (ii) the resistance of their cultures when suppressed by the presence of exogenous hydroxychalcones-precursors of flavonoid biosynthesis and (iii) whether these photoautotrophs can transform hydroxylated chalcones. All examined strains were found to contain polyphenols and flavonoids, and the growth of their cultures was inhibited in the presence of 2'-hydroxychalcone, 2″-hydroxychalcone and 4″-hydroxychalcone. We also confirmed that the examined cyanobacteria transformed hydroxychalcones via hydrogenative bio-reduction and formed the corresponding hydroxydihydro derivatives with yields above 90% whenever the substrates were bioavailable for such a conversion. Moreover, we observed that the routes and efficiency of biohydrogenation (and hydroxylation) of chalcones were dependent on the location of the hydroxyl substituent. The final products obtained as the results of biotransformations were extracted from the media and identified by mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) and nuclear magnetic resonance (1H NMR, 13C NMR, COSY, HSQC). Based on those results, we believe that the very efficient biohydrogenation of hydroxychalcones, which may easy be scaled up for biotechnological purposes, reflects the natural activity of the cyanobacterial defence system, because hydroxydihydrochalcones were less active inhibitors of the growth of cyanobacterial cultures than the corresponding substrates.	0
Abstract2class: Modelling of photosynthesis, respiration, and nutrient yield coefficients in Scenedemus almeriensis culture as a function of nitrogen and phosphorus Abstract: Photo-respirometric tecniques are applied for evaluating photosynthetic activity in phototrophic organisms. These methods allow to evaluate photosynthetic response under different conditions. In this work, the influence of nutrient availability (nitrate, ammonium, and phosphate) on the photosynthesis and respiration of Scenedesmus almeriensis was studied using short photo-respirometric measurements. Both photosynthesis and respiration increasing until saturation value and consecutively diminishing, presenting inhibition by high concentrations. Regarding the influence of phosphorus concentration in microalgae cells, a similar hyperbolic trend was observed but no inhibition was observed at high concentration. Based on these experimental data, the respiration, and the photosynthesis rate of S. almeriensis were modelled using Haldane equation for nitrate and ammonium data, and Monod equation for phosphate data. In addition, experiments were performed to determine the yield coefficients for both nitrogen and phosphorus in S. almeriensis cultures. The data showed that the nitrogen and phosphorous coefficient yields are not constant, being modified as a function of nutrients concentration, presenting the luxury uptake phenomena. Finally, the proposed models were incorporated into a simulation tool to evaluate the photosynthetic activity and the nutrient yield coefficients of S. almeriensis when different culture media and wastewaters are used as a nitrogen and phosphorous source for its growth. Key points • Microalgal photosynthesis/respiration vary as a function of nutrients availability. • Photosynthesis inhibition appears at high N-NO 3 - and N-NH4+ concentrations. • Nutrient yield coefficients are influenced by luxury uptake phenomenon.	0
Abstract2class: A fungal biofilm reactor based on metal structured packing improves the quality of a Gla::GFP fusion protein produced by Aspergillus oryzae Abstract: Fungal biofilm is known to promote the excretion of secondary metabolites in accordance with solid-state-related physiological mechanisms. This work is based on the comparative analysis of classical submerged fermentation with a fungal biofilm reactor for the production of a Gla::green fluorescent protein (GFP) fusion protein by Aspergillus oryzae. The biofilm reactor comprises a metal structured packing allowing the attachment of the fungal biomass. Since the production of the target protein is under the control of the promoter glaB, specifically induced in solid-state fermentation, the biofilm mode of culture is expected to enhance the global productivity. Although production of the target protein was enhanced by using the biofilm mode of culture, we also found that fusion protein production is also significant when the submerged mode of culture is used. This result is related to high shear stress leading to biomass autolysis and leakage of intracellular fusion protein into the extracellular medium. Moreover, 2-D gel electrophoresis highlights the preservation of fusion protein integrity produced in biofilm conditions. Two fungal biofilm reactor designs were then investigated further, i.e. with full immersion of the packing or with medium recirculation on the packing, and the scale-up potentialities were evaluated. In this context, it has been shown that full immersion of the metal packing in the liquid medium during cultivation allows for a uniform colonization of the packing by the fungal biomass and leads to a better quality of the fusion protein.	0
Abstract2class: Biotransformation of bisphenol A analogues by the biphenyl-degrading bacterium Cupriavidusbasilensis - a structure-biotransformation relationship Abstract: Comparative analyses determined the relationship between the structure of bisphenol A (BPA) as well as of seven bisphenol analogues (bisphenol B (BPB), bisphenol C (BPC), bisphenol E (BPE), bisphenol F (BPF), bisphenol Z (BPZ), bisphenol AP (BPAP), bisphenol PH (BPPH)) and their biotransformability by the biphenyl-degrading bacterium Cupriavidus basilensis SBUG 290. All bisphenols were substrates for bacterial transformation with conversion rates ranging from 6 to 98% within 216 h and 36 different metabolites were characterized. Transformation by biphenyl-grown cells comprised four different pathways: (a) formation of ortho-hydroxylated bisphenols, hydroxylating either one or both phenols of the compounds; (b) ring fission; (c) transamination followed by acetylation or dimerization; and (d) oxidation of ring substituents, such as methyl groups and aromatic ring systems, present on the 3-position. However, the microbial attack of bisphenols by C. basilensis was limited to the phenol rings and its substituents, while substituents on the carbon bridge connecting the rings were not oxidized. All bisphenol analogues with modifications at the carbon bridge could be oxidized up to ring cleavage, while substituents at the 3-position of the phenol ring other than hydroxyl groups did not allow this reaction. Replacing one methyl group at the carbon bridge of BPA by a hydrophobic aromatic or alicyclic ring system inhibited both dimerization and transamination followed by acetylation. While most of the bisphenol analogues exhibited estrogenic activity, four biotransformation products tested were not estrogenically active.	0
Abstract2class: Valorization of cheese whey using microbial fermentations Abstract: Cheese whey (CW), the liquid resulting from the precipitation and removal of milk casein during cheese-making, and the second cheese whey (SCW) derived from the production of cottage and ricotta cheeses are the main byproducts of dairy industry. The major constituent of CW and SCW is lactose, contributing to the high BOD and COD content. Because of this, CW and SCW are high-polluting agents and their disposal is still a problem for the dairy sector. CW and SCW, however, also consist of lipids, proteins, and minerals, making them useful for production of various compounds. In this paper, microbial processes useful to promote the bioremediation of CW and SCW are discussed, and an overview on the main whey-derived products is provided. Special focus was paid to the production of health-promoting whey drinks, vinegar, and biopolymers, which may be exploited as value-added products in different segments of food and pharmaceutical industries.	0
Abstract2class: Bacillus subtilis as heterologous host for the secretory production of the non-ribosomal cyclodepsipeptide enniatin Abstract: The heterologous expression of genes or gene clusters in microbial hosts, followed by metabolic engineering of biosynthetic pathways, is key to access industrially and pharmaceutically relevant compounds in an economically affordable and sustainable manner. Therefore, platforms need to be developed, which provide tools for the controlled synthesis of bioactive compounds. The Gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis is a promising candidate for such applications, as it is generally regarded as a safe production host, its physiology is well investigated and a variety of tools is available for its genetic manipulation. Furthermore, this industrially relevant bacterium provides a high secretory potential not only for enzymes but also for primary and secondary metabolites. In this study, we present the first heterologous expression of an eukaryotic non-ribosomal peptide synthetase gene (esyn) coding for the biosynthesis of the small molecule enniatin in B. subtilis. Enniatin is a pharmaceutically used cyclodepsipeptide for treatment of topical bacterial and fungal infections. We generated various enniatin-producing B. subtilis strains, allowing for either single chromosomal or plasmid-based multi-copy expression of the esyn cluster under the control of an acetoin-inducible promoter system. Optimization of cultivation conditions, combined with modifications of the genetic background and multi-copy plasmid-based esyn expression, resulted in a secretory production of enniatin B. This work presents B. subtilis as a suitable host for the expression of heterologous eukaryotic non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) clusters.	0
Abstract2class: Diversity of family GH46 chitosanases in Kitasatospora setae KM-6054 Abstract: The genome of Kitasatospora setae KM-6054, a soil actinomycete, has three genes encoding chitosanases belonging to GH46 family. The genes (csn1-3) were cloned in Streptomyces lividans and the corresponding enzymes were purified from the recombinant cultures. The csn2 clone yielded two proteins (Csn2BH and Csn2H) differing by the presence of a carbohydrate-binding domain. Sequence analysis showed that Csn1 and Csn2H were canonical GH46 chitosanases, while Csn3 resembled chitosanases from bacilli. The activity of the four chitosanases was tested in a variety of conditions and on diverse chitosan forms, including highly N-deacetylated chitosan or chitosan complexed with humic or polyphosphoric acid. Kinetic parameters were also determined. These tests unveiled the biochemical diversity among these chitosanases and the peculiarity of Csn3 compared with the other three enzymes. The observed biochemical diversity is discussed based on structural 3D models and sequence alignment. This is a first study of all the GH46 chitosanases produced by a single microbial strain.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial community structure and dynamics during anaerobic digestion of various agricultural waste materials Abstract: The influence of the feedstock type on the microbial communities involved in anaerobic digestion was investigated in laboratory-scale biogas reactors fed with different agricultural waste materials. Community composition and dynamics over 2 months of reactors' operation were investigated by amplicon sequencing and profiling terminal restriction fragment length polymorphisms of 16S rRNA genes. Major bacterial taxa belonged to the Clostridia and Bacteroidetes, whereas the archaeal community was dominated by methanogenic archaea of the orders Methanomicrobiales and Methanosarcinales. Correlation analysis revealed that the community composition was mainly influenced by the feedstock type with the exception of a temperature shift from 38 to 55 °C which caused the most pronounced community shifts. Bacterial communities involved in the anaerobic digestion of conventional substrates such as maize silage combined with cattle manure were relatively stable and similar to each other. In contrast, special waste materials such as chicken manure or Jatropha press cake were digested by very distinct and less diverse communities, indicating partial ammonia inhibition or the influence of other inhibiting factors. Anaerobic digestion of chicken manure relied on syntrophic acetate oxidation as the dominant acetate-consuming process due to the inhibition of aceticlastic methanogenesis. Jatropha as substrate led to the enrichment of fiber-degrading specialists belonging to the genera Actinomyces and Fibrobacter.	0
Abstract2class: Pyrodextrin enhances intestinal function through changing the intestinal microbiota composition and metabolism in early weaned piglets Abstract: Pyrodextrin (PD) is prepared from starch by heat treatment and is resistant to amylase. We hypothesized that PD might have prebiotic potential affecting the microbiota composition, because it contains a non-digestible portion that may behave as dietary fiber. This study investigated the effects of PD supplementation on growth performance, gut morphology, short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs), and the bacterial community in weaned piglets receiving dietary supplementation of 0.5% PD. The piglets in the PD (treated) groups showed greater antioxidant capacity and feed efficiency (P < 0.05), as well as improved intestinal morphology in comparison with the piglets in the weaned (control) group. Gut microbiota profiles were assessed through 16S rRNA sequencing on the ileum contents and feces of early weaned piglets. Several genus-level enrichments and depletions were observed in response to PD treatment. Of note, PD supplementation decreased the relative abundance of pathogenic organisms, including Defluviicoccus and Gardnerella, while markedly increasing that of commensal bacteria (genera Psychrobacter and Prevotella), which have important roles in nutrient absorption and immune response regulation. The most notable effect in the PD treatment groups was increased production of SCFAs in the feces of PD-treated weaned piglets. Correlation analysis revealed that the improvement in SCFAs was positively correlated with the increase in SCFA-producing bacteria. Overall, this study provides a more comprehensive understanding of the effects of PD supplementation on the fecal microbial community and the modulation of SCFA production in early weaned piglets, thus indicating that PD can be used to alleviate weaning stress in piglets.	0
Abstract2class: Applied modern biotechnology for cultivation of Ganoderma and development of their products Abstract: A white-rot basidiomycete Ganoderma spp. has long been used as a medicinal mushroom in Asia, and it has an array of pharmacological properties for immunomodulatory activity. There have been many reports about the bioactive components and their pharmacological properties. In order to analyze the current status of Ganoderma products, the detailed process of cultivation of Ganoderma spp. and development of their products are restated in this review article. These include the breeding, cultivating, extracting bioactive component, and processing Ganoderma products, etc. This article will expand people's common knowledge on Ganoderma, and provide a beneficial reference for research and industrial production.	0
Abstract2class: Conversion of viridicatic acid to crustosic acid by cytochrome P450 enzyme-catalysed hydroxylation and spontaneous cyclisation Abstract: Cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (P450s) are considered nature's most versatile catalysts and play a crucial role in regio- and stereoselective oxidation reactions on a broad range of organic molecules. The oxyfunctionalisation of unactivated carbon-hydrogen (C-H) bonds, in particular, represents a key step in the biosynthesis of many natural products as it provides substrates with increased reactivity for tailoring reactions. In this study, we investigated the function of the P450 enzyme TraB in the terrestric acid biosynthetic pathway. We firstly deleted the gene coding for the DNA repair subunit protein Ku70 by using split marker-based deletion plasmids for convenient recycling of the selection marker to improve gene targeting in Penicillium crustosum. Hereby, we reduced ectopic DNA integration and facilitated genetic manipulation in P. crustosum. Afterward, gene deletion in the Δku70 mutant of the native producer P. crustosum and heterologous expression in Aspergillus nidulans with precursor feeding proved the involvement of TraB in the formation of crustosic acid by catalysing the essential hydroxylation reaction of viridicatic acid. KEY POINTS: •Deletion of Ku70 by using split marker approach for selection marker recycling. •Functional identification of the cytochrome P450 enzyme TraB. •Fulfilling the reaction steps in the terrestric acid biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Cytosolic NADPH balancing in Penicillium chrysogenum cultivated on mixtures of glucose and ethanol Abstract: The in vivo flux through the oxidative branch of the pentose phosphate pathway (oxPPP) in Penicillium chrysogenum was determined during growth in glucose/ethanol carbon-limited chemostat cultures, at the same growth rate. Non-stationary (13)C flux analysis was used to measure the oxPPP flux. A nearly constant oxPPP flux was found for all glucose/ethanol ratios studied. This indicates that the cytosolic NADPH supply is independent of the amount of assimilated ethanol. The cofactor assignment in the model of van Gulik et al. (Biotechnol Bioeng 68(6):602-618, 2000) was supported using the published genome annotation of P. chrysogenum. Metabolic flux analysis showed that NADPH requirements in the cytosol remain nearly the same in these experiments due to constant biomass growth. Based on the cytosolic NADPH balance, it is known that the cytosolic aldehyde dehydrogenase in P. chrysogenum is NAD(+) dependent. Metabolic modeling shows that changing the NAD(+)-aldehyde dehydrogenase to NADP(+)-aldehyde dehydrogenase can increase the penicillin yield on substrate.	0
Abstract2class: Phagocytosis of Escherichia coli biofilm cells with different aspect ratios: a role of substratum material stiffness Abstract: Bacterial biofilms play an important role in chronic infections due to high-level tolerance to antibiotics. Thus, it is important to eradicate bacterial cells that are attached to implanted medical devices of different materials. Phagocytosis is a key process of the innate immunity to eliminate invading pathogens. Previous research demonstrated that the efficiency of phagocytosis is affected by the aspect ratio of polymer beads. Recently, we reported that the stiffness of polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) influences Escherichia coli biofilm formation and the biofilm cells on stiff (5:1) PDMS are 46.2% shorter than those on soft (40:1) PDMS. Based on these findings, we hypothesized that E. coli cells attached on stiff PDMS can be more effectively removed via phagocytosis. This hypothesis was tested in the present study using viability assays, flow cytometry, and cell tracking. The results revealed that shorter E. coli cells detached from stiff PDMS were easier to be phagocytized than the longer cells from soft PDMS surfaces. Furthermore, macrophage cells were found to be more motile on stiff PDMS surfaces and more effective at phagocytosis of E. coli cells attached on these surfaces. These results may help the design of better biomaterials to reduce fouling and associated infections.	0
Abstract2class: Culture medium optimization of a new bacterial extracellular polysaccharide with excellent moisture retention activity Abstract: A new kind of extracellular polysaccharide (EPS) from Pseudomonas fluorescens PGM37 was obtained and culture media was optimized using the statistical methods single factor experiments and response surface methodology (RSM) design. As a result, the optimum cultivation conditions initial pH value, medium volume, inoculum size, temperature, and rotation speed were 7.5, 100 mL/250 mL, 5%, 28 °C, and 180 rpm, respectively. The optimized media: sucrose 36.23 g L(-1), yeast extract 3.32 g L(-1), sodium chloride 1.13 g L(-1), and calcium chloride 0.20 g L(-1). The maximum predicted yield of EPS was 10.1163 g L(-1) under these conditions. The validation data was 10.012 g L(-1), which could strongly confirm the correlation between the experimental and theoretical values. Gas Chromatography analysis revealed that the polymer was made up of mannose and glucose in the ratio of 1:1. Infrared spectroscopy showed that the polysaccharide had β-D-pyranoid configuration and contained no other substituent. Graded by different multiples of alcohol after specific degradation by enzyme and then detected by LC-ESI-MS, the EPS structure was β-D-Glcp-(1, 4)-β-D-Manp-(1, 4)-β-D-Glcp-(1, 4)-β-D-Manp. The moisture retention ability of the EPS was found to be superior to glycerol and only a little inferior to hyaluronic acid (HA), which presented potential application value in cosmetics and clinical medicine fields.	0
Abstract2class: O-antigen polymerase adopts a distributive mechanism for lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis Abstract: Bacterial lipopolysaccharide (LPS) is an essential cell envelope component for gram-negative bacteria. As the most variable region of LPS, O antigens serve as important virulence determinants for many bacteria and represent a promising carbohydrate source for glycoconjugate vaccines. In the Wzy-dependent O-antigen biosynthetic pathway, the integral membrane protein Wzy was shown to be the sole enzyme responsible for polymerization of O-repeat unit. Its catalytic mechanism, however, remains elusive. Herein, Wzy was successfully overexpressed in Escherichia coli with an N-terminal His10-tag. Blue native polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (BN-PAGE) revealed that the Wzy protein exists in its native confirmation as a dimer. Subsequently, we chemo-enzymatically synthesized the substrates of Wzy, the lipid-PP-linked repeat units. Together with an optimized O-antigen visualization method, we monitored the production of reaction intermediates at varying times. We present here our result as the first biochemical evidence that Wzy functions in a distributive manner.	0
Abstract2class: The effect of anode potential on current production from complex substrates in bioelectrochemical systems: a case study with glucose Abstract: Anode potential can affect the degradation pathway of complex substrates in bioelectrochemical systems (BESs), thereby influencing current production and coulombic efficiency. However, the intricacies behind this interplay are poorly understood. This study used glucose as a model substrate to comprehensively investigate the effect of different anode potentials (- 150 mV, 0 mV and + 200 mV) on the relationship between current production, the electrogenic pathway and the abundance of the electrogenic microorganisms involved in batch mode fed BESs. Current production in glucose-acclimatized reactors was a function of the abundance of Geobacteraceae and of the availability of acetate and formate produced by glucose degradation. Current production was increased by high anode potentials during acclimation (0 mV and + 200 mV), likely due to more Geobacteraceae developing. However, this effect was much weaker than a stimulus from an artificial high acetate supply: acetate was the rate-limiting intermediate in these systems. The supply of acetate could not be influenced by anode potential; altering the flow regime, batch time and management of the upstream fermentation processes may be a greater engineering tool in BES. However, these findings suggest that if high current production is the focus, it will be extremely difficult to achieve success with complex waste streams such as domestic wastewater.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a double monoclonal antibody-based sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay for detecting canine distemper virus Abstract: Canine distemper virus (CDV) infection causes mass mortality in diverse carnivore species. For effective virus surveillance, rapid and sensitive assays are needed to detect CDV in field samples. In this study, after BABL/c mice were immunized with recombinant CDV-fusion (F) protein, monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) against recombinant CDV-F protein (designated 1A5, 1A6, and 7D5) were produced using traditional hybridoma cell technology. Next, capture antibody (1A6, 800 ng/well) and horseradish peroxidase (HRP)-conjugated detection antibody (HRP-7D5, 1:100, 500 ng/well) were used in a double monoclonal antibody-based sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for CDV detection after optimization of both mAb amounts per well using a checkerboard titration test. Based on sandwich ELISA test results for 120 known CDV-negative samples, the cutoff value for a positive result was set to an OD450 nm value ≥ 0.196. As compared with test results obtained from commercial immune colloidal gold test strips, the low limits of detection for the two assays were revealed to be 100 TCID50 per 100 μL. In addition, the sandwich ELISA agreed 100% and 96.4% with commercial immune colloidal gold test strips when testing serum and stool samples. The sandwich ELISA assay provided statistically similar CDV detection. Thus, the sandwich ELISA developed here to detect CDV in fecal and serum samples provided good sensitivity, high specificity, and good reproducibility and should serve as an ideal method for large-scale surveillance of CDV infections in carnivores. KEY POINTS: • Three CDV mAbs that recognized different epitopes and bound to virion were generated. • The sandwich ELISA based mAbs to detect CDV in fecal and serum samples was developed. • The sandwich ELISA is an ideal method for detecting CDV infections in the field.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of Thermotoga maritima MSB8 GH57 α-amylase AmyC as a glycogen-branching enzyme with high hydrolytic activity Abstract: AmyC, a glycoside hydrolase family 57 (GH57) enzyme of Thermotoga maritima MSB8, has previously been identified as an intracellular α-amylase playing a role in either maltodextrin utilization or storage polysaccharide metabolism. However, the α-amylase specificity of AmyC is questionable as extensive phylogenetic analysis of GH57 and tertiary structural comparison suggest that AmyC could actually be a glycogen-branching enzyme (GBE), a key enzyme in the biosynthesis of glycogen. This communication presents phylogenetic and biochemical evidence that AmyC is a GBE with a relatively high hydrolytic (α-amylase) activity (up to 30% of the total activity), creating a branched α-glucan with 8.5% α-1,6-glycosidic bonds. The high hydrolytic activity is explained by the fact that AmyC has a considerably shorter catalytic loop (residues 213-220) not reaching the acceptor side. Secondly, in AmyC, the tryptophan residue (W 246) near the active site has its side chain buried in the protein interior, while the side chain is at the surface in Tk1436 and Tt1467 GBEs. The putative GBEs from three other Thermotogaceae, with very high sequence similarities to AmyC, were found to have the same structural elements as AmyC, suggesting that GH57 GBEs with relatively high hydrolytic activity may be widespread in nature.	0
Abstract2class: Bacteria-mediated bisphenol A degradation Abstract: Bisphenol A (BPA) is an important monomer in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics, food cans, and other daily used chemicals. Daily and worldwide usage of BPA and BPA-contained products led to its ubiquitous distribution in water, sediment/soil, and atmosphere. Moreover, BPA has been identified as an environmental endocrine disruptor for its estrogenic and genotoxic activity. Thus, BPA contamination in the environment is an increasingly worldwide concern, and methods to efficiently remove BPA from the environment are urgently recommended. Although many factors affect the fate of BPA in the environment, BPA degradation is mainly depended on the metabolism of bacteria. Many BPA-degrading bacteria have been identified from water, sediment/soil, and wastewater treatment plants. Metabolic pathways of BPA degradation in specific bacterial strains were proposed, based on the metabolic intermediates detected during the degradation process. In this review, the BPA-degrading bacteria were summarized, and the (proposed) BPA degradation pathway mediated by bacteria were referred.	0
Abstract2class: Ammonia-oxidizing archaea and ammonia-oxidizing bacteria in six full-scale wastewater treatment bioreactors Abstract: In this study, dideoxy sequencing and 454 high-throughput sequencing were used to analyze diversities of the ammonia monooxygenase (amoA) genes and the 16S rRNA genes of ammonia-oxidizing archaea (AOA) and ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (AOB) in six municipal wastewater treatment plants. The results showed that AOB amoA genes were quite diverse in different wastewater treatment plants while the 16S rRNA genes were relatively conserved. Based on the observed complexity of amoA and 16S rRNA genes, most of the AOB can be assigned to the Nitrosomonas genus, with Nitrosomonas ureae, Nitrosomonas oligotropha, Nitrosomonas marina, and Nitrosomonas aestuarii being the four most dominant species. From the sequences of the AOA amoA genes, most AOA observed in this study belong to the CGI.1b group, i.e., the soil lineage. The AOB amoA and 16S rRNA genes were quantified by quantitative PCR and 454 high-throughput pyrosequencing, respectively. Although the results from the two approaches show some disconcordance, they both indicated that the abundance of AOB in activated sludge was very low.	0
Abstract2class: Drug repurposing strategies in the development of potential antifungal agents Abstract: The morbidity and mortality caused by invasive fungal infections are increasing across the globe due to developments in transplant surgery, the use of immunosuppressive agents, and the emergence of drug-resistant fungal strains, which has led to a challenge in terms of treatment due to the limitations of three classes of drugs. Hence, it is imperative to establish effective strategies to identify and design new antifungal drugs. Drug repurposing is a potential way of expanding the application of existing drugs. Recently, various existing drugs have been shown to be useful in the prevention and treatment of invasive fungi. In this review, we summarize the currently used antifungal agents. In addition, the most up-to-date information on the effectiveness of existing drugs with antifungal activity is discussed. Moreover, the antifungal mechanisms of existing drugs are highlighted. These data will provide valuable knowledge to stimulate further investigation and clinical application in this field. KEY POINTS: • Conventional antifungal agents have limitations due to the occurrence of drug-resistant strains. • Non-antifungal drugs act as antifungal agents in various ways toward different targets. • Non-antifungal drugs with antifungal activity are demonstrated as effective antifungal strategies.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of anti-BCG benz[α]anthraquinones and new siderophores from a Xinjiang desert-isolated rare actinomycete Nocardia sp. XJ31 Abstract: The current global demand for novel anti-TB drugs has drawn urgent attention on the discovery of natural product compounds with anti-TB activity. Lots of efforts have emphasized on environmental samples from unexplored or underexplored natural habits and identified numerous rare actinomycete taxa producing structurally diverse bioactive natural products. Herein, we report a survey of the rare actinobacteria diversity in Xinjiang region together with the discovery of anti-TB active natural products from these strains. We have collected 17 soil samples at different sites with different environmental conditions, from which 39 rare actinobacteria were identified by using a selective isolation strategy with 5 media variations. Among those isolated strains, XJ31 was identified as a new Nocardia sp. based on 16S rRNA gene analysis. Through one strain-many compounds (OSMAC) strategy combined with anti-Bacillus Calmette-Guérin bioassay-guided isolation, two groups of compounds were identified. They were twelve siderophores (nocardimicins, 1-12) and two anthraquinones (brasiliquinones, 13 and 14) and ten of them were identified as new compounds. The structures of the purified compounds were elucidated using HR-ESI-MS, 1D NMR, and 2D NMR techniques. The anti-TB bioassays revealed that the two benz[α]anthraquinones have potent activity against BCG (MICs = 25 μM), which can be used as a promising start point for further anti-TB drug development. KEY POINTS: • Ten new natural products were identified from Nocardia sp. XJ31. • Brasiliquinones 13 and 14 showed moderate anti-BCG activity.	0
Abstract2class: A novel method to produce armored double-stranded DNA by encapsulation of MS2 viral capsids Abstract: With the rapid development of molecular diagnostic techniques, there is a growing need for quality controls and standards with favorable properties to monitor the entire detection process. In this study, we describe a novel method to produce armored hepatitis B virus (HBV) and human papillomavirus (HPV) DNA for use in nucleic acid tests, which was confirmed to be stable, homogeneous, noninfectious, nuclease resistant, and safe for shipping. We demonstrated that MS2 bacteriophage could successfully package double-stranded DNA of 1.3-, 3-, 3.5-, and 6.5-kb length into viral capsids with high reassembly efficiency. This is the first application of RNA bacteriophage MS2 as a platform to encapsulate double-stranded DNA, forming virus-like particles (VLPs) which were indistinguishable from native MS2 capsids in size and morphology. Moreover, by analyzing the interaction mechanism of pac site and the MS2 coat protein (CP), we found that in addition to the recognized initiation signal TR-RNA, TR-DNA can also trigger spontaneous reassembly of CP dimers, providing a more convenient and feasible method of assembly. In conclusion, this straightforward and reliable manufacturing approach makes armored DNA an ideal control and standard for use in clinical laboratory tests and diagnostics, possessing prospects for broad application, especially providing a new platform for the production of quality controls for DNA viruses.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering Salinispora tropica for heterologous expression of natural product biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: The marine actinomycete genus Salinispora is a remarkably prolific source of structurally diverse and biologically active secondary metabolites. Herein, we select the model organism Salinispora tropica CNB-440 for development as a heterologous host for the expression of biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) to complement well-established Streptomyces host strains. In order to create an integratable host with a clean background of secondary metabolism, we replaced three genes (salA-C) essential for salinosporamide biosynthesis with a cassette containing the Streptomyces coelicolor ΦC31 phage attachment site attB to generate the mutant S. tropica CNB-4401 via double-crossover recombination. This mutagenesis not only knocks-in the attachment site attB in the genome of S. tropica CNB-440 but also abolishes production of the salinosporamides, thereby simplifying the strain's chemical background. We validated this new heterologous host with the successful integration and expression of the thiolactomycin BGC that we recently identified in several S. pacifica strains. When compared to the extensively engineered superhost S. coelicolor M1152, the production of thiolactomycins from S. tropica CNB-4401 was approximately 3-fold higher. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first example of using a marine actinomycete as a heterologous host for natural product BGC expression. The established heterologous host may provide a useful platform to accelerate the discovery of novel natural products and engineer biosynthetic pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Suhuai suckling piglet hindgut microbiome-metabolome responses to different dietary copper levels Abstract: Unabsorbed copper accumulates in the hindgut of pigs that consume high levels of dietary copper, which enhances the coselection of antibiotic-resistant bacteria and is considered detrimental to the environment and to porcine health. In our study, a combination of 16S rRNA pyrosequencing and nontargeted metabolomics was used to investigate the microbiome-metabolome responses to dietary copper levels in the hindgut of suckling piglets. The results showed that the dietary copper level affected the abundance of several Clostridia genera and that the relative abundance of butyrate-producing bacteria, such as Coprococcus, Roseburia, and Acidaminococcus, was reduced in the 300 mg kg-1 (high) Cu group. Metabolomic analysis revealed that dietary copper levels affected protein and carbohydrate metabolites, protein biosynthesis, the urea cycle, galactose metabolism, gluconeogenesis, and amino acid metabolism (including the metabolism of arginine, proline, β-alanine, phenylalanine, tyrosine, and methionine). Furthermore, Pearson's correlation analysis showed that the abundance levels of Coprococcus (family Lachnospiraceae) and operational taxonomic unit (OTU) 18 (family Ruminococcaceae) were positively correlated with energy metabolism pathways (gluconeogenesis, glycolysis, and the pentose phosphate pathway). The abundance of Streptococcus was negatively correlated with amino acid metabolism pathways (protein biosynthesis, glycine, serine, threonine, methionine, phenylalanine, and tyrosine metabolism), and OTU583 and OTU1067 (family Rikenellaceae) were positively correlated with amino acid metabolism pathways. These results suggest that the copper levels consumed by LC (low-copper group) versus HC (high-copper group) animals alter the composition of the gut microbiota and modulate microbial metabolic pathways, which may further affect the health of suckling piglets.	0
Abstract2class: Overproduction of lactimidomycin by cross-overexpression of genes encoding Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory proteins Abstract: The glutarimide-containing polyketides represent a fascinating class of natural products that exhibit a multitude of biological activities. We have recently cloned and sequenced the biosynthetic gene clusters for three members of the glutarimide-containing polyketides-iso-migrastatin (iso-MGS) from Streptomyces platensis NRRL 18993, lactimidomycin (LTM) from Streptomyces amphibiosporus ATCC 53964, and cycloheximide (CHX) from Streptomyces sp. YIM56141. Comparative analysis of the three clusters identified mgsA and chxA, from the mgs and chx gene clusters, respectively, that were predicted to encode the PimR-like Streptomyces antibiotic regulatory proteins (SARPs) but failed to reveal any regulatory gene from the ltm gene cluster. Overexpression of mgsA or chxA in S. platensis NRRL 18993, Streptomyces sp. YIM56141 or SB11024, and a recombinant strain of Streptomyces coelicolor M145 carrying the intact mgs gene cluster has no significant effect on iso-MGS or CHX production, suggesting that MgsA or ChxA regulation may not be rate-limiting for iso-MGS and CHX production in these producers. In contrast, overexpression of mgsA or chxA in S. amphibiosporus ATCC 53964 resulted in a significant increase in LTM production, with LTM titer reaching 106 mg/L, which is five-fold higher than that of the wild-type strain. These results support MgsA and ChxA as members of the SARP family of positive regulators for the iso-MGS and CHX biosynthetic machinery and demonstrate the feasibility to improve glutarimide-containing polyketide production in Streptomyces strains by exploiting common regulators.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of self-generated variants in Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica biofilm with increased antifouling activities Abstract: Pseudoalteromonas is widespread in various marine environments, and most strains can affect invertebrate larval settlement and metamorphosis by forming biofilms. However, the impact and the molecular basis of population diversification occurring in Pseudoalteromonas biofilms are poorly understood. Here, we show that morphological diversification is prevalent in Pseudoalteromonas species during biofilm formation. Two types of genetic variants, wrinkled (frequency of 12±5%) and translucent (frequency of 5±3%), were found in Pseudoalteromonas lipolytica biofilms. The inducing activities of biofilms formed by the two variants on larval settlement and metamorphosis of the mussel Mytilus coruscus were significantly decreased, suggesting strong antifouling activities. Using whole-genome re-sequencing combined with genetic manipulation, two genes were identified to be responsible for the morphology alternations. A nonsense mutation in AT00_08765 led to a wrinkled morphology due to the overproduction of cellulose, whereas a point mutation in AT00_17125 led to a translucent morphology via a reduction in capsular polysaccharide production. Taken together, the results suggest that the microbial behavior on larval settlement and metamorphosis in marine environment could be affected by the self-generated variants generated during the formation of marine biofilms, thereby rendering potential application in biocontrol of marine biofouling.	0
Abstract2class: Influence of water management on the active root-associated microbiota involved in arsenic, iron, and sulfur cycles in rice paddies Abstract: In recent years, the role of microorganisms inhabiting rice rhizosphere in promoting arsenic contamination has emerged. However, little is known concerning the species and metabolic properties involved in this phenomenon. In this study, the influence of water management on the rhizosphere microbiota in relation to arsenic dissolution in soil solution was tested. Rice plants were cultivated in macrocosms under different water regimes: continuous flooding, continuous flooding with a 2-week period drainage before flowering, and dry soil watered every 10 days. The active bacterial communities in rhizosphere soil and in rhizoplane were characterized by 16S rRNA pyrosequencing. An in-depth analysis of microbial taxa with direct or indirect effects on arsenic speciation was performed and related contribution was evaluated. Continuous flooding promoted high diversity in the rhizosphere, with the plant strongly determining species richness and evenness. On the contrary, under watering the communities were uniform, with little differences between rhizosphere soil and rhizoplane. Arsenic-releasing and arsenite-methylating bacteria were selected by continuous flooding, where they represented 8% of the total. On the contrary, bacteria decreasing arsenic solubility were more abundant under watering, with relative abundance of 10%. These values reflected arsenic concentrations in soil solution: 135 μg L-1 and negligible in continuous flooding and under watering, respectively. When short-term drainage was applied before flowering, intermediate conditions were achieved. This evidence strongly indicates an active role of the rhizosphere microbiota in driving arsenic biogeochemistry in rice paddies, influenced by water management, explaining amounts and speciation of arsenic often found in rice grains.	0
Abstract2class: Novel parameter describing restriction endonucleases: Secondary-Cognate-Specificity and chemical stimulation of TsoI leading to substrate specificity change Abstract: Over 470 prototype Type II restriction endonucleases (REases) are currently known. Most recognise specific DNA sequences 4-8 bp long, with very few exceptions cleaving DNA more frequently. TsoI is a thermostable Type IIC enzyme that recognises the DNA sequence TARCCA (R = A or G) and cleaves downstream at N11/N9. The enzyme exhibits extensive top-strand nicking of the supercoiled single-site DNA substrate. The second DNA strand of such substrate is specifically cleaved only in the presence of duplex oligonucleotides containing a cognate site. We have previously shown that some Type IIC/IIG/IIS enzymes from the Thermus-family exhibit 'affinity star' activity, which can be induced by the S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) cofactor analogue-sinefungin (SIN). Here, we define a novel type of inherently built-in 'star' activity, exemplified by TsoI. The TsoI 'star' activity cannot be described under the definition of the classic 'star' activity as it is independent of the reaction conditions used and cannot be separated from the cognate specificity. Therefore, we define this phenomenon as Secondary-Cognate-Specificity (SCS). The TsoI SCS comprises several degenerated variants of the cognate site. Although the efficiency of TsoI SCS cleavage is lower in comparison to the cognate TsoI recognition sequence, it can be stimulated by S-adenosyl-L-cysteine (SAC). We present a new route for the chemical synthesis of SAC. The TsoI/SAC REase may serve as a novel tool for DNA manipulation.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial community composition and diversity in rice straw digestion bioreactors with and without dairy manure Abstract: Anaerobic digestion (AD) uses a range of substrates to generate biogas, including energy crops such as globally abundant rice straw (RS). Unfortunately, RS is high in lignocellulosic material and has high to C:N ratios (~80:1), which makes it (alone) a comparatively poor substrate for AD. Co-digestion with dairy manure (DM) has been promoted as a method for balancing C:N ratios to improve RS AD whilst also treating another farm waste and co-producing a potentially useful fertiliser. However, past co-digestion studies have not directly compared RS AD microbial communities with and without DM additions, which has made it hard to assess all impacts of DM addition to RS AD processes. Here, four RS:DM ratios were contrasted in identical semi-continuous-fed AD bioreactors, and 100% RS was found to produce the highest specific methane yields (112 mL CH4/g VS/day; VS, volatile solids), which is over double yields achieved in the reactor with the highest DM content (30:70 RS:DM by mass; 48 mL CH4/g VS/day). To underpin these data, microbial communities were sequenced and characterised across the four reactors. Dominant operational taxonomic units (OTUs) in the 100% RS unit were Bacteroidetes/Firmicutes, whereas the 30:70 RS:DM unit was dominated by Proteobacteria/Spirochaetes, suggesting major microbial community shifts occur with DM additions. However, community richness was lowest with 100% RS (despite higher specific yields), suggesting particular OTUs may be more important to yields than microbial diversity. Further, ambient VFA and VS levels were significantly higher when no DM was added, suggesting DM-amended reactors may cope better with higher organic loading rates (OLR). Results show that RS AD without DM addition is feasible, although co-digestion with DM will probably allow higher OLRs, resulting in great RS throughput in farm AD units.	0
Abstract2class: Formation and characterization of biofilms formed by salt-tolerant yeast strains in seawater-based growth medium Abstract: Yeast whole cells have been widely used in modern biotechnology as biocatalysts to generate numerous compounds of industrial, chemical, and pharmaceutical importance. Since many of the biocatalysis-utilizing manufactures have become more concerned about environmental issues, seawater is now considered a sustainable alternative to freshwater for biocatalytic processes. This approach plausibly commenced new research initiatives into exploration of salt-tolerant yeast strains. Recently, there has also been a growing interest in possible applications of microbial biofilms in the field of biocatalysis. In these complex communities, cells demonstrate higher resistance to adverse environmental conditions due to their embedment in an extracellular matrix, in which physical, chemical, and physiological gradients exist. Considering these two topics, seawater and biofilms, in this work, we characterized biofilm formation in seawater-based growth media by several salt-tolerant yeast strains with previously demonstrated biocatalytic capacities. The tested strains formed both air-liquid-like biofilms and biofilms on silicone surfaces, with Debaryomyces fabryi, Schwanniomyces etchellsii, Schwanniomyces polymorphus, and Kluyveromyces marxianus showing the highest biofilm formation. The extracted biofilm extracellular matrices mostly consisted of carbohydrates and proteins. The latter group was primarily represented by enzymes involved in metabolic processes, particularly the biosynthetic ones, and in the response to stimuli. Specific features were also found in the carbohydrate composition of the extracellular matrix, which were dependent both on the yeast isolate and the nature of formed biofilms. Overall, our findings presented herein provide a unique data resource for further development and optimization of biocatalytic processes and applications employing seawater and halotolerant yeast biofilms.Key points• Ability for biofilm formation of some yeast-halotolerant strains in seawater medium• ECM composition dependent on strain and biofilm-forming surface• Metabolic enzymes in the ECM with potential applications for biocatalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Correction to: Biodegradation of naphthenic acids: identification of Rhodococcus opacus R7 genes as molecular markers for environmental monitoring and their application in slurry microcosms Abstract: The published online version contains mistake in the author list for the author "M. Cappelletti" was incorrectly presented.	0
Abstract2class: A control strategy to investigate the relationship between specific productivity and high-mannose glycoforms in CHO cells Abstract: The integration of physiological knowledge into process control strategies is a cornerstone for the improvement of biopharmaceutical cell culture technologies. The present contribution investigates the applicability of specific productivity as a physiological control parameter in a cell culture process producing a monoclonal antibody (mAb) in CHO cells. In order to characterize cell physiology, the on-line oxygen uptake rate (OUR) was monitored and the time-resolved specific productivity was calculated as physiological parameters. This characterization enabled to identify the tight link between the deprivation of tyrosine and the decrease in cell respiration and in specific productivity. Subsequently, this link was used to control specific productivity by applying different feeding profiles. The maintenance of specific productivity at various levels enabled to identify a correlation between the rate of product formation and the relative abundance of high-mannose glycoforms. An increase in high mannose content was assumed to be the result of high specific productivity. Furthermore, the high mannose content as a function of cultivation pH and specific productivity was investigated in a design of experiment approach. This study demonstrated how physiological parameters could be used to understand interactions between process parameters, physiological parameters, and product quality attributes.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for Alzheimer's therapy: recent trends on extraction, detection, irradiation-assisted production improvement and nano-structured drug delivery Abstract: Neurodegenerative disorders especially Alzheimer's disease (AD) are significantly threatening the public health. Acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitors are compounds of great interest which can be used as effective agents for the symptomatic treatment of AD. Although plants are considered the largest source for these types of inhibitors, the microbial production of AChE inhibitors represents an efficient, easily manipulated, eco-friendly, cost-effective, and alternative approach. This review highlights the recent advances on the microbial production of AChE inhibitors and summarizes all the previously reported successful studies on isolation, screening, extraction, and detecting methodologies of AChE inhibitors from the microbial fermentation, from the earliest trials to the most promising anti-AD drug, huperzine A (HupA). In addition, improvement strategies for maximizing the industrial production of AChE inhibitors by microbes will be discussed. Finally, the promising applications of nano-material-based drug delivery systems for natural AChE inhibitor (HupA) will also be summarized. KEY POINTS: • AChE inhibitors are potential therapies for Alzheimer's disease. • Microorganisms as alternate sources for prospective production of such inhibitors. • Research advances on extraction, detection, and strategies for production improvement. • Nanotechnology-based approaches for an effective drug delivery for Alzheimer's disease.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial 5'-nucleotidases: their characteristics, roles in cellular metabolism, and possible practical applications Abstract: 5'-Nucleotidases (EC 3.1.3.5) are enzymes that catalyze the hydrolytic dephosphorylation of 5'-ribonucleotides and 5'-deoxyribonucleotides to their respective nucleosides and phosphate. Most 5'-nucleotidases have broad substrate specificity and are multifunctional enzymes capable of cleaving phosphorus from not only mononucleotide phosphate molecules but also a variety of other phosphorylated metabolites. 5'-Nucleotidases are widely distributed throughout all kingdoms of life and found in different cellular locations. The well-studied vertebrate 5'-nucleotidases play an important role in cellular metabolism. These enzymes are involved in purine and pyrimidine salvage pathways, nucleic acid repair, cell-to-cell communication, signal transduction, control of the ribo- and deoxyribonucleotide pools, etc. Although the first evidence of microbial 5'-nucleotidases was obtained almost 60 years ago, active studies of genetic control and the functions of microbial 5'-nucleotidases started relatively recently. The present review summarizes the current knowledge about microbial 5'-nucleotidases with a focus on their diversity, cellular localizations, molecular structures, mechanisms of catalysis, physiological roles, and activity regulation and approaches to identify new 5'-nucleotidases. The possible applications of these enzymes in biotechnology are also discussed.Key points• Microbial 5'-nucleotidases differ in molecular structure, hydrolytic mechanism, and cellular localization.• 5'-Nucleotidases play important and multifaceted roles in microbial cells.• Microbial 5'-nucleotidases have wide range of practical applications.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of the highly immunogenic VP2 protrusion domain as a diagnostic antigen for members of Birnaviridae family Abstract: Birnaviridae is a family of viruses (birnaviruses) which consists of four genera, members of which cause diseases in fish, birds, mollusks, and insects. The genome of birnaviruses encodes the highly immunogenic VP2 capsid protein. In order to demonstrate that the VP2 protein can be exploited as a diagnostic antigen for birnaviruses, we developed a lateral flow assay based on the surface-exposed VP2 protrusion domain of a representative birnavirus, infectious bursal disease virus (IBDV) of serotype 1 which causes the highly devastating infectious bursal disease in chickens. The biophysical characterization of the purified domain reveals that the domain predominantly consists of β-sheets, exists in a trimeric form, and remains folded at high temperatures, making it suitable for diagnostic purposes. Owing to its highly immunogenic nature and excellent biophysical properties, we employed the VP2 protrusion domain in a gold nanoparticle-based lateral flow assay for rapid detection of anti-IBDV antibodies in serum samples of infected chickens. Our results indicate that the domain binds anti-IBDV antibodies with high specificity during laboratory testing and on-site testing. The lateral flow assay reported here yields comparable results in a qualitative manner as obtained through a commercial enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). As VP2 is a common capsid protein of birnaviruses, the lateral flow assay can be generalized for other birnaviruses, and members of Tetraviridae and Nodaviridae families which contain homologous VP2 capsid proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Ionic liquid-tolerant microorganisms and microbial communities for lignocellulose conversion to bioproducts Abstract: Chemical and physical pretreatment of biomass is a critical step in the conversion of lignocellulose to biofuels and bioproducts. Ionic liquid (IL) pretreatment has attracted significant attention due to the unique ability of certain ILs to solubilize some or all components of the plant cell wall. However, these ILs inhibit not only the enzyme activities but also the growth and productivity of microorganisms used in downstream hydrolysis and fermentation processes. While pretreated biomass can be washed to remove residual IL and reduce inhibition, extensive washing is costly and not feasible in large-scale processes. IL-tolerant microorganisms and microbial communities have been discovered from environmental samples and studies begun to elucidate mechanisms of IL tolerance. The discovery of IL tolerance in environmental microbial communities and individual microbes has lead to the proposal of molecular mechanisms of resistance. In this article, we review recent progress on discovering IL-tolerant microorganisms, identifying metabolic pathways and mechanisms of tolerance, and engineering microorganisms for IL tolerance. Research in these areas will yield new approaches to overcome inhibition in lignocellulosic biomass bioconversion processes and increase opportunities for the use of ILs in biomass pretreatment.	0
Abstract2class: Novel approaches for efficient in vivo fermentation production of noncoding RNAs Abstract: Genome-derived noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs (miRNAs), small interfering RNAs (siRNAs), and long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), play an essential role in the control of target gene expression underlying various cellular processes, and dysregulation of ncRNAs is involved in the pathogenesis and progression of various diseases in virtually all species including humans. Understanding ncRNA biology has opened new avenues to develop novel RNA-based therapeutics. Presently, ncRNA research and drug development is dominated by the use of ncRNA mimics that are synthesized chemically in vitro and supplemented with extensive and various types of artificial modifications and thus may not necessarily recapitulate the properties of natural RNAs generated and folded in living cells in vivo. Therefore, there are growing interests in developing novel technologies for in vivo production of RNA molecules. The two most recent major breakthroughs in achieving an efficient, large-scale, and cost-effective fermentation production of recombinant or bioengineered RNAs (e.g., tens of milligrams from 1 L of bacterial culture) are (1) using stable RNA carriers and (2) direct overexpression in RNase III-deficient bacteria, while other approaches offer a low yield (e.g., nano- to microgram scales per liter). In this article, we highlight these novel microbial fermentation-based technologies that have shifted the paradigm to the production of true biological ncRNA molecules for research and development.	0
Abstract2class: Expression and purification of the 5'-nucleotidase YitU from Bacillus species: its enzymatic properties and possible applications in biotechnology Abstract: 5'-Nucleotidases (EC 3.1.3.5) are enzymes that catalyze the hydrolytic dephosphorylation of 5'-ribonucleotides and 5'-deoxyribonucleotides to their corresponding nucleosides plus phosphate. In the present study, to search for new genes encoding 5'-nucleotidases specific for purine nucleotides in industrially important Bacillus species, "shotgun" cloning and the direct selection of recombinant clones grown in purine nucleosides at inhibitory concentrations were performed in the Escherichia coli GS72 strain, which is sensitive to these compounds. As a result, orthologous yitU genes from Bacillus subtilis and Bacillus amyloliquefaciens, whose products belong to the ubiquitous haloacid dehalogenase superfamily (HADSF), were selected and found to have a high sequence similarity of 87%. B. subtilis YitU was produced in E. coli as an N-terminal hexahistidine-tagged protein, purified and biochemically characterized as a soluble 5'-nucleotidase with broad substrate specificity with respect to various deoxyribo- and ribonucleoside monophosphates: dAMP, GMP, dGMP, CMP, AMP, XMP, IMP and 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide-1-β-D-ribofuranosyl 5'-monophosphate (AICAR-P). However, the preferred substrate for recombinant YitU was shown to be flavin mononucleotide (FMN). B. subtilis and B. amyloliquefaciens yitU overexpression increased riboflavin (RF) and 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleoside (AICAR) accumulation and can be applied to breed highly performing RF- and AICAR-producing strains.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of transcriptional mode on promoter substitution and tandem engineering for the production of epothilones in Myxococcus xanthus Abstract: Promoter optimization is an economical and effective approach to overexpress heterologous genes and improve the biosynthesis of valuable products. In this study, we swapped the original promoter of the epothilone biosynthetic gene cluster in Myxococcus xanthus with two endogenous strong promoters P pilA and P groEL1 , respectively, which, however, decreased the epothilone production ability. The transcriptional abilities by the two promoters were found to be bloomed in the growth stage but markedly decreased after the growth, whereas the original promoter P epo functioned majorly after the exponential growth stage. Tandem repeat engineering on the original promoter P epo remarkably increased epothilone production. The tandem promoter exerted similar expressional pattern as P epo did in M. xanthus. We demonstrated that differential transcriptional modes markedly affected the efficiency of promoters in controlling the gene expressions for the production of the secondary metabolite epothilones. Our study provides an insight into exploiting powerful promoters to produce valuable secondary metabolites, especially in host with limited known promoters.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of SDS on release of intracellular pneumocandin B0 in extractive batch fermentation of Glarea lozoyensis Abstract: Pneumocandin B0 is a hydrophobic secondary metabolite that accumulates in the mycelia of Glarea lozoyensis and inhibits fungal 1,3-β-glucan synthase. Extractive batch fermentation can promote the release of intracellular secondary metabolites into the fermentation broth and is often used in industry. The addition of extractants has been proven as an effective method to attain higher accumulation of hydrophobic secondary metabolites and circumvent troublesome solvent extraction. Various extractants exerted significant but different influences on the biomass and pneumocandin B0 yields. The maximum pneumocandin B0 yield (2528.67 mg/L) and highest extracellular pneumocandin B0 yield (580.33 mg/L) were achieved when 1.0 g/L SDS was added on the 13th day of extractive batch fermentation, corresponding to significant increases of 37.63 and 154% compared with the conventional batch fermentation, respectively. The mechanism behind this phenomenon is partly attributed to the release of intracellular pneumocandin B0 into the fermentation broth and the enhanced biosynthesis of pneumocandin B0 in the mycelia.	0
Abstract2class: Modification of the second translation initiation site restricts the replication of foot-and-mouth disease virus in PK-15 cells Abstract: The translation initiation of foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV) occurs at two alternative initiation sites (Lab AUG and Lb AUG). Usually, the Lb AUG is more favorably used to initiate protein synthesis than the Lab AUG. To explore the effect of Lb AUG on FMDV replication and obtain FMDV with restricted replication, this initiation codon was mutated to a variety of non-AUG codons (UGG, AUC, CUG, and AAA). Fortunately, the modifications did not prevent viral viability but influenced replication characteristics of some FMDV mutants in a cell-specific manner, as was shown by the similar replication in BHK-21 cells and delayed growth kinetics in PK-15 cells. This attenuated phenotype of FMDV mutants in PK-15 cells was found to be correlated with reduced abilities to cleave eIF4GI and suppress interference (IFN) expression. As leader (L) protein was reported to be responsible for eIF4GI cleavage and inhibition of IFN expression, the in vivo L protein synthesis was examined during the infection of FMDV mutants. Our results showed that not only the total yield of L proteins was severely influenced but also the individual yield of L protein was seen to be affected, which implied that both the relative usage of the two initiation sites and overall translation efficiency were changed by Lb AUG modifications. In addition, the in vitro translation activity was also negatively regulated by Lb AUG mutations. Collectively, these findings suggested that the restricted replications of Lb AUG-modified FMDVs were related to the delayed eIF4GI cleavage and decreased ability to block IFN expression but were mainly determined by the inefficient translation initiation. FMDVs precisely with modifications of Lb AUG initiation codon may represent safer seed viruses for vaccine production. KEY POINTS: • The polyprotein translation of FMDV initiates at two alternative initiation sites (Lab AUG and Lb AUG). In order to explore the effect of Lb AUG on FMDV replication and obtain FMDV with restricted replication, the Lb initiation AUG was mutated to a variety of non-AUG codons (UGG, AUC, CUG, and AAA), and four FMDV mutants with Lb AUG modification were generated. • We found that partial FMDV mutants grew almost as well as WT virus in BHK-21 cells, a typical cell line used for FMD vaccine production, but displayed impaired replication in IFN-competent PK-15 cells. • The attenuation of mutant FMDVs in PK-15 cells was found to be correlated with delayed eIF4GI cleavage and decreased ability to block IFN expression. • We proved that the attenuated phenotype of Lb AUG-modified FMDVs was mainly determined by the inefficient translation initiation, as demonstrated by the decrease of total yield of L proteins and individual production of L protein. • We successfully generated genetically engineered FMDV with attenuated phenotype. The approach of precise engineering of FMDV with the modification of initiation codon provides a safe platform to produce inactivated antigen vaccines.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering viable foot-and-mouth disease viruses with increased acid stability facilitate the development of improved vaccines Abstract: Foot-and-mouth disease virus (FMDV), the most acid-unstable virus among picornaviruses, tends to disassemble into pentamers at pH values slightly below neutrality. However, the structural integrity of intact virion is one of the most important factors that influence the induction of a protective antibody response. Thus, improving the acid stability of FMDV is required for the efficacy of vaccine preparations. According to the previous studies, a single substitution or double amino acid substitutions (VP1 N17D, VP2 H145Y, VP2 D86H, VP3 H142D, VP3 H142G, and VP1 N17D + VP2 H145Y) in the capsid were introduced into the full-length infectious clone of type O FMDV vaccine strain O/HN/CHN/93 to develop seed FMDV with improved acid stability. After the transfection into BSR/T7 cells of constructed plasmids, substitution VP1 N17D or VP2 D86H resulted in viable and genetically stable FMDVs, respectively. However, substitution VP2 H145Y or VP1 N17D + VP2 H145Y showed reverse mutation and additional mutations, and substitution VP3 H141G or VP3 H141D prevented viral viability. We found that substitution VP1 N17D or VP2 D86H could confer increased acid resistance, alkali stability, and thermostability on FMDV O/HN/CHN/93, whereas substitution VP1 N17D was observed to lead to a decreased replication ability in BHK-21 cells and mildly impaired virulence in suckling mice. In contrast, substitution VP2 D86H had no negative effect on viral infectivity. These results indicated that the mutant rD86H carrying substitution VP2 D86H firstly reported by us could be more adequate for the development of inactivated FMD vaccines with enhanced acid stability.	0
Abstract2class: The impact of Paenibacillus polymyxa HY96-2 luxS on biofilm formation and control of tomato bacterial wilt Abstract: The focus of this study was to investigate the effects of luxS, a key regulatory gene of the autoinducer-2 (AI-2) quorum sensing (QS) system, on the biofilm formation and biocontrol efficacy against Ralstonia solanacearum by Paenibacillus polymyxa HY96-2. luxS mutants were constructed and assayed for biofilm formation of the wild-type (WT) strain and luxS mutants of P. polymyxa HY96-2 in vitro and in vivo. The results showed that luxS positively regulated the biofilm formation of HY96-2. Greenhouse experiments of tomato bacterial wilt found that from the early stage to late stage postinoculation, the biocontrol efficacy of the luxS deletion strain was the lowest with 50.70 ± 1.39% in the late stage. However, the luxS overexpression strain had the highest biocontrol efficacy with 75.66 ± 1.94% in the late stage. The complementation of luxS could restore the biocontrol efficacy of the luxS deletion strain with 69.84 ± 1.09% in the late stage, which was higher than that of the WT strain with 65.94 ± 2.73%. Therefore, we deduced that luxS could promote the biofilm formation of P. polymyxa HY96-2 and further promoted its biocontrol efficacy against R. solanacearum.	0
Abstract2class: Insect antimicrobial peptides and their applications Abstract: Insects are one of the major sources of antimicrobial peptides/proteins (AMPs). Since observation of antimicrobial activity in the hemolymph of pupae from the giant silk moths Samia Cynthia and Hyalophora cecropia in 1974 and purification of first insect AMP (cecropin) from H. cecropia pupae in 1980, over 150 insect AMPs have been purified or identified. Most insect AMPs are small and cationic, and they show activities against bacteria and/or fungi, as well as some parasites and viruses. Insect AMPs can be classified into four families based on their structures or unique sequences: the α-helical peptides (cecropin and moricin), cysteine-rich peptides (insect defensin and drosomycin), proline-rich peptides (apidaecin, drosocin, and lebocin), and glycine-rich peptides/proteins (attacin and gloverin). Among insect AMPs, defensins, cecropins, proline-rich peptides, and attacins are common, while gloverins and moricins have been identified only in Lepidoptera. Most active AMPs are small peptides of 20-50 residues, which are generated from larger inactive precursor proteins or pro-proteins, but gloverins (~14 kDa) and attacins (~20 kDa) are large antimicrobial proteins. In this mini-review, we will discuss current knowledge and recent progress in several classes of insect AMPs, including insect defensins, cecropins, attacins, lebocins and other proline-rich peptides, gloverins, and moricins, with a focus on structural-functional relationships and their potential applications.	0
Abstract2class: High-level expression and characterization of an anti-VEGF165 single-chain variable fragment (scFv) by small ubiquitin-related modifier fusion in Escherichia coli Abstract: Antibodies currently constitute the most rapidly growing class of human therapeutics; however, the high-yield production of recombinant antibodies and antibody fragments is a real challenge. High expression of active single-chain antibody fragment (scFv) in Escherichia coli has not been successful, as the protein contains three intramolecular disulfide bonds that are difficult to form correctly in the bacterial intracellular environment. To solve this problem, we fused the scFv gene against VEGF165 with a small ubiquitin-related modifier gene (SUMO) by synthesizing an artificial SUMO-scFv fusion gene that was highly expressed in the BL21(DE3) strain. The optimal expression level of the soluble fusion protein, SUMO-scFv, was up to 28.5% of the total cellular protein. The fusion protein was purified by Ni nitrilotriacetic acid (NTA) affinity chromatography and cleaved by a SUMO-specific protease to obtain the native scFv, which was further purified by Ni-NTA affinity chromatography. The result of the high-performance liquid chromatography showed that the purity of the recombinant cleaved scFv was greater than 98%. The primary structure of the purified scFv was confirmed by N-terminal amino acid sequencing and matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectroscopy analysis. In vitro activity assay demonstrated that the recombinant scFv could dose-dependently inhibit VEGF165-induced human umbilical vein-derived endothelial cell proliferation. The expression strategy presented in this study allows convenient high yield and easy purification of recombinant scFv with native sequences.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial communities in different sections of a municipal wastewater treatment plant revealed by 16S rDNA 454 pyrosequencing Abstract: In this study, we successfully demonstrated that 454 pyrosequencing was a powerful approach for investigating the bacterial communities in the activated sludge, digestion sludge, influent, and effluent samples of a full scale wastewater treatment plant treating saline sewage. For each sample, 18,808 effective sequences were selected and utilized to do the bacterial diversity and abundance analysis. In total, 2,455, 794, 1,667, and 1,932 operational taxonomic units were obtained at 3 % distance cutoff in the activated sludge, digestion sludge, influent, and effluent samples, respectively. The corresponding most dominant classes in the four samples are Alphaproteobacteria, Thermotogae, Deltaproteobacteria, and Gammaproteobacteria. About 67 % sequences in the digestion sludge sample were found to be affiliated with the Thermotogales order. Also, these sequences were assigned into a recently proposed genus Kosmotoga by the Ribosomal Database Project classifier. In the effluent sample, we found high abundance of Mycobacterium and Vibrio, which are genera containing pathogenic bacteria. Moreover, in this study, we proposed a method to differentiate the "gene percentage" and "cell percentage" by using Ribosomal RNA Operon Copy Number Database.	0
Abstract2class: Development of putative probiotics as feed additives: validation in a porcine-specific gastrointestinal tract model Abstract: Enforced restrictions on the use of antibiotics as growth promoters (AGPs) in animal production have prompted investigations into alternative feed additives in recent decades. Probiotics are currently the main feed additive used in livestock. However, the selection of probiotic candidates relies on human-based methods and little is known about the verification criteria for host-specific selection. We investigated the probiotic potential of Lactobacillus salivarius strains isolated from fed pig feces for their use as porcine feed additives. Two methods were developed that simulated the pig gastrointestinal (GI) tract and the intestinal epithelium, and these were compared with human-based in vitro methods and used for selecting porcine probiotics. Lactobacillus salivarius strain LS6 was identified as a promising probiotic strain for potential use as a porcine feed additive. This strain prevented disruption of the epithelial integrity of pig small intestine (PSI) cells by inhibiting the adherence of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli K88. It also showed high survival rates in the in vitro pig GI tract model and good adhesion to PSI cells. We propose that host target-specific screening and validation methods are important tools in the development of effective probiotic feed additives, and this approach may support future-oriented agriculture.	0
Abstract2class: On the nutritional and therapeutic effects of ketone body D-β-hydroxybutyrate Abstract: D-β-hydroxybutyrate (D-3HB), a monomer of microbial polyhydroxybutyrate (PHB), is also a natural ketone body produced during carbohydrate deprivation to provide energy to the body cells, heart, and brain. In recent years, increasing evidence demonstrates that D-3HB can induce pleiotropic effects on the human body which are highly beneficial for improving physical and metabolic health. Conventional ketogenic diet (KD) or exogenous ketone salts (KS) and esters (KE) have been used to increase serum D-3HB level. However, strict adaptation to the KD was often associated with poor patient compliance, while the ingestion of KS caused gastrointestinal distresses due to excessive consumption of minerals. As for ingestion of KE, subsequent degradation is required before releasing D-3HB for absorption, making these methods somewhat inferior. This review provides novel insights into a biologically synthesized D-3HB (D-3-hydroxybutyric acid) which can induce a faster increase in plasma D-3HB compared to the use of KD, KS, or KE. It also emphasizes on the most recent applications of D-3HB in different fields, including its use in improving exercise performance and in treating metabolic or age-related diseases. Ketones may become a fourth micro-nutrient that is necessary to the human body along with carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. Indeed, D-3HB being a small molecule with multiple signaling pathways within the body exhibits paramount importance in mitigating metabolic and age-related diseases. Nevertheless, specific dose-response relationships and safety margins of using D-3HB remain to be elucidated with more research. KEY POINTS: • D-3HB induces pleiotropic effects on physical and metabolic health. • Exogenous ketone supplements are more effective than ketogenic diet. • d-3HB as a ketone supplement has long-term healthy impact.	0
Abstract2class: The application of virus-like particles as vaccines and biological vehicles Abstract: Virus-like particles (VLPs) can be spontaneously self-assembled by viral structural proteins under appropriate conditions in vitro while excluding the genetic material and potential replication probability. In addition, VLPs possess several features including can be rapidly produced in large quantities through existing expression systems, highly resembling native viruses in terms of conformation and appearance, and displaying repeated cluster of epitopes. Their capsids can be modified via genetic insertion or chemical conjugation which facilitating the multivalent display of a homologous or heterogeneous epitope antigen. Therefore, VLPs are considered as a safe and effective candidate of prophylactic and therapeutic vaccines. VLPs, with a diameter of approximately 20 to 150 nm, also have the characteristics of nanometer materials, such as large surface area, surface-accessible amino acids with reactive moieties (e.g., lysine and glutamic acid residues), inerratic spatial structure, and good biocompatibility. Therefore, assembled VLPs have great potential as a delivery system for specifically carrying a variety of materials. This review summarized recent researches on VLP development as vaccines and biological vehicles, which demonstrated the advantages and potential of VLPs in disease control and prevention and diagnosis. Then, the prospect of VLP biology application in the future is discussed as well.	0
Abstract2class: Microplastics provide new microbial niches in aquatic environments Abstract: Microplastics in the biosphere are currently of great environmental concern because of their potential toxicity for aquatic biota and human health and association with pathogenic microbiota. Microplastics can occur in high abundance in all aquatic environments, including oceans, rivers and lakes. Recent findings have highlighted the role of microplastics as important vectors for microorganisms, which can form fully developed biofilms on this artificial substrate. Microplastics therefore provide new microbial niches in the aquatic environment, and the developing biofilms may significantly differ in microbial composition compared to natural free-living or particle-associated microbial populations in the surrounding water. In this article, we discuss the composition and ecological function of the microbial communities found in microplastic biofilms. The potential factors that influence the richness and diversity of such microbial microplastic communities are also evaluated. Microbe-microbe and microbe-substrate interactions in microplastic biofilms have been little studied and are not well understood. Multiomics tools together with morphological, physiological and biochemical analyses should be combined to provide a more comprehensive overview on the ecological role of microplastic biofilms. These new microbial niches have so far unknown consequences for microbial ecology and environmental processes in aquatic ecosystems. More knowledge is required on the microbial community composition of microplastic biofilms and their ecological functions in order to better evaluate consequences for the environment and animal health, including humans, especially since the worldwide abundance of microplastics is predicted to dramatically increase. Key Points • Bacteria are mainly studied in community analyses: fungi are neglected. • Microbial colonization of microplastics depends on substrate, location and time. • Community ecology is a promising approach to investigate microbial colonization. • Biodegradable plastics, and ecological roles of microplastic biofilms, need analysis.	0
Abstract2class: Biorecovery of cobalt and nickel using biomass-free culture supernatants from Aspergillus niger Abstract: In this research, the capabilities of culture supernatants generated by the oxalate-producing fungus Aspergillus niger for the bioprecipitation and biorecovery of cobalt and nickel were investigated, as was the influence of extracellular polymeric substances (EPS) on these processes. The removal of cobalt from solution was >90% for all tested Co concentrations: maximal nickel recovery was >80%. Energy-dispersive X-ray analysis (EDXA) and X-ray diffraction (XRD) confirmed the formation of cobalt and nickel oxalate. In a mixture of cobalt and nickel, cobalt oxalate appeared to predominate precipitation and was dependent on the mixture ratios of the two metals. The presence of EPS together with oxalate in solution decreased the recovery of nickel but did not influence the recovery of cobalt. Concentrations of extracellular protein showed a significant decrease after precipitation while no significant difference was found for extracellular polysaccharide concentrations before and after oxalate precipitation. These results showed that extracellular protein rather than extracellular polysaccharide played a more important role in influencing the biorecovery of metal oxalates from solution. Excitation-emission matrix (EEM) fluorescence spectroscopy showed that aromatic protein-like and hydrophobic acid-like substances from the EPS complexed with cobalt but did not for nickel. The humic acid-like substances from the EPS showed a higher affinity for cobalt than for nickel.	0
Abstract2class: Optimization of growth media components for polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) production from organic acids by Ralstonia eutropha Abstract: We employed systematic mixture analysis to determine optimal levels of acetate, propionate, and butyrate for cell growth and polyhydroxyalkanoate (PHA) production by Ralstonia eutropha H16. Butyrate was the preferred acid for robust cell growth and high PHA production. The 3-hydroxyvalerate content in the resulting PHA depended on the proportion of propionate initially present in the growth medium. The proportion of acetate dramatically affected the final pH of the growth medium. A model was constructed using our data that predicts the effects of these acids, individually and in combination, on cell dry weight (CDW), PHA content (%CDW), PHA production, 3HV in the polymer, and final culture pH. Cell growth and PHA production improved approximately 1.5-fold over initial conditions when the proportion of butyrate was increased. Optimization of the phosphate buffer content in medium containing higher amounts of butyrate improved cell growth and PHA production more than 4-fold. The validated organic acid mixture analysis model can be used to optimize R. eutropha culture conditions, in order to meet targets for PHA production and/or polymer HV content. By modifying the growth medium made from treated industrial waste, such as palm oil mill effluent, more PHA can be produced.	0
Abstract2class: Generation, identification, and functional analysis of monoclonal antibodies against porcine epidemic diarrhea virus nucleocapsid Abstract: The variant strains of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) severely threaten the pig industry worldwide and cause up to 100% mortality in suckling piglets. It is critically important and urgent to develop tools for detection of PEDV infection. In this study, we developed six monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) targeting N protein of PEDV and analyzed their applications on enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), indirect immunofluorescence assay (IFA), western blot assay, and flow cytometry assay. The results demonstrated that all these six mAbs were IgG1 isotype and κ chain. Among these six mAbs, 3F12 recognizes a linear epitope (VAAVKDALKSLGI) while the other five mAbs recognize different conformational epitopes formed by a specific peptide fragment or the full length of N protein. The functional analysis showed that all these six mAbs were applicable to ELISA, western blot, IFA, and flow cytometry assay. In conclusion, we developed six mAbs against PEDV-N protein to facilitate the early detection of PEDV infection using ELISA, western blot, IFA, and flow cytometry.	0
Abstract2class: Immune response characterization of mice immunized with Lactobacillus plantarum expressing spike antigen of transmissible gastroenteritis virus Abstract: The highly infectious porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus (TGEV), which belongs to the coronaviruses (CoVs), causes diarrhea and high mortality rates in piglets, resulting in severe economic losses in the pork industry worldwide. In this study, we used Lactobacillus plantarum (L. plantarum) to anchor the expression of TGEV antigen (S) to dendritic cells (DCs) via dendritic cell-targeting peptides (DCpep). The results show that S antigen could be detected on the surface of L. plantarum by different detection methods. Furthermore, flow cytometry and ELISA techniques were used to measure the cellular, mucosal, and humoral immune responses of the different orally gavaged mouse groups. The obtained results demonstrated the significant effect of the constructed L. plantarum expressing S-DCpep fusion proteins in inducing high expression levels of B7 molecules on DCs, as well as high levels of IgG, secretory IgA, and IFN-γ and IL-4 cytokines compared with the other groups. Accordingly, surface expression of DC-targeted antigens successfully induced cellular, mucosal, and humoral immunity in mice and could be used as a vaccine.	0
Abstract2class: Single-domain antibodies as promising experimental tools in imaging and isolation of porcine epidemic diarrhea virus Abstract: Single-domain antibody (sdAb) or nanobody possesses specific features non-accessible for conventional antibodies that make them suitable for research and biotechnological applications. Porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (PEDV) causes lethal diarrhea in piglets, resulting in great economic losses all over the world. To detect and isolate PEDV rapidly and accurately is important for the control and further research of the clinical PEDV strains. In this study, four sdAb fragments (sdAb-Mc19/29/30/37) targeting the membrane (M) protein of PEDV were selected from sdAb library that was constructed through M protein-immunized Camelus bactrianus. The selected sdAb-Mcs were solubly expressed in Escherichia coli. The functional characteristics analysis revealed that the recombinant sdAb-Mcs have excellent binding activity and specificity to M protein but have no neutralizing activity to PEDV. For further application, sdAb-Mc37 was conjugated with quantum dots to synthesize a nanoprobe for imaging PEDV in vero cells. The observed fluorescence in vero cells clearly reflects that PEDV virions can be reliably recognized and labeled by the nanoprobe. Furthermore, the sdAb-Mc29 was conjugated with superparamagnetic nanobeads to construct immunomagnetic nanobeads (IMNBs) used to isolate PEDV. One PEDV strain was successfully isolated from clinical fecal sample, suggesting IMNBs as a novel and efficient tool suitable for PEDV isolation from clinical samples. This study provided a novel application and substantiated the suitability of sdAb as a specific binder for the isolation of viruses.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-disciplinary approaches to assist with nucleic acid testing for SARS-CoV-2 Abstract: Improving the capacity of detecting positive severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 is critical for identifying the infection of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) precisely and thereby curbing the pandemic. Cross-disciplinary approaches may improve the efficiency of COVID-19 diagnosis by compensating to some extent the limitations encountered by traditional test methods during the COVID-19 pandemic. Combining computed tomography (CT), serum-specific antibody detection, and nanopore sequencing with nucleic acid testing for individual testing may improve the accuracy of identifying COVID-19 patients. At community or even regional/national levels, the combination of pooled screening and spatial epidemiological strategies may enable the detection of early transmission of epidemics in a cost-effective way, which is also less affected by restricted access to diagnostic tests and kit supplies. This would significantly advance our capacity of curbing epidemics as soon as possible, and better prepare us for entering a new era of high-impact and high-frequency epidemics.	0
Abstract2class: Potential role of IFN-α in COVID-19 patients and its underlying treatment options Abstract: The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by a severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has spread rapidly worldwide. Given that this contagious viral outbreak is still unfolding, it is urgent to understand the pathogenesis of SARS-CoV-2 infection and explore effective treatments to protect patients from developing a severe illness related to COVID-19. Recently, IFN-α has been considered a potential therapeutic strategy to treat COVID-19 disease, mainly because the innate immune system rapidly produces IFN-α as the first line of defense to combat viral infections. However, IFN-α can also play a role in immunoregulatory effects, causing pathogenic damage and uncontrolled inflammatory responses. There are 13 human IFN-α subtypes that bind to the same receptor and induce different interferon-stimulated gene (ISG) expression, regulating various antiviral and immunoregulatory effects. The varying degrees of inflammatory regulations may raise concerns about the possible side effects to enlarge the inflammatory responses, exacerbating the severity of infection. Thus, the analysis of various IFN-α subtype induction during SARS-CoV-2 infection is necessary in exploring the mechanism of COVID-19 pathogenesis. This review summarizes the current understanding of IFN-α in the pathogenesis of respiratory virus diseases and IFN-α based clinical intervention used in SARS-CoV-2 infection and other respiratory virus diseases. Besides, new ideas in selecting suitable IFN-α subtypes or combinations as drug candidates for viral infection treatment will also be discussed.Key Points• IFN-α plays an important role in anti-viral and immunoregulatory effects in COVID-19 patients caused by SARS-CoV-2.• The uncontrolled inflammation and disease severity correlated to the diversity of IFN-α subtype induction.• Selecting suitable IFN-α subtypes or combinations as drug candidates will be beneficial for the treatment of patients with COVID-19.	0
Abstract2class: Production and characterization of a recombinant single-chain antibody against Hantaan virus envelop glycoprotein Abstract: Hantaan virus (HTNV) is the type of Hantavirus causing hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome, for which no specific therapeutics are available so far. Cell type-specific internalizing antibodies can be used to deliver therapeutics intracellularly to target cell and thus, have potential application in anti-HTNV infection. To achieve intracellular delivery of therapeutics, it is necessary to obtain antibodies that demonstrate sufficient cell type-specific binding, internalizing, and desired cellular trafficking. Here, we describe the prokaryotic expression, affinity purification, and functional testing of a single-chain Fv antibody fragment (scFv) against HTNV envelop glycoprotein (GP), an HTNV-specific antigen normally located on the membranes of HTNV-infected cells. This HTNV GP-targeting antibody, scFv3G1, was produced in the cytoplasm of Escherichia coli cells as a soluble protein and was purified by immobilized metal affinity chromatography. The purified scFv possessed a high specific antigen-binding activity to HTNV GP and HTNV-infected Vero E6 cells and could be internalized into HTNV-infected cells probably through the clathrin-dependent endocytosis pathways similar to that observed with transferrin. Our results showed that the E. coli-produced scFv had potential applications in targeted and intracellular delivery of therapeutics against HTNV infections.	0
Abstract2class: Titer improvement of iso-migrastatin in selected heterologous Streptomyces hosts and related analysis of mRNA expression by quantitative RT-PCR Abstract: iso-Migrastatin (iso-MGS) has been actively pursued recently as an outstanding candidate of antimetastasis agents. Having characterized the iso-MGS biosynthetic gene cluster from its native producer Streptomyces platensis NRRL 18993, we have recently succeeded in producing iso-MGS in five selected heterologous Streptomyces hosts, albeit the low titers failed to meet expectations and cast doubt on the utility of this novel technique for large-scale production. To further explore and capitalize on the production capacity of these hosts, a thorough investigation of these five engineered strains with three fermentation media for iso-MGS production was undertaken. Streptomyces albus J1074 and Streptomyces lividans K4-114 were found to be preferred heterologous hosts, and subsequent analysis of carbon and nitrogen sources revealed that sucrose and yeast extract were ideal for iso-MGS production. After the initial optimization, the titers of iso-MGS in all five hosts were considerably improved by 3-18-fold in the optimized R2YE medium. Furthermore, the iso-MGS titer of S. albus J1074 (pBS11001) was significantly improved to 186.7 mg/L by a hybrid medium strategy. Addition of NaHCO(3) to the latter finally afforded an optimized iso-MGS titer of 213.8 mg/L, about 5-fold higher than the originally reported system. With S. albus J1074 (pBS11001) as a model host, the expression of iso-MGS gene cluster in four different media was systematically studied via the quantitative RT-PCR technology. The resultant comparison revealed the correlation of gene expression and iso-MGS production for the first time; synchronous expression of the whole gene cluster was crucial for optimal iso-MGS production. These results reveal new insights into the iso-MGS biosynthetic machinery in heterologous hosts and provide the primary data to realize large-scale production of iso-MGS for further preclinical studies.	0
Abstract2class: Substrate-specific transcription of the enigmatic GH61 family of the pathogenic white-rot fungus Heterobasidion irregulare during growth on lignocellulose Abstract: The GH61 represents the most enigmatic Glycoside Hydrolase family (GH) regarding enzymatic activity and importance in cellulose degradation. Heterobasidion irregulare is a necrotizing pathogen and white-rot fungus that causes enormous damages in conifer forests. The genome of H. irregulare allowed identification of ten HiGH61 genes. qRT-PCR analysis separate the HiGH61 members into two groups; one that show up regulation on lignocellulosic substrates (HiGH61A, HiGH61B, HiGH61D, HiGH61G, HiGH61H, and HiGH61I) and a second showing either down-regulation or constitutive expression (HiGH61C, HiGH61E, HiGH61F, and HiGH61J). HiGH61H showed up to 17,000-fold increase on spruce heartwood suggesting a pivotal role in cellulose decomposition during saprotrophic growth. Sequence analysis of these genes reveals that all GH61s except HiGH61G possess the conserved metal-binding motif essential for activity. The sequences also divide into groups having either an insert near the N terminus or an insert near the second catalytic histidine, which may represent extensions of the substrate-binding surface. Three of the HiGH61s encode cellulose-binding modules (CBM1). Interestingly, HiGH61H and HiGH61I having CBM1s are up-regulated on pure cellulose. There was a common substrate-specific induction patterns of the HiGH61s with several reference cellulolytic and hemicellulolytic GHs, this taken together with their low transcript levels on media lacking lignocellulose, reflect the concerted nature of cell wall polymer degradation.	0
Abstract2class: Monitoring of the bacterial and fungal biodiversity and dynamics during Massa Medicata Fermentata fermentation Abstract: The microbial community dynamics play an important role during Massa Medicata Fermentata (MMF) fermentation. In this study, bacterial and fungal communities were investigated based on the culture-dependent method and polymerase chain reaction-denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis analysis. Meanwhile the dynamic changes of digestive enzyme activities were also examined. Plating results showed that MMF fermentation comprised two stages: pre-fermentation stage (0-4 days) was dominated by bacterial community and post-fermentation stage (5-9 days) was dominated by fungal community. The amount of bacteria reached the highest copy number 1.2 × 10(10) CFU/g at day 2, but the fungi counts reached 6.3 × 10(5) CFU/g at day 9. A total of 170 isolates were closely related to genera Enterobacter, Klebsiella, Acinetobacter, Pseudomonas, Mucor, Saccharomyces, Rhodotorula, and Amylomyces. DGGE analysis showed a clear reduction of bacterial and fungal diversity during fermentation, and the dominant microbes belonged to genera Enterobacter, Pediococcus, Pseudomonas, Mucor, and Saccharomyces. Digestive enzyme assay showed filter paper activity; the activities of amylase, carboxymethyl cellulase, and lipase reached a peak at day 4; and the protease activity constantly increased until the end of the fermentation. In this study, we carried out a detailed and comprehensive analysis of microbial communities as well as four digestive enzymes' activities during MMF fermentation process. The monitoring of bacterial and fungal biodiversity and dynamics during MMF fermentation has significant potential for controlling the fermentation process.	0
Abstract2class: Differential modulation of avian β-defensin and Toll-like receptor expression in chickens infected with infectious bronchitis virus Abstract: The host innate immune response either clears invading viruses or allows the adaptive immune system to establish an effective antiviral response. In this study, both pathogenic (passage 3, P3) and attenuated (P110) infectious bronchitis virus (IBV) strains were used to study the immune responses of chicken to IBV infection. Expression of avian β-defensins (AvBDs) and Toll-like receptors (TLRs) in 16 tissues of chicken were compared at 7 days PI. The results showed that P3 infection upregulated the expression of AvBDs, including AvBD2, 4, 5, 6, 9, and 12, while P110 infection downregulated the expression of AvBDs, including AvBD3, 4, 5, 6, and 9 in most tissues. Meanwhile, the expression level of several TLRs showed a general trend of upregulation in the tissues of P3-infected chickens, while they were downregulated in the tissues of P110-infected chickens. The result suggested that compared with the P110 strain, the P3 strain induced a more pronounced host innate immune response. Furthermore, we observed that recombinant AvBDs (including 2, 6, and 12) demonstrated obvious anti-viral activity against IBV in vitro. Our findings contribute to the proposal that IBV infection induces an increase in the messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of some AvBDs and TLRs, which suggests that AvBDs may play significant roles in the resistance of chickens to IBV replication.	0
Abstract2class: Functional investigation of the chromosomal ccdAB and hipAB operon in Escherichia coli Nissle 1917 Abstract: Toxin-antitoxin systems (TASs) have attracted much attention due to their important physiological functions. These small genetic factors have been widely studied mostly in commensal Escherichia coli strains, whereas the role of TASs in the probiotic E. coli Nissle 1917 (EcN) is still elusive. Here, the physiological role of chromosomally encoded type II TASs in EcN was examined. We showed that gene pair ECOLIN_00240-ECOLIN_00245 and ECOLIN_08365-ECOLIN_08370 were two functional TASs encoding CcdAB and HipAB, respectively. The homologs of CcdAB and HipAB were more conserved in E. coli species belonging to pathogenic groups, suggesting their important roles in EcN. CRISPRi-mediated repression of ccdAB and hipAB significantly reduced the biofilm formation of EcN in the stationary phase. Moreover, ccdAB and hipAB were shown to be responsible for the persister formation in EcN. Biofilm and persister formation of EcN controlled by the ccdAB and hipAB were associated with the expression of genes involved in DNA synthesis, SOS response, and stringent response. Besides, CRISPRi was proposed to be an efficient tool in annotating multiple TASs simultaneously. Collectively, our results advance knowledge and understanding of the role of TASs in EcN, which will enhance the utility of EcN in probiotic therapy.Key points• Two TASs in EcN were identified as hipAB and ccdAB.• Knockdown of HipAB and CcdAB resulted in decreased biofilm formation of EcN.• Transcriptional silencing of hipAB and ccdAB affected the persister formation of EcN.• An attractive link between TASs and stress response was unraveled in EcN.• CRISPRi afforded a fast and in situ annotation of multiple TASs simultaneously.	0
Abstract2class: Genetically engineered production of 1,1'-bis-valienamine and validienamycin in Streptomyces hygroscopicus and their conversion to valienamine Abstract: The antifungal agent validamycin A is an important crop protectant and the source of valienamine, the precursor of the antidiabetic drug voglibose. Inactivation of the valN gene in the validamycin A producer, Streptomyces hygroscopicus subsp. jinggangensis 5008, resulted in a mutant strain that produces new secondary metabolites 1,1'-bis-valienamine and validienamycin. The chemical structures of 1,1'-bis-valienamine and validienamycin were elucidated by 1D and 2D nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy in conjunction with mass spectrometry and bioconversion employing a glycosyltransferase enzyme, ValG. 1,1'-Bis-valienamine and validienamycin exhibit a moderate antifungal activity against Pellicularia sasakii. Chemical degradation of 1,1'-bis-valienamine using N-bromosuccinimide followed by purification of the products with ion-exchange column chromatography only resulted in valienamine, whereas parallel treatments of validoxylamine A, the aglycon of validamycin A, resulted in an approximately 1:1 mixture of valienamine and validamine, underscoring the advantage of 1,1'-bis-valienamine over validoxylamine A as a commercial source of valienamine.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and characterization of new Δ-17 fatty acid desaturases Abstract: ω-3 fatty acid desaturase is a key enzyme for the biosynthesis of ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids via the oxidative desaturase/elongase pathways. Here we report the identification of three ω-3 desaturases from oomycetes, Pythium aphanidermatum, Phytophthora sojae, and Phytophthora ramorum. These new ω-3 desaturases share 55 % identity at the amino acid level with the known Δ-17 desaturase of Saprolegnia diclina, and about 31 % identity with the bifunctional Δ-12/Δ-15 desaturase of Fusarium monoliforme. The three enzymes were expressed in either wild-type or codon optimized form in an engineered arachidonic acid producing strain of Yarrowia lipolytica to study their activity and substrate specificity. All three were able to convert the ω-6 arachidonic acid to the ω-3 eicosapentanoic acid, with a substrate conversion efficiency of 54-65 %. These enzymes have a broad ω-6 fatty acid substrate spectrum, including both C18 and C20 ω-6 fatty acids although they prefer the C20 substrates, and have strong Δ-17 desaturase activity but weaker Δ-15 desaturase activity. Thus, they belong to the Δ-17 desaturase class. Unlike the previously identified bifunctional Δ-12/Δ-15 desaturase from F. monoliforme, they lack Δ-12 desaturase activity. The newly identified Δ-17 desaturases could use fatty acids in both acyl-CoA and phospholipid fraction as substrates. The identification of these Δ-17 desaturases provides a set of powerful new tools for genetic engineering of microbes and plants to produce ω-3 fatty acids, such as eicosapentanoic acid and docosahexanoic acid, at high levels.	0
Abstract2class: Enhanced C30 carotenoid production in Bacillus subtilis by systematic overexpression of MEP pathway genes Abstract: Creating novel biosynthetic pathways and modulating the synthesis of important compounds are one of the hallmarks of synthetic biology. Understanding the key parameters controlling the flux of chemicals throughout a metabolic pathway is one of the challenges ahead. Isoprenoids are the most functionally and structurally diverse group of natural products from which numerous medicines and relevant fine chemicals are derived. The well-characterized and broadly used production organism Bacillus subtilis forms an ideal background for creating and studying novel synthetic routes. In comparison to other bacteria, B. subtilis emits the volatile compound isoprene, the smallest representative of isoprenoids, in high concentrations and thus represents an interesting starting point for an isoprenoid cell factory. In this study, the effect of systematic overexpression of the genes involved in the methylerythritol phosphate (MEP) pathway on isoprenoid production in B. subtilis was investigated. B. subtilis strains harboring a plasmid containing C30 carotenoid synthetic genes, crtM and crtN, were combined with pHCMC04G plasmids carrying various synthetic operons of the MEP pathway genes. The levels of produced carotenoids, diaponeurosporene and diapolycopene, were used as indication of the role of the various enzymes on the flux of the MEP pathway. It was shown that the production of carotenoids can be increased significantly by overexpressing the MEP pathway enzymes. More broadly, the strains developed in this study can be used as a starting point for various isoprenoid cell factories.	0
Abstract2class: A cellulolytic fungal biofilm enhances the consolidated bioconversion of cellulose to short chain fatty acids by the rumen microbiome Abstract: The ability of the multispecies biofilm membrane reactors (MBM reactors) to provide distinguished niches for aerobic and anaerobic microbes at the same time was used for the investigation of the consolidated bioprocessing of cellulose to short chain fatty acids (SCFAs). A consortium based consolidated bioprocess (CBP) was designed. The rumen microbiome was used as the converting microbial consortium, co-cultivated with selected individual aerobic fungi which formed a biofilm on the tubular membrane flushed with oxygen. The beneficial effect of the fungal biofilm on the process yields and productivities was attributed to the enhanced cellulolytic activities compared with those achieved by the rumen microbiome alone. At 30 °C, the MBM system with Trichoderma reesei biofilm reached a concentration 39% higher (7.3 g/L SCFAs), than the rumen microbiome alone (5.1 g/L) using 15 g/L crystalline cellulose as the substrate. Fermentation temperature was crucial especially for the composition of the short chain fatty acids produced. The temperature increase resulted in shorter fatty acids produced. While a mixture of acetic, propionic, butyric, and caproic acids was produced at 30 °C with Trichoderma reesei biofilm, butyric and caproic acids were not detected during the fermentations at 37.5 °C carried out with Coprinopsis cinerea as the biofilm forming fungus. Apart from the presence of the fungal biofilm, no parameter studied had a significant impact on the total yield of organic acids produced, which reached 0.47 g of total SCFAs per g of cellulose (at 30 °C and at pH 6, with rumen inoculum to total volume ratio equal to 0.372).	0
Abstract2class: Performance and microbial community variations of anaerobic digesters under increasing tetracycline concentrations Abstract: The impact of different concentrations of tetracycline on the performance of anaerobic treatment was evaluated. Results revealed that for all of the tested tetracycline concentrations, no major sustained impact on methane production was observed. Instead, a significant increase in propionic acid was observed in the reactor subjected to the highest concentration of tetracycline (20 mg/L). Microbial community analyses suggest that an alternative methanogenic pathway, specifically that of methanol-utilizing methanogens, may be important for ensuring the stability of methane production in the presence of high tetracycline concentrations. In addition, the accumulation of propionate was due to an increase in volatile fatty acids (VFA)-producing bacteria coupled with a reduction in propionate utilizers. An increase in the abundance of tetracycline resistance genes associated with ribosomal protection proteins was observed after 30 days of exposure to high concentrations of tetracycline, while other targeted resistance genes showed no significant changes. These findings suggest that anaerobic treatment processes can robustly treat wastewater with varying concentrations of antibiotics while also deriving value-added products and minimizing the dissemination of associated antibiotic resistance genes.	0
Abstract2class: The antiviral protein cyanovirin-N: the current state of its production and applications Abstract: Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/AIDS continues to spread worldwide, and most of the HIV-infected people living in developing countries have little or no access to highly active antiretroviral therapy. The development of efficient and low-cost microbicides to prevent sexual transmission of HIV should be given high priority because there is no vaccine available yet. Cyanovirin-N (CVN) is an entry inhibitor of HIV and many other viruses, and it represents a new generation of microbicide that has specific and potent activity, a different mechanism of action, and unusual chemicophysical stability. In vitro and in vivo antiviral tests suggested that the anti-HIV effect of CVN is stronger than a well-known gp120-targeted antibody (2G12) and another microbicide candidate, PRO2000. CVN is a cyanobacteria-derived protein that has special structural features, making the artificial production of this protein very difficult. In order to develop an efficient and relatively low-cost approach for large-scale production of recombinant CVN to satisfy medical use, this protein has been expressed in many systems by trial and error. Here, to summarize the potential and remaining challenges for the development of this protein into an HIV prevention agent, the progress in the structural mechanism determination, heterologous production and pharmacological evaluation of CVN is reviewed.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial survival in evaporating deposited droplets on a teflon-coated surface Abstract: Understanding of bacterial survival in aerosols is crucial for controlling infection transmission via airborne aerosols and/or large droplets routes. The cell viability changes of four bacteria species (Escherichia coli K12 JM109; Acinetobacter sp. 5A5; Pseudomonas oleovorans X5; and Staphylococcus aureus X8), three Gram-negative and one Gram-positive, in a large evaporating droplet of size 1,800 microm in diameter on teflon-coated slides were measured using the LIVE/DEAD BacLight solution and a microscope. Droplets of three levels of salinity (0, 0.9, and 36% w/v) were tested. All four species survived well during the droplet evaporation process, but died mostly at the time when droplets were dried out at 40-45 min. The final bacteria survival rate after droplets were completely dried was dependent on bacteria species and the salinity of the suspension solution. Droplet evaporation over the first 35-40 min had no adverse effect on bacterial survival for the droplets tested. The lethal effect of desiccation was found to be the most important death mechanism.	0
Abstract2class: Sustainable source of omega-3 eicosapentaenoic acid from metabolically engineered Yarrowia lipolytica: from fundamental research to commercial production Abstract: The omega-3 fatty acids, cis-5, 8, 11, 14, and 17-eicosapentaenoic acid (C20:5; EPA) and cis-4, 7, 10, 13, 16, and 19-docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6; DHA), have wide-ranging benefits in improving heart health, immune function, mental health, and infant cognitive development. Currently, the major source for EPA and DHA is from fish oil, and a minor source of DHA is from microalgae. With the increased demand for EPA and DHA, DuPont has developed a clean and sustainable source of the omega-3 fatty acid EPA through fermentation using metabolically engineered strains of Yarrowia lipolytica. In this mini-review, we will focus on DuPont's technology for EPA production. Specifically, EPA biosynthetic and supporting pathways have been introduced into the oleaginous yeast to synthesize and accumulate EPA under fermentation conditions. This Yarrowia platform can also produce tailored omega-3 (EPA, DHA) and/or omega-6 (ARA, GLA) fatty acid mixtures in the cellular lipid profiles. Fundamental research such as metabolic engineering for strain construction, high-throughput screening for strain selection, fermentation process development, and process scale-up were all needed to achieve the high levels of EPA titer, rate, and yield required for commercial application. Here, we summarize how we have combined the fundamental bioscience and the industrial engineering skills to achieve large-scale production of Yarrowia biomass containing high amounts of EPA, which led to two commercial products, New Harvest™ EPA oil and Verlasso® salmon.	0
Abstract2class: Development of thermostable sucrose phosphorylase by semi-rational design for efficient biosynthesis of alpha-D-glucosylglycerol Abstract: Sucrose phosphorylase (SPase) can specifically catalyze transglycosylation reactions and can be used to enzymatically synthesize α-D-glycosides. However, the low thermostability of SPase has been a bottleneck for its industrial application. In this study, a SPase gene from Leuconostoc mesenteroides ATCC 12,291 (LmSPase) was synthesized with optimized codons and overexpressed successfully in Escherichia coli. A semi-rational design strategy that combined the FireProt (a web server designing thermostable proteins), structure-function analysis, and molecular dynamic simulations was used to improve the thermostability of LmSPase. Finally, one single-point mutation T219L and a combination mutation I31F/T219L/T263L/S360A (Mut4) with improved thermostability were obtained. The half-lives at 50 °C of T219L and Mut4 both increased approximately two-fold compared to that of wild-type LmSPase (WT). Furthermore, the two variants T219L and Mut4 were used to produce α-D-glucosylglycerol (αGG) from sucrose and glycerol by incubating with 40 U/mL crude extracts at 37 °C for 60 h and achieved the product concentration of 193.2 ± 12.9 g/L and 195.8 ± 13.1 g/L, respectively, which were approximately 1.3-fold higher than that of WT (150.4 ± 10.0 g/L). This study provides an effective strategy for improving the thermostability of an industrial enzyme. KEY POINTS: • Predicted potential hotspot residues directing the thermostability of LmSPase by semi-rational design • Screened two positive variants with higher thermostability and higher activity • Synthesized α-D-glucosylglycerol to a high level by two screened positive variants.	0
Abstract2class: Research progress on Toll-like receptor signal transduction and its roles in antimicrobial immune responses Abstract: When microorganisms invade a host, the innate immune system first recognizes the pathogen-associated molecular patterns of these microorganisms through pattern recognition receptors (PRRs). Toll-like receptors (TLRs) are known transmembrane PRRs existing in both invertebrates and vertebrates. Upon ligand recognition, TLRs initiate a cascade of signaling events; promote the pro-inflammatory cytokine, type I interferon, and chemokine expression; and play an essential role in the modulation of the host's innate and adaptive immunity. Therefore, it is of great significance to improve our understanding of antimicrobial immune responses by studying the role of TLRs and their signal molecules in the host's defense against invading microbes. This paper aims to summarize the specificity of TLRs in recognition of conserved microbial components, such as lipoprotein, lipopolysaccharide, flagella, endosomal nucleic acids, and other bioactive metabolites derived from microbes. This set of interactions helps to elucidate the immunomodulatory effect of TLRs and the signal transduction changes involved in the infectious process and provide a novel therapeutic strategy to combat microbial infections.	0
Abstract2class: Lactic acid bacteria--20 years exploring their potential as live vectors for mucosal vaccination Abstract: Lactic acid bacteria (LAB) are a diverse group of Gram-positive, nonsporulating, low G + C content bacteria. Many of them have been given generally regarded as safe status. Over the past two decades, intensive genetic and molecular research carried out on LAB, mainly Lactococcus lactis and some species of the Lactobacillus genus, has revealed new, potential biomedical LAB applications, including the use of LAB as adjuvants, immunostimulators, or therapeutic drug delivery systems, or as factories to produce therapeutic molecules. LAB enable immunization via the mucosal route, which increases effectiveness against pathogens that use the mucosa as the major route of entry into the human body. In this review, we concentrate on the encouraging application of Lactococcus and Lactobacillus genera for the development of live mucosal vaccines. First, we present the progress that has recently been made in the field of developing tools for LAB genetic manipulations, which has resulted in the successful expression of many bacterial, parasitic, and viral antigens in LAB strains. Next, we discuss the factors influencing the efficacy of the constructed vaccine prototypes that have been tested in various animal models. Apart from the research focused on an application of live LABs as carriers of foreign antigens, a lot of work has been recently done on the potential usage of nonliving, nonrecombinant L. lactis designated as Gram-positive enhancer matrix (GEM), as a delivery system for mucosal vaccination. The advantages and disadvantages of both strategies are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: High cell density perfusion process for high yield of influenza A virus production using MDCK suspension cells Abstract: Similar to the recent COVID-19 pandemic, influenza A virus poses a constant threat to the global community. For the treatment of flu disease, both antivirals and vaccines are available with vaccines the most effective and safest approach. In order to overcome limitations in egg-based vaccine manufacturing, cell culture-based processes have been established. While this production method avoids egg-associated risks in face of pandemics, process intensification using animal suspension cells in high cell density perfusion cultures should allow to further increase manufacturing capacities worldwide. In this work, we demonstrate the development of a perfusion process using Madin-Darby canine kidney (MDCK) suspension cells for influenza A (H1N1) virus production from scale-down shake flask cultivations to laboratory scale stirred tank bioreactors. Shake flask cultivations using semi-perfusion mode enabled high-yield virus harvests (4.25 log10(HAU/100 μL)) from MDCK cells grown up to 41 × 106 cells/mL. Scale-up to bioreactors with an alternating tangential flow (ATF) perfusion system required optimization of pH control and implementation of a temperature shift during the infection phase. Use of a capacitance probe for on-line perfusion control allowed to minimize medium consumption. This contributed to a better process control and a more economical performance while maintaining a maximum virus titer of 4.37 log10(HAU/100 μL) and an infectious virus titer of 1.83 × 1010 virions/mL. Overall, this study clearly demonstrates recent advances in cell culture-based perfusion processes for next-generation high-yield influenza vaccine manufacturing for pandemic preparedness. KEY POINTS: • First MDCK suspension cell-based perfusion process for IAV produciton was established. • "Cell density effect" was overcome and process was intensified by reduction of medium use and automated process control. • The process achieved cell density over 40 × 106 cells/mL and virus yield over 4.37 log10(HAU/100 μL).	0
Abstract2class: Characterization and evolution of an activator-independent methanol dehydrogenase from Cupriavidus necator N-1 Abstract: Methanol utilization by methylotrophic or non-methylotrophic organisms is the first step toward methanol bioconversion to higher carbon-chain chemicals. Methanol oxidation using NAD-dependent methanol dehydrogenase (Mdh) is of particular interest because it uses NAD(+) as the electron carrier. To our knowledge, only a limited number of NAD-dependent Mdhs have been reported. The most studied is the Bacillus methanolicus Mdh, which exhibits low enzyme specificity to methanol and is dependent on an endogenous activator protein (ACT). In this work, we characterized and engineered a group III NAD-dependent alcohol dehydrogenase (Mdh2) from Cupriavidus necator N-1 (previously designated as Ralstonia eutropha). This enzyme is the first NAD-dependent Mdh characterized from a Gram-negative, mesophilic, non-methylotrophic organism with a significant activity towards methanol. Interestingly, unlike previously reported Mdhs, Mdh2 does not require activation by known activators such as B. methanolicus ACT and Escherichia coli Nudix hydrolase NudF, or putative native C. necator activators in the Nudix family under mesophilic conditions. This enzyme exhibited higher or comparable activity and affinity toward methanol relative to the B. methanolicus Mdh with or without ACT in a wide range of temperatures. Furthermore, using directed molecular evolution, we engineered a variant (CT4-1) of Mdh2 that showed a 6-fold higher K cat/K m for methanol and 10-fold lower K cat/K m for n-butanol. Thus, CT4-1 represents an NAD-dependent Mdh with much improved catalytic efficiency and specificity toward methanol compared with the existing NAD-dependent Mdhs with or without ACT activation.	0
Abstract2class: An unusual metal-bound 4-fluorothreonine transaldolase from Streptomyces sp. MA37 catalyses promiscuous transaldol reactions Abstract: β-Hydroxy-α-amino acids (βH-AAs) are key components of many bioactive molecules as well as exist as specialised metabolites. Among these βH-AAs, 4-fluorothreonine (4-FT) is the only naturally occurring fluorinated AA discovered thus far. Here we report overexpression and biochemical characterisation of 4-fluorothreonine transaldolase from Streptomyces sp. MA37 (FTaseMA), a homologue of FTase previously identified in the biosynthesis of 4-FT in S. cattleya. FTaseMA displays considerable substrate plasticity to generate 4-FT as well as other β-hydroxy-α-amino acids with various functionalities at C4 position, giving the prospect of new chemo-enzymatic applications. The enzyme has a hybrid of two catalytic domains, serine hydroxymethyltransferase (S) and aldolase (A). Site-directed mutagenesis allowed the identification of the key residues of FTases, suggesting that the active site of A domain has a historical reminiscent feature in metal-dependent aldolases. Elemental analysis demonstrated that FTaseMA is indeed a Zn2+-dependent enzyme, the first example of pyridoxal phosphate (PLP) enzyme family fused with a metal-binding domain carrying out a distinct catalytic role. Finally, FTaseMA showed divergent evolutionary origin with other PLP dependent enzymes.	0
Abstract2class: A multiplex oligonucleotide ligation-PCR as a complementary tool for subtyping of Salmonella Typhimurium Abstract: Subtyping below the serovar level is essential for surveillance and outbreak detection and investigation of Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium (S. Typhimurium) and its monophasic variant 1,4,[5],12:i:- (S. 1,4,[5],12:i:-), frequent causes of foodborne infections. In an attempt to overcome the intrinsic shortcomings of currently used subtyping techniques, a multiplex oligonucleotide ligation-PCR (MOL-PCR) assay was developed which combines different types of molecular markers in a high-throughput microsphere suspension array. The 52 molecular markers include prophage genes, amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) elements, Salmonella genomic island 1 (SGI1), allantoinase gene allB, MLVA locus STTR10, antibiotic resistance genes, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and phase 2 flagellar gene fljB. The in vitro stability of these markers was confirmed in a serial passage experiment. The validation of the MOL-PCR assay for subtyping of S. Typhimurium and S. 1,4,[5],12:i:- on 519 isolates shows that the method is rapid, reproducible, flexible, accessible, easy to use and relatively inexpensive. Additionally, a 100 % typeability and a discriminatory power equivalent to that of phage typing were observed, and epidemiological concordance was assessed on isolates of 2 different outbreaks. Furthermore, a data analysis method is provided so that the MOL-PCR assay allows for objective, computerised data analysis and data interpretation of which the results can be easily exchanged between different laboratories in an international surveillance network.	0
Abstract2class: Teaching an old pET new tricks: tuning of inclusion body formation and properties by a mixed feed system in E. coli Abstract: Against the outdated belief that inclusion bodies (IBs) in Escherichia coli are only inactive aggregates of misfolded protein, and thus should be avoided during recombinant protein production, numerous biopharmaceutically important proteins are currently produced as IBs. To obtain correctly folded, soluble product, IBs have to be processed, namely, harvested, solubilized, and refolded. Several years ago, it was discovered that, depending on cultivation conditions and protein properties, IBs contain partially correctly folded protein structures, which makes IB processing more efficient. Here, we present a method of tailored induction of recombinant protein production in E. coli by a mixed feed system using glucose and lactose and its impact on IB formation. Our method allows tuning of IB amount, IB size, size distribution, and purity, which does not only facilitate IB processing, but is also crucial for potential direct applications of IBs as nanomaterials and biomaterials in regenerative medicine.	0
Abstract2class: Bifunctional TaqII restriction endonuclease: redefining the prototype DNA recognition site and establishing the Fidelity Index for partial cleaving Abstract: Background:                       The TaqII enzyme is a member of the Thermus sp. enzyme family that we propounded previously within Type IIS restriction endonucleases, containing related thermophilic bifunctional endonucleases-methyltransferases from various Thermus sp.: TaqII, Tth111II, TthHB27I, TspGWI, TspDTI and TsoI. These enzymes show significant nucleotide and amino acid sequence similarities, a rare phenomenon among restriction endonucleases, along with similarities in biochemical properties, molecular size, DNA recognition sequences and cleavage sites. They also feature some characteristics of Types I and III.                  Results:                       Barker et al. reported the Type IIS/IIC restriction endonuclease TaqII as recognizing two distinct cognate site variants (5'-GACCGA-3' and 5'-CACCCA-3') while cleaving 11/9 nucleotides downstream. We used four independent methods, namely, shotgun cloning and sequencing, restriction pattern analysis, digestion of particular custom substrates and GeneScan analysis, to demonstrate that the recombinant enzyme recognizes only 5'-GACCGA-3' sites and cleaves 11/9 nucleotides downstream. We did not observe any 5'-CACCCA-3' cleavage under a variety of conditions and site arrangements tested. We also characterized the enzyme biochemically and established new digestion conditions optimal for practical enzyme applications. Finally, we developed and propose a new version of the Fidelity Index - the Fidelity Index for Partial Cleavage (FI-PC).                  Conclusions:                       The DNA recognition sequence of the bifunctional prototype TaqII endonuclease-methyltransferase from Thermus aquaticus has been redefined as recognizing only 5'-GACCGA-3' cognate sites. The reaction conditions (pH and salt concentrations) were designed either to minimize (pH = 8.0 and 10 mM ammonium sulphate) or to enhance star activity (pH = 6.0 and no salt). Redefinition of the recognition site and reaction conditions makes this prototype endonuclease a useful tool for DNA manipulation; as yet, this enzyme has no practical applications. The extension of the Fidelity Index will be helpful for DNA manipulation with enzymes only partially cleaving DNA.	0
Abstract2class: A new Alkalitolerant Yarrowia lipolytica yeast strain is a promising model for dissecting properties and regulation of Na+ -dependent phosphate transport systems Abstract: A newly isolated osmo-, salt-, and alkalitolerant Yarrowia lipolytica yeast strain is distinguished from other yeast species by its capacity to grow vigorously at alkaline pH values (9.7), which makes it a promising model organism for studying Na+-dependent phosphate transport systems in yeasts. Phosphate uptake by Y. lipolytica cells grown at pH 9.7 was mediated by several kinetically discrete Na+-dependent systems specifically activated by Na+. One of these, a low-affinity transporter, operated at high concentrations of extracellular phosphate. The other two, high-affinity systems, maximally active in phosphate-starved cells, were repressed or derepressed depending on the prevailing extracellular phosphate concentration and pH value. The contribution of Na+/P(i)-cotransport systems to the total cellular phosphate uptake progressively increased with increasing pH, reaching its maximum at pH >/= 9.	0
Abstract2class: Telomerase: structure, functions, and activity regulation Abstract: Telomerase is the enzyme responsible for maintenance of the length of telomeres by addition of guanine-rich repetitive sequences. Telomerase activity is exhibited in gametes and stem and tumor cells. In human somatic cells proliferation potential is strictly limited and senescence follows approximately 50-70 cell divisions. In most tumor cells, on the contrary, replication potential is unlimited. The key role in this process of the system of the telomere length maintenance with involvement of telomerase is still poorly studied. No doubt, DNA polymerase is not capable to completely copy DNA at the very ends of chromosomes; therefore, approximately 50 nucleotides are lost during each cell cycle, which results in gradual telomere length shortening. Critically short telomeres cause senescence, following crisis, and cell death. However, in tumor cells the system of telomere length maintenance is activated. Besides catalytic telomere elongation, independent telomerase functions can be also involved in cell cycle regulation. Inhibition of the telomerase catalytic function and resulting cessation of telomere length maintenance will help in restriction of tumor cell replication potential. On the other hand, formation of temporarily active enzyme via its intracellular activation or due to stimulation of expression of telomerase components will result in telomerase activation and telomere elongation that can be used for correction of degenerative changes. Data on telomerase structure and function are summarized in this review, and they are compared for evolutionarily remote organisms. Problems of telomerase activity measurement and modulation by enzyme inhibitors or activators are considered as well.	0
Abstract2class: Production of biologically active human myelocytokines in plants Abstract: An effective system for expression of human granulocyte and granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factors (hG-CSF and hGM-CSF) in Nicotiana benthamiana plants was developed using viral vector based on tobacco mosaic virus infecting cruciferous plants. The genes of target proteins were cloned into the viral vector driven by actin promoter of Arabidopsis thaliana. The expression vectors were delivered into plant cells by agroinjection. Maximal synthesis rate was detected 5 days after injection and was up to 500 and 300 mg per kg of fresh leaves for hG-CSF and hGM-CSF, respectively. The yield of purified hG-CSF and hGM-CSF was 100 and 50 mg/kg of fresh leaves, respectively. Recombinant plant-made hG-CSF and hGM-CSF stimulated proliferation of murine bone marrow and human erythroleucosis TF-1 cells, respectively, at the same rate as the commercial drugs.	0
Abstract2class: Prion nucleation site unmasked by transient interaction with phospholipid cofactor Abstract: Infectious mammalian prions can be formed de novo from purified recombinant prion protein (PrP) substrate through a pathway that requires the sequential addition of 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoglycerol (POPG) and RNA cofactor molecules. Recent studies show that the initial interaction between PrP and POPG causes widespread and persistent conformational changes to form an insoluble intermediate species, termed PrP(Int1). Here, we characterize the mechanism and functional consequences of the interaction between POPG and PrP. Negative-stain electron microscopy of PrP(Int1) revealed the presence of amorphous aggregates. Pull-down and photoaffinity label experiments indicate that POPG induces the formation of a PrP(C) polybasic-domain-binding neoepitope within PrP(Int1). The ongoing presence of POPG is not required to maintain PrP(Int1) structure, as indicated by the absence of stoichiometric levels of POPG in solid-state NMR measurements of PrP(Int1). Together, these results show that a transient interaction with POPG cofactor unmasks a PrP(C) binding site, leading to PrP(Int1) aggregation.	0
Abstract2class: Papillomaviruses--to vaccination and beyond Abstract: High risk human papillomavirus (HPV) types 16 and 18 DNAs were initially identified in 1983-1984. Subsequently the DNA of several other high risk HPV types has been identified. HPV 16 is present in more than 50% of cervical cancer biopsies, and HPV 18 is close to 20%. Some geographic variations exist in the prevalence of HPV high risk types: e.g. HPV 45 is more frequently observed in equatorial Africa, whereas types 58 and 52 have been more often found in East Asia. Molecular as well as epidemiological studies demonstrate that high risk HPV are indeed the causative agents for cervical cancer, they are also involved in other anogenital cancers, and in 25-30% of oropharyngeal carcinomas. Some of the mechanistic aspects are discussed in this review.	0
Abstract2class: Mammalian target of Rapamycin inhibition and mycobacterial survival are uncoupled in murine macrophages Abstract: Background:                       Autophagy is a cellular response to intracellular pathogens including mycobacteria and is induced by the direct inhibitors of mammalian target of Rapamycin (mTOR), a major negative regulator of autophagy. Autophagy induction by mTOR inhibition (mTOR dependent autophagy), through chemical means or starvation, leads to mycobacterial killing in infected cells. However, previous work by our group has shown that mycobacterial infection of macrophages naturally induces both autophagy and mammalian target of Rapamycin (mTOR) activity (mTOR independent autophagy). In the current work, we further explore the relationship between mTOR activity and mycobacterial killing in macrophages.                  Results:                       While low concentrations of the mTOR inhibitors, Rapamycin, Torin 1, and Torin 2, can effectively reduce or block mTOR activity in response to lipopolysaccharides (LPS) or mycobacteria, higher concentrations (10 uM) are required to observe Mycobacterium smegmatis killing. The growth of M. smegmatis was also inhibited by high concentrations of Rapamycin in LC3B and ATG5 deficient bone marrow derived macrophages, suggesting that non-autophagic mechanisms might contribute to killing at high doses. Since mycobacterial killing could be observed only at fairly high concentrations of the mTOR inhibitors, exceeding doses necessary to inhibit mTOR, we hypothesized that high doses of Rapamycin, the most commonly utilized mTOR inhibitor for inducing autophagic killing, may exert a direct bactericidal effect on the mycobacteria. Although a short-term treatment of mycobacteria with Rapamycin did not substantially affect mycobacterial growth, a long-term exposure to Rapamycin could impact mycobacterial growth in vitro in select species.                  Conclusions:                       This data, coupled with previous work from our laboratory, further indicates that autophagy induction by mTOR inhibition is an artificial means to increase mycobacterial killing and masks more relevant endogenous autophagic biochemistry that needs to be understood.	0
Abstract2class: DNA damage recognition of mutated forms of UvrB proteins in nucleotide excision repair Abstract: The DNA repair protein UvrB plays an indispensable role in the stepwise and sequential damage recognition of nucleotide excision repair in Escherichia coli. Our previous studies suggested that UvrB is responsible for the chemical damage recognition only upon a strand opening mediated by UvrA. Difficulties were encountered in studying the direct interaction of UvrB with adducts due to the presence of UvrA. We report herein that a single point mutation of Y95W in which a tyrosine is replaced by a tryptophan results in an UvrB mutant that is capable of efficiently binding to structure-specific DNA adducts even in the absence of UvrA. This mutant is fully functional in the UvrABC incisions. The dissociation constant for the mutant-DNA adduct interaction was less than 100 nM at physiological temperatures as determined by fluorescence spectroscopy. In contrast, similar substitutions at other residues in the beta-hairpin with tryptophan or phenylalanine do not confer UvrB such binding ability. Homology modeling of the structure of E. coli UvrB shows that the aromatic ring of residue Y95 and only Y95 directly points into the DNA binding cleft. We have also examined UvrB recognition of both "normal" bulky BPDE-DNA and protein-cross-linked DNA (DPC) adducts and the roles of aromatic residues of the beta-hairpin in the recognition of these lesions. A mutation of Y92W resulted in an obvious decrease in the efficiency of UvrABC incisions of normal adducts, while the incision of the DPC adduct is dramatically increased. Our results suggest that Y92 may function differently with these two types of adducts, while the Y95 residue plays an unique role in stabilizing the interaction of UvrB with DNA damage, most likely by a hydrophobic stacking.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of DNA adduct structure and sequence context on strand opening of repair intermediates and incision by UvrABC nuclease Abstract: DNA damage recognition of nucleotide excision repair (NER) in Escherichia coli is achieved by at least two steps. In the first step, a helical distortion is recognized, which leads to a strand opening at the lesion site. The second step involves the recognition of the type of chemical modification in the single-stranded region of DNA during the processing of the lesions by UvrABC. In the current work, by comparing the efficiencies of UvrABC incision of several types of different DNA adducts, we show that the size and position of the strand opening are dependent on the type of DNA adducts. Optimal incision efficiency for the C8-guanine adducts of 2-aminofluorene (AF) and N-acetyl-2-aminofluorene (AAF) was observed in a bubble of three mismatched nucleotides, whereas the same for C8-guanine adduct of 1-nitropyrene and N(2)-guanine adducts of benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide (BPDE) was noted in a bubble of six mismatched nucleotides. This suggests that the size of the aromatic ring system of the adduct might influence the extent and number of bases associated with the opened strand region catalyzed by UvrABC. We also showed that the incision efficiency of the AF or AAF adduct was affected by the neighboring DNA sequence context, which, in turn, was the result of differential binding of UvrA to the substrates. The sequence context effect on both incision and binding disappeared when a bubble structure of three bases was introduced at the adduct site. We therefore propose that these effects relate to the initial step of damage recognition of DNA structural distortion. The structure-function relationships in the recognition of the DNA lesions, based on our results, have been discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Crystal structures of phosphite dehydrogenase provide insights into nicotinamide cofactor regeneration Abstract: The enzyme phosphite dehydrogenase (PTDH) catalyzes the NAD(+)-dependent conversion of phosphite to phosphate and represents the first biological catalyst that has been shown to conduct the enzymatic oxidation of phosphorus. Despite investigation for more than a decade into both the mechanism of its unusual reaction and its utility in cofactor regeneration, there has been a lack of any structural data for PTDH. Here we present the cocrystal structure of an engineered thermostable variant of PTDH bound to NAD(+) (1.7 Å resolution), as well as four other cocrystal structures of thermostable PTDH and its variants with different ligands (all between 1.85 and 2.3 Å resolution). These structures provide a molecular framework for understanding prior mutational analysis and point to additional residues, located in the active site, that may contribute to the enzymatic activity of this highly unusual catalyst.	0
Abstract2class: Microbiota and mitobiota. Putting an equal sign between mitochondria and bacteria Abstract: The recent revival of old theories and setting them on modern scientific rails to a large extent are also relevant to mitochondrial science. Given the widespread belief that mitochondria are symbionts of ancient bacterial origin, the processes inherent to mitochondrial physiology can be revised based on their comparative analysis with possible involvement of bacteria. Such comparison combined with discussion of the role of microbiota in pathogenesis allows discussion of the role of "mitobiota" (we introduce this term) as the combination of different phenotypic manifestations of mitochondria in the organism reflecting pathological changes in the mitochondrial genome. When putting an equal sign between mitochondria and bacteria, we find similarity between the mitochondrial and bacterial theories of cancer. The presence of the term "bacterial infection" suggests "mitochondrial infection", and mitochondrial (oxidative) theory of aging can in some way be transformed into a "bacterial theory of aging". The possible existence of such processes and the data confirming their presence are discussed in this review. If such a comparison has the right to exist, the homeostasis of "mitobiota" is of not lesser physiological importance than homeostasis of microbiota, which has been so intensively discussed recently.	0
Abstract2class: Perspectives of mitochondrial medicine Abstract: Mitochondrial medicine was established more than 50 years ago after discovery of the very first pathology caused by impaired mitochondria. Since then, more than 100 mitochondrial pathologies have been discovered. However, the number may be significantly higher if we interpret the term "mitochondrial medicine" more widely and include in these pathologies not only those determined by the genetic apparatus of the nucleus and mitochondria, but also acquired mitochondrial defects of non-genetic nature. Now the main problems of mitochondriology arise from methodology, this being due to studies of mitochondrial activities under different models and conditions that are far from the functioning of mitochondria in a cell, organ, or organism. Controversial behavior of mitochondria ("friends and foes") to some extent might be explained by their bacterial origin with possible preservation of "egoistic" features peculiar to bacteria. Apparently, for normal mitochondrial functioning it is essential to maintain homeostasis of a number of mitochondrial elements such as mitochondrial DNA structure, membrane potential, and the system of mitochondrial quality control. Abrogation of these elements can cause a number of pathologies that have become subjects of mitochondrial medicine. Some approaches to therapy of mitochondrial pathologies are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: The phenoptosis problem: what is causing the death of an organism? Lessons from acute kidney injury Abstract: Programmed execution of various cells and intracellular structures is hypothesized to be not the only example of elimination of biological systems - the general mechanism can also involve programmed execution of organs and organisms. Modern rating of programmed cell death mechanisms includes 13 mechanistic types. As for some types, the mechanism of actuation and manifestation of cell execution has been basically elucidated, while the causes and intermediate steps of the process of fatal failure of organs and organisms remain unknown. The analysis of deaths resulting from a sudden heart arrest or multiple organ failure and other acute and chronic pathologies leads to the conclusion of a special role of mitochondria and oxidative stress activating the immune system. Possible mechanisms of mitochondria-mediated induction of the signaling cascades involved in organ failure and death of the organism are discussed. These mechanisms include generation of reactive oxygen species and damage-associated molecular patterns in mitochondria. Some examples of renal failure-induced deaths are presented with mechanisms and settings determined by some hypothetical super system rather than by the kidneys themselves. This system plays the key role in the process of physiological senescence and termination of an organism. The facts presented suggest that it is the immune system involved in mitochondrial signaling that can act as the system responsible for the organism's death.	0
Abstract2class: The mitochondrion as janus bifrons Abstract: The signaling function of mitochondria is considered with a special emphasis on their role in the regulation of redox status of the cell, possibly determining a number of pathologies including cancer and aging. The review summarizes the transport role of mitochondria in energy supply to all cellular compartments (mitochondria as an electric cable in the cell), the role of mitochondria in plastic metabolism of the cell including synthesis of heme, steroids, iron-sulfur clusters, and reactive oxygen and nitrogen species. Mitochondria also play an important role in the Ca(2+)-signaling and the regulation of apoptotic cell death. Knowledge of mechanisms responsible for apoptotic cell death is important for the strategy for prevention of unwanted degradation of postmitotic cells such as cardiomyocytes and neurons.	0
Abstract2class: Reactive oxygen and nitrogen species: friends or foes? Abstract: Chemical and physiological functions of molecular oxygen and reactive oxygen species (ROS) and existing equilibrium between pools of pro-oxidants and anti-oxidants providing steady state ROS level vital for normal mitochondrial and cell functioning are reviewed. The presence of intracellular oxygen and ROS sensors is postulated and few candidates for this role are suggested. Possible involvement of ROS in the process of fragmentation of mitochondrial reticulum made of long mitochondrial filaments serving in the cell as "electric cables", as well as the role of ROS in apoptosis and programmed mitochondrial destruction (mitoptosis) are reviewed. The critical role of ROS in destructive processes under ischemia/reoxygenation and ischemic preconditioning is discussed. Mitochondrial permeability transition gets special consideration as a possible component of the apoptotic cascade, resulting in excessive "ROS-induced ROS release".	0
Abstract2class: The length of the bound fatty acid influences the dynamics of the acyl carrier protein and the stability of the thioester bond Abstract: Acyl carrier proteins involved in fatty acid biosynthesis have been shown to exhibit a high degree of conformational flexibility, in that they are able to sequester fatty acid intermediates between 4 and 18 carbons in length. This flexibility has been observed in X-ray and NMR structures of acyl carrier proteins attached to different fatty acids. NMR studies comparing decanoyl-ACP and stearoyl-ACP indicated that ACP exhibits more dynamic motions when bound to longer fatty acids. We have used complementary chemical and NMR methods as an approach to improving our understanding of the effect of fatty acid length on the dynamics of acyl carrier protein. A chemical assay of the accessibility of the acyl thioester to solvent revealed a positive correlation between chain length and rate of hydrolysis. Surprisingly, this linear correlation was biphasic, with accelerated hydrolysis observed for fatty acids longer than 15 carbons. To further understand the motions associated with this acceleration, we collected (15)N relaxation dispersion data for 14:0-, 15:0-, and 16:0-ACP. The greatest dispersions were exhibited by residues that form the entrance to the fatty acid binding pocket. In addition, these dispersions were observed to increase with the length of the fatty acid. Because the exchange rates derived from fitting the data to a two-state model varied from residue to residue, a more complex motional model appears to be required to adequately explain the dynamics. Thus, acyl-ACP offers an interesting system for future investigations of complex protein motions on the micro- and millisecond time scales.	0
Abstract2class: Solution structures of spinach acyl carrier protein with decanoate and stearate Abstract: Acyl carrier protein (ACP) is a cofactor in a variety of biosynthetic pathways, including fatty acid metabolism. Thus, it is of interest to determine structures of physiologically relevant ACP-fatty acid complexes. We report here the NMR solution structures of spinach ACP with decanoate (10:0-ACP) and stearate (18:0-ACP) attached to the 4'-phosphopantetheine prosthetic group. The protein in the fatty acid complexes adopts a single conformer, unlike apo- and holo-ACP, which interconvert in solution between two major conformers. The protein component of both 10:0- and 18:0-ACP adopts the four-helix bundle topology characteristic of ACP, and a fatty acid binding cavity was identified in both structures. Portions of the protein close in space to the fatty acid and the 4'-phosphopantetheine were identified using filtered/edited NOESY experiments. A docking protocol was used to generate protein structures containing bound fatty acid for 10:0- and 18:0-ACP. In both cases, the predominant structure contained fatty acid bound down the center of the helical bundle, in agreement with the location of the fatty acid binding pockets. These structures demonstrate the conformational flexibility of spinach ACP and suggest how the protein changes to accommodate its myriad binding partners.	0
Abstract2class: Blue light-induced dimerization of a bacterial LOV-HTH DNA-binding protein Abstract: With their utilization of light-driven allostery to control biochemical activities, photosensory proteins are of great interest as model systems and novel reagents for use by the basic science and engineering communities. One such protein, the light-activated EL222 transcription factor, from the marine bacterium Erythrobacter litoralis HTCC2594, is appealing for such studies, as it harnesses blue light to drive the reorientation of light-oxygen-voltage (LOV) sensory and helix-turn-helix (HTH) effector domains to allow photoactivation of gene transcription in natural and artificial systems. The protein conformational changes required for this process are not well understood, in part because of the relatively short lifetime of the EL222 photoexcited state (τ ∼ 29 s), which complicates its characterization via certain biophysical methods. Here we report how we have circumvented this limitation by creating an EL222 variant harboring V41I, L52I, A79Q, and V121I point mutations (AQTrip) that stabilizes the photoactivated state. Using the wild-type and AQTrip EL222 proteins, we have probed EL222 activation using a combination of solution scattering, nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), and electromobility shift assays. Size-exclusion chromatography and light scattering indicate that AQTrip oligomerizes in the absence of DNA and selects for an EL222 dimer-DNA complex in the presence of DNA substrates. These results are confirmed in wild-type EL222 with a high-affinity DNA-binding site that stabilizes the complex. NMR analyses of the EL222-DNA complex confirm a 2:1 stoichiometry in the presence of a previously characterized DNA substrate. Combined, these novel approaches have validated a key mechanistic step, whereby blue light induces EL222 dimerization through LOV and HTH interfaces.	0
Abstract2class: Variations in protein-flavin hydrogen bonding in a light, oxygen, voltage domain produce non-Arrhenius kinetics of adduct decay Abstract: Light, oxygen, voltage (LOV) domains utilize a conserved blue light-dependent mechanism to control a diverse array of effector domains in biological and engineered proteins. Variations in the kinetics and efficiency of LOV photochemistry fine-tune various aspects of the photic response. Characterization of the kinetics of a key aspect of this photochemical mechanism in EL222, a blue light responsive DNA binding protein from Erythrobacter litoralis HTCC2594, reveals unique non-Arrhenius behavior in the rate of dark-state cleavage of the photochemically generated adduct. Sequence analysis and mutagenesis studies establish that this effect stems from a Gln to Ala mutation unique to EL222 and homologous proteins from marine bacteria. Kinetic and spectroscopic analyses reveal that hydrogen bonding interactions between the FMN N1, O2, and ribityl hydroxyls and the surrounding protein regulate photocycle kinetics and stabilize the LOV active site from temperature-induced alteration in local structure. Substitution of residues interacting with the N1-O2 locus modulates adduct stability, structural flexibility, and sequestration of the active site from bulk solvent without perturbation of light-activated DNA binding. Together, these variants link non-Arrhenius behavior to specific alteration of an H-bonding network, while affording tunability of photocycle kinetics.	0
Abstract2class: Tripping the light fantastic: blue-light photoreceptors as examples of environmentally modulated protein-protein interactions Abstract: Blue-light photoreceptors play a pivotal role in detecting the quality and quantity of light in the environment, controlling a wide range of biological responses. Several families of blue-light photoreceptors have been characterized in detail using biophysics and biochemistry, beginning with photon absorption, through intervening signal transduction, to regulation of biological activities. Here we review the light oxygen voltage, cryptochrome, and sensors of blue light using FAD families, three different groups of proteins that offer distinctly different modes of photochemical activation and signal transduction yet play similar roles in a vast array of biological responses. We cover mechanisms of light activation and propagation of conformational responses that modulate protein-protein interactions involved in biological signaling. Discovery and characterization of these processes in natural proteins are now allowing the design of photoregulatable engineered proteins, facilitating the generation of novel reagents for biochemical and cell biological research.	0
Abstract2class: Light activation of the LOV protein vivid generates a rapidly exchanging dimer Abstract: The fungal photoreceptor Vivid (VVD) plays an important role in the adaptation of blue-light responses in Neurospora crassa. VVD, an FAD-binding LOV (light, oxygen, voltage) protein, couples light-induced cysteinyl adduct formation at the flavin ring to conformational changes in the N-terminal cap (Ncap) of the VVD PAS domain. Size-exclusion chromatography (SEC), equilibrium ultracentrifugation, and static and dynamic light scattering show that these conformational changes generate a rapidly exchanging VVD dimer, with an expanded hydrodynamic radius. A three-residue N-terminal beta-turn that assumes two different conformations in a crystal structure of a VVD C71V variant is essential for light-state dimerization. Residue substitutions at a critical hinge between the Ncap and PAS core can inhibit or enhance dimerization, whereas a Tyr to Trp substitution at the Ncap-PAS interface stabilizes the light-state dimer. Cross-linking through engineered disulfides indicates that the light-state dimer differs considerably from the dark-state dimer found in VVD crystal structures. These results verify the role of Ncap conformational changes in gating the photic response of N. crassa and indicate that LOV-LOV homo- or heterodimerization may be a mechanism for regulating light-activated gene expression.	0
Abstract2class: Dependence of prePhoA-phospholipid interaction in vivo and in vitro on charge of signal peptide N-terminus and content of anionic phospholipids in membranes Abstract: Replacement of the positively charged signal peptide with neutral or negatively charged peptides due to substitution of Lys(-20) in the N-terminal region of the signal peptide leads to decreases in the rate of prePhoA membrane translocation in vivo and in the efficiency of prePhoA insertion into liposomes in vitro. The effect of anionic phospholipids on prePhoA insertion into model membranes is determined by the signal peptide N-terminus charge, while the dependence of prePhoA translocation across the cytoplasmic membrane in vivo is not, under the studied variations in the content of anionic phospholipids. This is evidence of the possibility of direct electrostatic interaction between the signal peptide N-terminus and anionic phospholipids, which in vivo, however, seems to involve some proteins of the Sec machinery.	0
Abstract2class: Promiscuous binding at the crossroads of numerous cancer pathways: insight from the binding of glutaminase interacting protein with glutaminase L Abstract: The glutaminase interacting protein (GIP) is composed of a single PDZ domain that interacts with a growing list of partner proteins, including glutaminase L, that are involved in a number of cell signaling and cancer pathways. Therefore, GIP makes a good target for structure-based drug design. Here, we report the solution structures of both free GIP and GIP bound to the C-terminal peptide analogue of glutaminase L. This is the first reported nuclear magnetic resonance structure of GIP in a complex with one of its binding partners. Our analysis of both free GIP and GIP in a complex with the glutaminase L peptide provides important insights into how a promiscuous binding domain can have affinity for multiple binding partners. Through a detailed chemical shift perturbation analysis and backbone dynamics studies, we demonstrate here that the binding of the glutaminase L peptide to GIP is an allosteric event. Taken together, the insights reported here lay the groundwork for the future development of a specific inhibitor for GIP.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of coiled-coil interactions between core proteins of the spindle pole body Abstract: The spindle pole body (SPB) is a multiprotein complex that organizes microtubules in yeast. Due to its large size and association with the nuclear membrane, little is known about its detailed structure. In particular, although many SPB components and some of the interactions between them have been identified, the molecular details of how most of these interactions occur are not known. The prevalence of predicted coiled-coil regions in SPB proteins suggests that some interactions may occur via coiled coils. Here this hypothesis is supported by biochemical characterization of isolated coiled-coil peptides derived from SPB proteins. Formation of four strongly self-associating coiled-coil complexes from Spc29, Spc42, and Spc72 was demonstrated by circular dichroism (CD) spectroscopy and a fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) assay. Many weaker self- and heteroassociations were also detected by CD, FRET, and/or cross-linking. The thermal stabilities of nine candidate homooligomers were assessed; six unfolded cooperatively with melting temperatures ranging from <11 to >50 degrees C. Solution studies established that coiled-coil peptides derived from Spc42 and Spc72 form parallel dimers, and this was confirmed for Spc42 by a high-resolution crystal structure. These data contribute to a growing body of knowledge that will ultimately provide a detailed model of the SPB structure.	0
Abstract2class: Evidence for the involvement of human DNA polymerase N in the repair of DNA interstrand cross-links Abstract: Human DNA polymerase N (PolN) is an A-family nuclear DNA polymerase whose function is unknown. This study examines the possible role of PolN in DNA repair in human cells treated with PolN-targeted siRNA. HeLa cells with siRNA-mediated knockdown of PolN were more sensitive than control cells to DNA cross-linking agent mitomycin C (MMC) but were not hypersensitive to UV irradiation. The MMC hypersensitivity of PolN knockdown cells was rescued by the overexpression of DNA polymerase-proficient PolN but not by DNA polymerase-deficient PolN. Furthermore, in vitro experiments showed that purified PolN conducts low-efficiency nonmutagenic bypass of a psoralen DNA interstrand cross-link (ICL), whose structure resembles an intermediate in the proposed pathway of ICL repair. These results suggest that PolN might play a role in translesion DNA synthesis during ICL repair in human cells.	0
Abstract2class: Single-molecule studies reveal a hidden key step in the activation mechanism of membrane-bound protein kinase C-α Abstract: Protein kinase C-α (PKCα) is a member of the conventional family of protein kinase C isoforms (cPKCs) that regulate diverse cellular signaling pathways, share a common activation mechanism, and are linked to multiple pathologies. The cPKC domain structure is modular, consisting of an N-terminal pseudosubstrate peptide, two inhibitory domains (C1A and C1B), a targeting domain (C2), and a kinase domain. Mature, cytoplasmic cPKCs are inactive until they are switched on by a multistep activation reaction that occurs largely on the plasma membrane surface. Often, this activation begins with a cytoplasmic Ca(2+) signal that triggers C2 domain targeting to the plasma membrane where it binds phosphatidylserine (PS) and phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2). Subsequently, the appearance of the signaling lipid diacylglycerol (DAG) activates the membrane-bound enzyme by recruiting the inhibitory pseudosubstrate and one or both C1 domains away from the kinase domain. To further investigate this mechanism, this study has utilized single-molecule total internal reflection fluorescence microscopy (TIRFM) to quantitate the binding and lateral diffusion of full-length PKCα and fragments missing specific domain(s) on supported lipid bilayers. Lipid binding events, and events during which additional protein is inserted into the bilayer, were detected by their effects on the equilibrium bound particle density and the two-dimensional diffusion rate. In addition to the previously proposed activation steps, the findings reveal a major, undescribed, kinase-inactive intermediate. On bilayers containing PS or PS and PIP2, full-length PKCα first docks to the membrane via its C2 domain, and then its C1A domain embeds itself in the bilayer even before DAG appears. The resulting pre-DAG intermediate with membrane-bound C1A and C2 domains is the predominant state of PKCα while it awaits the DAG signal. The newly detected, membrane-embedded C1A domain of this pre-DAG intermediate confers multiple useful features, including enhanced membrane affinity and longer bound state lifetime. The findings also identify the key molecular step in kinase activation: because C1A is already membrane-embedded in the kinase off state, recruitment of C1B to the bilayer by DAG or phorbol ester is the key regulatory event that stabilizes the kinase on state. More broadly, this study illustrates the power of single-molecule methods in elucidating the activation mechanisms and hidden regulatory states of membrane-bound signaling proteins.	0
Abstract2class: The PH domain of phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 exhibits a novel, phospho-regulated monomer-dimer equilibrium with important implications for kinase domain activation: single-molecule and ensemble studies Abstract: Phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 (PDK1) is an essential master kinase recruited to the plasma membrane by the binding of its C-terminal PH domain to the signaling lipid phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3). Membrane binding leads to PDK1 phospho-activation, but despite the central role of PDK1 in signaling and cancer biology, this activation mechanism remains poorly understood. PDK1 has been shown to exist as a dimer in cells, and one crystal structure of its isolated PH domain exhibits a putative dimer interface. It has been proposed that phosphorylation of PH domain residue T513 (or the phospho-mimetic T513E mutation) may regulate a novel PH domain dimer-monomer equilibrium, thereby converting an inactive PDK1 dimer to an active monomer. However, the oligomeric states of the PH domain on the membrane have not yet been determined, nor whether a negative charge at position 513 is sufficient to regulate its oligomeric state. This study investigates the binding of purified wild-type (WT) and T513E PDK1 PH domains to lipid bilayers containing the PIP3 target lipid, using both single-molecule and ensemble measurements. Single-molecule analysis of the brightness of the fluorescent PH domain shows that the PIP3-bound WT PH domain on membranes is predominantly dimeric while the PIP3-bound T513E PH domain is monomeric, demonstrating that negative charge at the T513 position is sufficient to dissociate the PH domain dimer and is thus likely to play a central role in PDK1 monomerization and activation. Single-molecule analysis of two-dimensional (2D) diffusion of PH domain-PIP3 complexes reveals that the dimeric WT PH domain diffuses at the same rate as a single lipid molecule, indicating that only one of its two PIP3 binding sites is occupied and there is little penetration of the protein into the bilayer as observed for other PH domains. The 2D diffusion of T513E PH domain is slower, suggesting the negative charge disrupts local structure in a way that allows deeper insertion of the protein into the viscous bilayer, thereby increasing the diffusional friction. Ensemble measurements of PH domain affinity for PIP3 on plasma membrane-like bilayers reveal that the dimeric WT PH domain possesses a one order of magnitude higher target membrane affinity than the previously characterized monomeric PH domains, consistent with a dimerization-triggered, allosterically enhanced affinity for one PIP3 molecule (a much larger affinity enhancement would be expected for dimerization-triggered binding to two PIP3 molecules). The monomeric T513E PDK1 PH domain, like other monomeric PH domains, exhibits a PIP3 affinity and bound state lifetime that are each 1 order of magnitude lower than those of the dimeric WT PH domain, which is predicted to facilitate release of activated, monomeric PDK1 to the cytoplasm. Overall, the study yields the first molecular picture of PH domain regulation via electrostatic control of dimer-monomer conversion.	0
Abstract2class: Assembly of membrane-bound protein complexes: detection and analysis by single molecule diffusion Abstract: Protein complexes assembled on membrane surfaces regulate a wide array of signaling pathways and cell processes. Thus, a molecular understanding of the membrane surface diffusion and regulatory events leading to the assembly of active membrane complexes is crucial to signaling biology and medicine. Here we present a novel single molecule diffusion analysis designed to detect complex formation on supported lipid bilayers. The usefulness of the method is illustrated by detection of an engineered, heterodimeric complex in which two membrane-bound pleckstrin homology (PH) domains associate stably, but reversibly, upon Ca(2+)-triggered binding of calmodulin (CaM) to a target peptide from myosin light chain kinase (MLCKp). Specifically, when a monomeric, fluorescent PH-CaM domain fusion protein diffusing on a supported bilayer binds a dark MLCKp-PH domain fusion protein, the heterodimeric complex is observed to diffuse nearly 2-fold more slowly than the monomer because both of its twin PH domains can simultaneously bind to the viscous bilayer. In a mixed population of monomers and heterodimers, the single molecule diffusion analysis resolves, identifies and quantitates the rapidly diffusing monomers and slowly diffusing heterodimers. The affinity of the CaM-MLCKp interaction is measured by titrating dark MLCKp-PH construct into the system, while monitoring the changing ratio of monomers and heterodimers, yielding a saturating binding curve. Strikingly, the apparent affinity of the CaM-MLCKp complex is ~10(2)-fold greater in the membrane system than in solution, apparently due to both faster complex association and slower complex dissociation on the membrane surface. More broadly, the present findings suggest that single molecule diffusion measurements on supported bilayers will provide an important tool for analyzing the 2D diffusion and assembly reactions governing the formation of diverse membrane-bound complexes, including key complexes from critical signaling pathways. The approach may also prove useful in pharmaceutical screening for compounds that inhibit membrane complex assembly or stability.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a cobalt-specific P(1B)-ATPase Abstract: The P(1B)-type ATPases are a ubiquitous family of P-type ATPases involved in the transport of transition metal ions. Divided into subclasses based on sequence characteristics and substrate specificity, these integral membrane transporters play key roles in metal homeostasis, metal tolerance, and the biosynthesis of metalloproteins. The P(1B-4)-ATPases have the simplest architecture of the five P(1B)-ATPase families and have been suggested to play a role in Co(2+) transport. A P(1B-4)-ATPase from Sulfitobacter sp. NAS-14.1, designated sCoaT, has been cloned, expressed, and purified. Activity assays indicate that sCoaT is specific for Co(2+). A single Co(2+) binding site is present, and optical, electron paramagnetic resonance, and X-ray absorption spectroscopic data are consistent with tetrahedral coordination by oxygen and nitrogen ligands, including a histidine and likely a water. Surprisingly, there is no evidence for coordination by sulfur. Mutation of a conserved cysteine residue, Cys 327, in the signature transmembrane Ser-Pro-Cys metal binding motif does not abolish the ATP hydrolysis activity or affect the spectroscopic analysis, establishing that this residue is not involved in the initial Co(2+) binding by sCoaT. In contrast, replacements of conserved transmembrane residues Ser 325, His 657, Glu 658, and Thr 661 with alanine abolish ATP hydrolysis activity and Co(2+) binding, indicating that these residues are necessary for Co(2+) transport. These data represent the first in vitro characterization of a P(1B-4)-ATPase and its Co(2+) binding site.	0
Abstract2class: Cell membrane expression of cardiac sodium channel Na(v)1.5 is modulated by alpha-actinin-2 interaction Abstract: Cardiac sodium channel Na(v)1.5 plays a critical role in heart excitability and conduction. The molecular mechanism that underlies the expression of Na(v)1.5 at the cell membrane is poorly understood. Previous studies demonstrated that cytoskeleton proteins can be involved in the regulation of cell surface expression and localization of several ion channels. We performed a yeast two-hybrid screen to identify Na(v)1.5-associated proteins that may be involved in channel function and expression. We identified alpha-actinin-2 as an interacting partner of the cytoplasmic loop connecting domains III and IV of Na(v)1.5 (Na(v)1.5/LIII-IV). Co-immunoprecipitation and His(6) pull-down assays confirmed the physical association between Na(v)1.5 and alpha-actinin-2 and showed that the spectrin-like repeat domain is essential for binding of alpha-actinin-2 to Na(v)1.5. Patch-clamp studies revealed that the interaction with alpha-actinin-2 increases sodium channel density without changing their gating properties. Consistent with these findings, coexpression of alpha-actinin-2 and Na(v)1.5 in tsA201 cells led to an increase in the level of expression of Na(v)1.5 at the cell membrane as determined by cell surface biotinylation. Lastly, immunostaining experiments showed that alpha-actinin-2 was colocalized with Na(v)1.5 along the Z-lines and in the plasma membrane. Our data suggest that alpha-actinin-2, which is known to regulate the functional expression of the potassium channels, may play a role in anchoring Na(v)1.5 to the membrane by connecting the channel to the actin cytoskeleton network.	0
Abstract2class: Reconstitution of diphthine synthase activity in vitro Abstract: Diphthamide, the target of diphtheria toxin, is a unique posttranslational modification on eukaryotic and archaeal translation elongation factor 2 (EF2). Although diphthamide modification was discovered three decades ago, in vitro reconstitution of diphthamide biosynthesis using purified proteins has not been reported. The proposed biosynthesis pathway of diphthamide involves three steps. Our laboratory has recently showed that in Pyrococcus horikoshii (P. horikoshii), the first step uses a [4Fe-4S] enzyme PhDph2 to generate a 3-amino-3-carboxypropyl radical from S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) to form a C−C bond. The second step is the trimethylation of an amino group to form the diphthine intermediate. This step is catalyzed by a methyltransferase called diphthine synthase or Dph5. Here we report the in vitro reconstitution of the second step using P. horikoshii Dph5 (PhDph5). Our results demonstrate that PhDph5 is sufficient to catalyze the mono-, di-, and trimethylation of P. horikoshii EF2 (PhEF2). Interestingly, the trimethylated product from the PhDph5-catalyzed reaction can easily eliminate the trimethylamino group. The potential implication of this unexpected finding on the diphthamide biosynthesis pathway is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Involvement of the β3-α3 loop of the proline dehydrogenase domain in allosteric regulation of membrane association of proline utilization A Abstract: Proline utilization A (PutA) from Escherichia coli is a membrane-associated trifunctional flavoenzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of proline to glutamate and moonlights as a transcriptional regulator. As a regulatory protein, PutA represses transcription of the put regulon, which contains the genes encoding PutA and the proline transporter PutP. The binding of proline to the proline dehydrogenase active site and the subsequent reduction of the flavin induce high affinity membrane association of PutA and relieve repression of the put regulon, thereby causing PutA to switch from its regulatory to its enzymatic role. Here, we present evidence suggesting that residues of the β3-α3 loop of the proline dehydrogenase domain (βα)8 barrel are involved in proline-mediated allosteric regulation of PutA-membrane binding. Mutation of the conserved residues Asp370 and Glu372 in the β3-α3 loop abrogates the ability of proline to induce functional membrane association. Both in vitro lipid/membrane binding assays and in vivo cell-based assays demonstrate that mutagenesis of Asp370 (D370N/A) or Glu372 (E372A) dramatically impedes PutA functional switching. The crystal structures of the proline dehydrogenase domain mutants PutA86-630D370N and PutA86-630D370A complexed with the proline analogue l-tetrahydro-2-furoic acid show that the mutations cause only minor perturbations to the active site but no major structural changes, suggesting that the lack of proline response is not due to a failure of the mutated active sites to correctly bind the substrate. Rather, these results suggest that the β3-α3 loop may be involved in transmitting the status of the proline dehydrogenase active site and flavin redox state to the distal membrane association domain.	0
Abstract2class: Kinetic properties of polymorphic variants and pathogenic mutants in human cystathionine gamma-lyase Abstract: Human cystathionine-gamma-lyase (CGL) is a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzyme, which functions in the transsulfuration pathway that converts homocysteine to cysteine. In addition, CGL is one of two major enzymes that can catalyze the formation of hydrogen sulfide, an important gaseous signaling molecule. Recently, several mutations in CGL have been described in patients with cystathioninuria, a rare but poorly understood genetic disease. Moreover, a common single nucleotide polymorphism in CGL, c.1364G>T that converts serine at position 403 to isoleucine, has been linked to elevated plasma homocysteine levels. In this study, we have characterized the pathogenic T67I and Q240E missense mutations and the polymorphic variants at amino acid residues 403 using kinetic and spectrophotometric methods. We report that the polymorphism does not influence the cofactor content of the enzyme or its steady-state kinetic properties. In contrast, the T67I mutant exhibits a 3.5-fold decrease in V max compared to that of wild-type CGL, while the Q240E mutant exhibits a 70-fold decrease in V max. The K Ms for cystathionine for both pathogenic mutants are comparable to that of wild type CGL. The PLP content of the T67I and Q240E mutants were about 4-fold and 80-fold lower than that of wild-type enzyme, respectively. Preincubation of the T67I mutant with PLP restored activity to wild-type levels while the same treatment resulted in only partial restoration of activity of the Q240E mutant. These results reveal that both mutations weaken the affinity for PLP and suggest that cystathionuric patients with these mutations should be responsive to pyridoxine therapy.	0
Abstract2class: A kinase-independent activity of Cdk9 modulates glucocorticoid receptor-mediated gene induction Abstract: A gene induction competition assay has recently uncovered new inhibitory activities of two transcriptional cofactors, NELF-A and NELF-B, in glucocorticoid-regulated transactivation. NELF-A and -B are also components of the NELF complex, which participates in RNA polymerase II pausing shortly after the initiation of gene transcription. We therefore asked if cofactors (Cdk9 and ELL) best known to affect paused polymerase could reverse the effects of NELF-A and -B. Unexpectedly, Cdk9 and ELL augmented, rather than prevented, the effects of NELF-A and -B. Furthermore, Cdk9 actions are not blocked either by Ckd9 inhibitors (DRB or flavopiridol) or by two Cdk9 mutants defective in kinase activity. The mode and site of action of NELF-A and -B mutants with an altered NELF domain are similarly affected by wild-type and kinase-dead Cdk9. We conclude that Cdk9 is a new modulator of GR action, that Ckd9 and ELL have novel activities in GR-regulated gene expression, that NELF-A and -B can act separately from the NELF complex, and that Cdk9 possesses activities that are independent of Cdk9 kinase activity. Finally, the competition assay has succeeded in ordering the site of action of several cofactors of GR transactivation. Extension of this methodology should be helpful in determining the site and mode of action of numerous additional cofactors and in reducing unwanted side effects.	0
Abstract2class: Liver X Receptor Agonists Inhibit the Phospholipid Regulatory Gene CTP: Phosphoethanolamine Cytidylyltransferase-Pcyt2 Abstract: Metabolic pulse-chase experiments demonstrated that 25-hydroxycholesterol (25-OH), the endogenous activator of the liver X receptor (LXR), significantly reduced the biosynthesis of phosphatidylethanolamine via CDP-ethanolamine (Kennedy) pathway at the step catalyzed by CTP: phosphoethanolamine cytidylyltransferase (Pcyt2). In the mouse embryonic fibroblasts C3H10T1/2, the LXR synthetic agonist TO901317 lowered Pcyt2 promoter-luciferase activity in a concentration-dependent manner. Furthermore, 25-OH and TO901317 reduced mouse Pcyt2 mRNA and protein levels by 35-60%. The inhibitory effects of oxysterols and TO901317 on the Pcyt2 promoter function, mRNA and protein expression were conserved in the human breast cancer cells MCF-7. These studies identify the Pcyt2 gene as a novel target whereby LXR agonists may indirectly modulate inflammatory responses and atherosclerosis.	0
Abstract2class: Large disk intermediate precedes formation of apolipoprotein A-I-dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine small disks Abstract: Small approximately 8.5 nm disks formed spontaneously when dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine (DMPC) large unilamellar vesicles (LUVs) were incubated with apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) (100:1 molar ratio). However, in a time course study, the transient production of approximately 11 nm large disks was detected and isolated by gel filtration. The intermediate large disks contained three apoA-I molecules and were stable over time; however, when additional apoA-I was added, they formed small disks containing two molecules of apoA-I. The reaction kinetics of apoA-I with DMPC LUVs was monitored by fluorescence resonance energy transfer, and two phases were observed, supporting the presence of the intermediate in the formation of small disks. The lipid dynamics of LUVs and disks were assayed, revealing the presence of sequestered lipid-protein domains upon apoA-I binding to DMPC LUVs. In addition, the lipids in the intermediate large disks were more constrained than those in the small disks. We propose that apoA-I binds with DMPC LUVs to form small lipid-protein domains on the LUV; then the domains are released to form large disks, which can mature in the presence of additional apoA-I to form small disks. Thus, the formation of small apoA-I lipid disks proceeds through the formation of a large disk intermediate.	0
Abstract2class: Decoupling mutations in the D-channel of the aa(3)-type cytochrome c oxidase from Rhodobacter sphaeroides suggest that a continuous hydrogen-bonded chain of waters is essential for proton pumping Abstract: The aa(3)-type cytochrome c oxidase from Rhodobacter sphaeroides utilizes two proton-input channels to provide all the protons for chemistry (water formation) and proton pumping. The D-channel is responsible for the uptake of all pumped protons, four protons per O(2). Several substitutions of either N139 or N207, near the entrance of the D-channel, were previously reported to decouple the proton pump from oxidase activity. In this work, the characteristics of additional mutations in this region of the protein (N139, N207, N121, and S142) are determined to elucidate the mechanism of decoupling. With the exception of the substitution of a large, hydrophobic residue (N139L), all the mutations of N139 resulted in an enzyme with high oxidase activity but with a severely diminished proton pumping stoichiometry. Whereas N207D was previously shown to be decoupled, N207A and N207T exhibit nearly wild-type behavior. The new data display a pattern. Small, nonionizable substitutions of N139 or N121 result in decoupling of the proton pump but maintain high turnover rates. These residues are directly hydrogen bonded to two water molecules (Water6574 and Water6584) that are part of the single-file chain of water molecules within the D-channel leading to E286 at the top of the channel. The data suggest that the integrity of this water chain within the D-channel is critical for rapid proton transfer. The mechanism of decoupling is most likely due to the slowing of the rate of proton delivery below a threshold that is required for protonation of the putative proton loading site. Protons delivered outside this time window are delivered to the active site where they are consumed in the formation of water. The rate of proton delivery required to protonate the pump site must be significantly faster than the rate of delivery of protons to the catalytic site. For this reason, mutations can result in decoupling of the proton pump without slowing the catalytic turnover by the enzyme.	0
Abstract2class: High-level genomic integration, epigenetic changes, and expression of sleeping beauty transgene Abstract: Sleeping Beauty transposon (SB-Tn) has emerged as an important nonviral vector for integrating transgenes into mammalian genomes. We report here a novel dual fluorescent reporter cis SB-Tn system that permitted nonselective fluorescent-activated cell sorting for SB-Tn-transduced K562 erythroid cells. Using an internal ribosome entry site element, the green fluorescent protein (eGFP) was linked to the SB10 transposase gene as an indirect marker for the robust expression of SB10 transposase. Flourescence-activated cell sorting (FACS) by eGFP resulted in significant enrichment (>60%) of cells exhibiting SB-Tn-mediated genomic insertions and long-term expression of a DsRed transgene. The hybrid erythroid-specific promoter of DsRed transgene was verified in erythroid or megakaryocyte differentiation of K562 cells. Bisulfite-mediated genomic analyses identified different DNA methylation patterns between DsRed(+) and DsRed(-) cell clones, suggesting a critical role in transgene expression. Moreover, although the host genomic copy of the promoter element showed no CpG methylation, the same sequence carried by the transgene was markedly hypermethylated. Additional evidence also suggested a role for histone deacetylation in the regulation of DsRed transgene. The presence of SB transgene affected the expression of neighboring host genes at distances >45 kb. Our data suggested that a fluorescent reporter cis SB-Tn system can be used to enrich mammalian cells harboring SB-mediated transgene insertions. The observed epigenetic changes also demonstrated that transgenes inserted by SB could be selectively modified by endogenous factors. In addition, long-range activation of host genes must now be recognized as a potential consequence of an inserted transgene cassette containing enhancer elements.	0
Abstract2class: Erythroid-specific expression of beta-globin by the sleeping beauty transposon for Sickle cell disease Abstract: Sickle cell disease (SCD) results predominately from a single monogenic mutation that affects thousands of individuals worldwide. Gene therapy approaches have focused on using viral vectors to transfer wild-type beta- or gamma-globin transgenes into hematopoietic stem cells for long-term expression of the recombinant globins. In this study, we investigated the use of a novel nonviral vector system, the Sleeping Beauty (SB) transposon (Tn) to insert a wild-type beta-globin expression cassette into the human genome for sustained expression of beta-globin. We initially constructed a beta-globin expression vector composed of the hybrid cytomegalovirus (CMV) enhancer chicken beta-actin promoter (CAGGS) and full-length beta-globin cDNA, as well as truncated forms lacking either the 3' or 3' and 5' untranslated regions (UTRs), to optimize expression of beta-globin. Beta-globin with its 5' UTR was efficiently expressed from its cDNA in K-562 cells induced with hemin. However, expression was constitutive and not erythroid-specific. We then constructed cis SB-Tn-beta-globin plasmids using a minimal beta-globin gene driven by hybrid promoter IHK (human ALAS2 intron 8 erythroid-specific enhancer, HS40 core element from human alphaLCR, ankyrin-1 promoter), IHbetap (human ALAS2 intron 8 erythroid-specific enhancer, HS40 core element from human alphaLCR, beta-globin promoter), or HS3betap (HS3 core element from human betaLCR, beta-globin promoter) to establish erythroid-specific expression of beta-globin. Stable genomic insertion of the minimal gene and expression of the beta-globin transgene for >5 months at a level comparable to that of the endogenous gamma-globin gene were achieved using a SB-Tn beta-globin cis construct. Interestingly, erythroid-specific expression of beta-globin driven by IHK was regulated primarily at the translational level, in contrast to post-transcriptional regulation in non-erythroid cells. The SB-Tn system is a promising nonviral vector for efficient genomic insertion conferring stable, persistent erythroid-specific expression of beta-globin.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of Mycobacterium smegmatis PolD2 and PolD1 as RNA/DNA polymerases homologous to the POL domain of bacterial DNA ligase D Abstract: Mycobacteria exploit nonhomologous end-joining (NHEJ) to repair DNA double-strand breaks. The core NHEJ machinery comprises the homodimeric DNA end-binding protein Ku and DNA ligase D (LigD), a modular enzyme composed of a C-terminal ATP-dependent ligase domain (LIG), a central 3'-phosphoesterase domain (PE), and an N-terminal polymerase domain (POL). LigD POL is proficient at adding templated and nontemplated deoxynucleotides and ribonucleotides to DNA ends in vitro and is the catalyst in vivo of unfaithful NHEJ events involving nontemplated single-nucleotide additions to blunt DSB ends. Here, we identify two mycobacterial proteins, PolD1 and PolD2, as stand-alone homologues of the LigD POL domain. Biochemical characterization of PolD1 and PolD2 shows that they resemble LigD POL in their monomeric quaternary structures, their ability to add templated and nontemplated nucleotides to primer-templates and blunt ends, and their preference for rNTPs versus dNTPs. Deletion of polD1, polD2, or both from a Mycobacterium smegmatis strain carrying an inactivating mutation in LigD POL failed to reveal a role for PolD1 or PolD2 in templated nucleotide additions during NHEJ of 5'-overhang DSBs or in clastogen resistance. Whereas our results document the existence and characteristics of new stand-alone members of the LigD POL family of RNA/DNA polymerases, they imply that other polymerases can perform fill-in synthesis during mycobacterial NHEJ.	0
Abstract2class: Conformation and lipid binding of a C-terminal (198-243) peptide of human apolipoprotein A-I Abstract: Human apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I) is the principle apolipoprotein of high-density lipoproteins that are critically involved in reverse cholesterol transport. The intrinsically flexibility of apoA-I has hindered studies of the structural and functional details of the protein. Our strategy is to study peptide models representing different regions of apoA-I. Our previous report on [1-44]apoA-I demonstrated that this N-terminal region is unstructured and folds into approximately 60% alpha-helix with a moderate lipid binding affinity. We now present details of the conformation and lipid interaction of a C-terminal 46-residue peptide, [198-243]apoA-I, encompassing putative helix repeats 10 and 9 and the second half of repeat 8 from the C-terminus of apoA-I. Far-ultraviolet circular dichroism spectra show that [198-243]apoA-I is also unfolded in aqueous solution. However, self-association induces approximately 50% alpha-helix in the peptide. The self-associated peptide exists mainly as a tetramer, as determined by native electrophoresis, cross-linking with glutaraldehyde, and unfolding data from circular dichroism (CD) and differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). In the presence of a number of lipid-mimicking detergents, above their CMC, approximately 60% alpha-helix was induced in the peptide. In contrast, SDS, an anionic lipid-mimicking detergent, induced helical folding in the peptide at a concentration of approximately 0.003% (approximately 100 microM), approximately 70-fold below its typical CMC (0.17-0.23% or 6-8 mM). Both monomeric and tetrameric peptide can solubilize dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine (DMPC) liposomes and fold into approximately 60% alpha-helix. Fractionation by density gradient ultracentrifugation and visualization by negative staining electromicroscopy demonstrated that the peptide binds to DMPC with a high affinity to form at least two sizes of relatively homogeneous discoidal HDL-like particles depending on the initial lipid:peptide ratio. The characteristics (lipid:peptide weight ratio, diameter, and density) of both complexes are similar to those of plasma A-I/DMPC complexes formed under similar conditions: small discoidal complexes (approximately 3:1 weight ratio, approximately 110 A, and approximately 1.10 g/cm3) formed at an initial 1:1 weight ratio and larger discoidal complexes (approximately 4.6:1 weight ratio, approximately 165 A, and approximately 1.085 g/cm3) formed at initial 4:1 weight ratio. The cross-linking data for the peptide on the complexes of two sizes is consistent with the calculated peptide numbers per particle. Compared to the approximately 100 A disk-like complex formed by the N-terminal peptide in which helical structure was insufficient to cover the disk edge by a single belt, the compositions of these two types of complexes formed by the C-terminal peptide are more consistent with a "double belt" model, similar to that proposed for full-length apoA-I. Thus, our data provide direct evidence that this C-terminal region of apoA-I is responsible for the self-association of apoA-I, and this C-terminal peptide model can mimic the interaction with the phospholipid of plasma apoA-I to form two sizes of homogeneous discoidal complexes and thus may be responsible for apoA-I function in the formation and maintenance of HDL subspecies in plasma.	0
Abstract2class: The reductase domain in a Type I fatty acid synthase from the apicomplexan Cryptosporidium parvum: restricted substrate preference towards very long chain fatty acyl thioesters Abstract: Background:                       The apicomplexan Cryptosporidium parvum genome possesses a 25-kb intronless open reading frame (ORF) that predicts a multifunctional Type I fatty acid synthase (CpFAS1) with at least 21 enzymatic domains. Although the architecture of CpFAS1 resembles those of bacterial polyketide synthases (PKSs), this megasynthase is predicted to function as a fatty acyl elongase as our earlier studies have indicated that the N-terminal loading unit (acyl-[ACP] ligase) prefers using intermediate to long chain fatty acids as substrates, and each of the three internal elongation modules contains a complete set of enzymes to produce a saturated fatty acyl chain. Although the activities of almost all domains were confirmed using recombinant proteins, that of the C-terminal reductase domain (CpFAS1-R) was yet undetermined. In fact, there were no published studies to report the kinetic features of any reductase domains in bacterial PKSs using purified recombinant or native proteins.                  Results:                       In the present study, the identity of CpFAS1-R as a reductase is confirmed by in silico analysis on sequence similarity and characteristic motifs. Phylogenetic analysis based on the R-domains supports a previous notion on the bacterial origin of apicomplexan Type I FAS/PKS genes. We also developed a novel assay using fatty acyl-CoAs as substrates, and determined that CpFAS1-R could only utilize very long chain fatty acyl-CoAs as substrates (i.e., with activity on C26 > C24 > C22 > C20, but no activity on C18 and C16). It was capable of using both NADPH and NADH as electron donors, but prefers NADPH to NADH. The activity of CpFAS1-R displayed allosteric kinetics towards C26 hexacosanoyl CoA as a substrate (h = 2.0; Vmax = 32.8 nmol min-1 mg-1 protein; and K50 = 0.91 mM).                  Conclusions:                       We have confirmed the activity of CpFAS1-R by directly assaying its substrate preference and kinetic parameters, which is for the first time for a Type I FAS, PKS or non-ribosomal peptide synthase (NRPS) reductase domain. The restricted substrate preference towards very long chain fatty acyl thioesters may be an important feature for this megasynthase to avoid the release of product(s) with undesired lengths.	0
Abstract2class: Recognition of platinum-DNA damage by poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 Abstract: Poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 (PARP-1) was recently identified as a platinum-DNA damage response protein. To investigate the properties of binding of PARP-1 to different platinum-DNA adducts in greater detail, biotinylated DNA probes containing a site-specific cisplatin 1,2-d(GpG) or 1,3-d(GpTpG) intrastrand cross-link or a cisplatin 5'-GC/5'-GC interstrand cross-link (ICL) were utilized in binding assays with cell-free extracts (CFEs) in vitro. The activated state of PARP-1 was generated by treatment of cells with a DNA-damaging agent or by addition of NAD(+) to CFEs. PARP-1 binds with a higher affinity to cisplatin-damaged DNA than to undamaged DNA, and the amount of protein that binds to the most common cisplatin-DNA cross-link, 1,2-d(GpG), is greater than the amount that binds to other types of cisplatin-DNA cross-links. Both DNA damage-activated PARP-1 and unactivated PARP-1 bind to cisplatin-damaged DNA, and both automodified PARP-1 and cleaved PARP-1 bind to cisplatin-DNA lesions. The role of poly(ADP-ribose) (pADPr) in mediating binding of PARP-1 to platinum damage was further investigated. The extent of binding of PARP-1 to the cisplatin 1,2-d(GpG) cross-link decreases upon automodification, and overactivated PARP-1 loses its affinity for the cross-link. Elimination of pADPr facilitates binding of PARP-1 to the cisplatin 1,2-d(GpG) cross-link. PARP-1 also binds to DNA damaged by other platinum compounds, including oxaliplatin and pyriplatin, indicating protein affinity for the damage in an adduct-specific manner rather than recognition of distorted DNA. Our results reveal the unique binding properties for binding of PARP-1 to platinum-DNA damage, providing insights into, and a better understanding of, the cellular response to platinum-based anticancer drugs.	0
Abstract2class: Photoaffinity labeling reveals nuclear proteins that uniquely recognize cisplatin-DNA interstrand cross-links Abstract: The DNA-binding inorganic compound cisplatin is one of the most successful anticancer drugs. The detailed mechanism by which cells recognize and process cisplatin-DNA damage is of great interest. Although the family of proteins that bind cisplatin 1,2- and 1,3-intrastrand cross-links has been identified, much less is known about cellular protein interactions with cisplatin interstrand cross-links (ICLs). In order to address this question, a photoreactive analogue of cisplatin, PtBP(6), was used to construct a DNA duplex containing a site-specific platinum ICL. This DNA probe was characterized and used in photo-cross-linking experiments to separate and identify nuclear proteins that bind to the ICL by peptide mass fingerprint analysis. Several such proteins were discovered, including PARP-1, hMutSbeta, DNA ligase III, XRCC1, and PNK. The photo-cross-linking approach was independently validated by an electrophoretic mobility shift assay demonstrating hMutSbeta binding to a cisplatin ICL. Proteins that recognize the platinum ICL were also identified in cisplatin-resistant cells, cells halted at various phases of the cell cycle, and in different carcinoma cells. Nuclear proteins that bind to the platinum ICL differ from those binding to intrastrand cross-links, indicating different mechanisms for disruption of cellular functions.	0
Abstract2class: Targeted therapy in the treatment of solid tumors: practice contradicts theory Abstract: The basic principle of targeted therapy formulated about ten years ago consists in the design and application of drugs specifically directed against well-defined targets that are critical for tumor survival and not compromising for normal organs and tissues. The past decade has been marked by the appearance of an immense diversity of novel antitumor agents with claimed targeted action. Unfortunately, despite indisputable progress in clinical settings, some popular drugs against solid tumors (e.g. bevacizumab, trastuzumab, erlotinib, gefitinib) nominally assigned to targeted-action drugs, cannot actually be classified with this group being nonconforming to a priori stated goals of targeted therapy. The state-of-the-art and current problems in targeted therapy of solid tumors are reviewed.	0
Abstract2class: Investigation of the catalytic mechanism of the hotdog-fold enzyme superfamily Pseudomonas sp. strain CBS3 4-hydroxybenzoyl-CoA thioesterase Abstract: The 4-hydroxybenzoyl-CoA (4-HB-CoA) thioesterase from Pseudomonas sp. strain CBS3 catalyzes the final step of the 4-chlorobenzoate degradation pathway, which is the hydrolysis of 4-HB-CoA to coenzyme A (CoA) and 4-hydroxybenzoate (4-HB). In previous work, X-ray structural analysis of the substrate-bound thioesterase provided evidence of the role of an active site Asp17 in nucleophilic catalysis [Thoden, J. B., Holden, H. M., Zhuang, Z., and Dunaway-Mariano, D. (2002) X-ray crystallographic analyses of inhibitor and substrate complexes of wild-type and mutant 4-hydroxybenzoyl-CoA thioesterase. J. Biol. Chem. 277, 27468-27476]. In the study presented here, kinetic techniques were used to test the catalytic mechanism that was suggested by the X-ray structural data. The time course for the multiple-turnover reaction of 50 μM [(14)C]-4-HB-CoA catalyzed by 10 μM thioesterase supported a two-step pathway in which the second step is rate-limiting. Steady-state product inhibition studies revealed that binding of CoA (K(is) = 250 ± 70 μM; K(ii) = 900 ± 300 μM) and 4-HB (K(is) = 1.2 ± 0.2 mM) is weak, suggesting that product release is not rate-limiting. A substantial D(2)O solvent kinetic isotope effect (3.8) on the steady-state k(cat) value (18 s(-1)) provided evidence that a chemical step involving proton transfer is the rate-limiting step. Taken together, the kinetic results support a two-chemical pathway. The microscopic rate constants governing the formation and consumption of the putative aspartyl 17-(4-hydroxybenzoyl)anhydride intermediate were determined by simulation-based fitting of a kinetic model to time courses for the substrate binding reaction (5.0 μM 4-HB-CoA and 0.54 μM thioesterase), single-turnover reaction (5 μM [(14)C]-4-HB-CoA catalyzed by 50 μM thioesterase), steady-state reaction (5.2 μM 4-HB-CoA catalyzed by 0.003 μM thioesterase), and transient-state multiple-turnover reaction (50 μM [(14)C]-4-HB-CoA catalyzed by 10 μM thioesterase). Together with the results obtained from solvent (18)O labeling experiments, the findings are interpreted as evidence of the formation of an aspartyl 17-(4-hydroxybenzoyl)anhydride intermediate that undergoes rate-limiting hydrolytic cleavage at the hydroxybenzoyl carbonyl carbon atom.	0
Abstract2class: Elucidation of inositol hexaphosphate and heparin interaction sites and conformational changes in arrestin-1 by solution nuclear magnetic resonance Abstract: Arrestins specifically bind activated and phosphorylated G protein-coupled receptors and orchestrate both receptor trafficking and channel signaling through G protein-independent pathways via direct interactions with numerous nonreceptor partners. Here we report the first successful use of solution NMR in mapping the binding sites in arrestin-1 (visual arrestin) for two polyanionic compounds that mimic phosphorylated light-activated rhodopsin: inositol hexaphosphate (IP6) and heparin. This yielded an identification of residues involved in the binding with these ligands that was more complete than what has previously been feasible. IP6 and heparin appear to bind to the same site on arrestin-1, centered on a positively charged region in the N-domain. We present the first direct evidence that both IP6 and heparin induced a complete release of the arrestin C-tail. These observations provide novel insight into the nature of the transition of arrestin from the basal to active state and demonstrate the potential of NMR-based methods in the study of protein-protein interactions involving members of the arrestin family.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of the receptor FGFRL1 from sea urchins and humans illustrates evolution of a zinc binding motif in the intracellular domain Abstract: Background:                       FGFRL1, the gene for the fifth member of the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) family, is found in all vertebrates from fish to man and in the cephalochordate amphioxus. Since it does not occur in more distantly related invertebrates such as insects and nematodes, we have speculated that FGFRL1 might have evolved just before branching of the vertebrate lineage from the other invertebrates (Beyeler and Trueb, 2006).                  Results:                       We identified the gene for FGFRL1 also in the sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus and cloned its mRNA. The deduced amino acid sequence shares 62% sequence similarity with the human protein and shows conservation of all disulfides and N-linked carbohydrate attachment sites. Similar to the human protein, the S. purpuratus protein contains a histidine-rich motif at the C-terminus, but this motif is much shorter than the human counterpart. To analyze the function of the novel motif, recombinant fusion proteins were prepared in a bacterial expression system. The human fusion protein bound to nickel and zinc affinity columns, whereas the sea urchin protein barely interacted with such columns. Direct determination of metal ions by atomic absorption revealed 2.6 mole zinc/mole protein for human FGFRL1 and 1.7 mole zinc/mole protein for sea urchin FGFRL1.                  Conclusion:                       The FGFRL1 gene has evolved much earlier than previously assumed. A comparison of the intracellular domain between sea urchin and human FGFRL1 provides interesting insights into the shaping of a novel zinc binding domain.	0
Abstract2class: Activation of human phospholipase C-eta2 by Gbetagamma Abstract: Phospholipase C-eta2 (PLC-eta2) was recently identified as a novel broadly expressed phosphoinositide-hydrolyzing isozyme [Zhou, Y., et al. (2005) Biochem. J. 391, 667-676; Nakahara, M., et al. (2005) J. Biol. Chem. 280, 29128-29134]. In this study, we investigated the direct regulation of PLC-eta2 by Gbetagamma subunits of heterotrimeric G proteins. Coexpression of PLC-eta2 with Gbeta 1gamma 2, as well as with certain other Gbetagamma dimers, in COS-7 cells resulted in increases in inositol phosphate accumulation. Gbeta 1gamma 2-dependent increases in phosphoinositide hydrolysis also were observed with a truncation mutant of PLC-eta2 that lacks the long alternatively spliced carboxy-terminal domain of the isozyme. To begin to define the enzymatic properties of PLC-eta2 and its potential direct activation by Gbetagamma, a construct of PLC-eta2 encompassing the canonical domains conserved in all PLCs (PH domain through C2 domain) was purified to homogeneity after expression from a baculovirus in insect cells. Enzyme activity of purified PLC-eta2 was quantified after reconstitution with PtdIns(4,5)P 2-containing phospholipid vesicles, and values for K m (14.4 microM) and V max [12.6 micromol min (-1) (mg of protein) (-1)] were similar to activities previously observed with purified PLC-beta or PLC-epsilon isozymes. Moreover, purified Gbeta 1gamma 2 stimulated the activity of purified PLC-eta2 in a concentration-dependent manner similar to that observed with purified PLC-beta2. Activation was dependent on the presence of free Gbeta 1gamma 2 since its sequestration in the presence of Galpha i1 or GRK2-ct reversed Gbeta 1gamma 2-promoted activation. The PH domain of PLC-eta2 is not required for Gbeta 1gamma 2-mediated regulation since a purified fragment encompassing the EF-hand through C2 domains but lacking the PH domain nonetheless was activated by Gbeta 1gamma 2. Taken together, these studies illustrate that PLC-eta2 is a direct downstream effector of Gbetagamma and, therefore, of receptor-activated heterotrimeric G proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Prenylation and membrane localization of Cdc42 are essential for activation by DOCK7 Abstract: The unconventional guanine nucleotide exchange factor (GEF) family comprising 11 DOCK180 related proteins is classified into four subfamilies, A through D, based on their relative GEF activity toward the closely related Rac and Cdc42 GTPases. DOCK proteins participate in the remodeling of the actin cytoskeleton and are key regulators of cell motility, phagocytosis, and adhesion. Here we show that the guanine nucleotide exchange domain of DOCK7, DHR2 (for DOCK homology region 2), is a potent GEF for prenylated Cdc42 and Rac1 in a model liposome system, demonstrating that the prenylation and membrane localization of Cdc42 or Rac1 are necessary for their activation by DOCK7. Additionally, we identify DOCK7 residues that confer GTPase GEF specificity. Finally, using our liposome reconstitution assay, we show that a more narrowly defined GEF domain of DHR2 (designated DHR2s) harbors an N-terminal site distinct from the GEF active site that binds preferentially to the active, GTP-bound forms of Cdc42 and Rac1 and thereby recruits free DHR2s from solution to the membrane surface. This recruitment results in a progressive increase in the effective concentration of DHR2s at the membrane surface that in turn provides for an accelerated rate of guanine nucleotide exchange on Cdc42. The positive cooperativity observed in our reconstituted system suggests that the action of DOCK7 in vivo may involve the coordinated integration of Cdc42/Rac signaling in the context of the membrane recruitment of a DOCK7 GEF complex.	0
Abstract2class: Laminin-induced activation of Rac1 and JNKp46 is initiated by Src family kinases and mimics the effects of skeletal muscle contraction Abstract: Binding of laminin to dystroglycan in the dystrophin glycoprotein complex causes signaling through dystroglycan-syntrophin-grb2-SOS1-Rac1-PAK1-JNK. Laminin binding also causes syntrophin tyrosine phosphorylation to initiate signaling. The kinase responsible was investigated here. PP2 and SU6656, specific inhibitors of Src family kinases, decreased the amount of phosphotyrosine syntrophin and decreased the level of active Rac1 in laminin-treated myoblasts, myotubes, or skeletal muscle microsomes. c-Src and c-Fyn both phosphorylate syntrophin, and inhibition of either with specific siRNAs diminishes the level of syntrophin phosphorylation. When the rat gastrocnemius was contracted, the level of Rac1 activation increased compared to that of the relaxed control muscle and Rac1 colocalized with beta-dystroglycan. Similar results were obtained when the muscle was stretched. Contracted muscle also contained more activated c-Jun N-terminal kinase, JNKp46. E3, an expressed protein containing only laminin domains LG4 and LG5, increased the rate of proliferation of myoblasts, and PP2 prevented cell proliferation. In addition, Src family kinases colocalized with activated Rac1 and with laminin-Sepharose in solid-phase binding assays. Thus, contraction, stretching, or laminin binding causes recruitment of Src family kinase to the dystrophin glycoprotein complex, activating Rac1 and inducing downstream signaling. The DGC likely represents a mechanoreceptor in skeletal muscle-regulating muscle growth in response to muscle activity. Src family kinases play an initiating and critical role.	0
Abstract2class: Kinetic mechanism of human histidine triad nucleotide binding protein 1 Abstract: Human histidine triad nucleotide binding protein 1 (hHint1) is a member of a ubiquitous and ancient branch of the histidine triad protein superfamily. hHint1 is a homodimeric protein that catalyzes the hydrolysis of model substrates, phosphoramidate and acyl adenylate, with a high efficiency. Recently, catalytically inactive hHint1 has been identified as the cause of inherited peripheral neuropathy [Zimon, M., et al. (2012) Nat. Genet. 44, 1080-1083]. We have conducted the first detailed kinetic mechanistic studies of hHint1 and have found that the reaction mechanism is consistent with a double-displacement mechanism, in which the active site nucleophile His112 is first adenylylated by the substrate, followed by hydrolysis of the AMP-enzyme intermediate. A transient burst phase followed by a linear phase from the stopped-flow fluorescence assay indicated that enzyme adenylylation was faster than the subsequent intermediate hydrolysis and product release. Solvent viscosity experiments suggested that both chemical transformation and diffusion-sensitive events (product release or protein conformational change) limit the overall turnover. The catalytic trapping experiments and data simulation indicated that the true koff rate of the final product AMP is unlikely to control the overall kcat. Therefore, a protein conformational change associated with product release is likely rate-limiting. In addition, the rate of Hint1 adenylylation was found to be dependent on two residues with pKa values of 6.5 and 8, with the former pKa agreeing well with the nuclear magnetic resonance titration results for the pKa of the active site nucleophile His112. In comparison to the uncatalyzed rates, hHint1 was shown to enhance acyl-AMP and AMP phosphoramidate hydrolysis by 10(6)-10(8)-fold. Taken together, our analysis indicates that hHint1 catalyzes the hydrolysis of phosphoramidate and acyl adenylate with high efficiency, through a mechanism that relies on rapid adenylylation of the active residue, His112, while being partially rate-limited by intermediate hydrolysis and product release associated with a conformational change. Given the high degree of sequence homology of Hint proteins across all kingdoms of life, it is likely that their kinetic and catalytic mechanisms will be similar to those elucidated for hHint1.	0
Abstract2class: Oxidation-induced conformational changes in calcineurin determined by covalent labeling and tandem mass spectrometry Abstract: The Ca(2+)/calmodulin activated phosphatase, calcineurin, is inactivated by H2O2 or superoxide-induced oxidation, both in vivo and in vitro. However, the potential for global and/or local conformation changes occurring within calcineurin as a function of oxidative modification, that may play a role in the inactivation process, has not been examined. Here, the susceptibility of calcineurin methionine residues toward H2O2-induced oxidation were determined using a multienzyme digestion strategy coupled with capillary HPLC-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry and tandem mass spectrometry analysis. Then, regions within the protein complex that underwent significant conformational perturbation upon oxidative modification were identified by monitoring changes in the modification rates of accessible lysine residues between native and oxidized forms of calcineurin, using an amine-specific covalent labeling reagent, S,S'-dimethylthiobutanoylhydroxysuccinimide ester (DMBNHS), and tandem mass spectrometry. Importantly, methionine residues found to be highly susceptible toward oxidation, and the lysine residues exhibiting large increases in accessibility upon oxidation, were all located in calcineurin functional domains involved in Ca(2+)/CaM binding regulated calcineurin stimulation. These findings therefore provide initial support for the novel mechanistic hypothesis that oxidation-induced global and/or local conformational changes within calcineurin contribute to inactivation via (i) impairing the interaction between calcineurin A and calcineurin B, (ii) altering the low-affinity Ca(2+) binding site in calcineurin B, (iii) inhibiting calmodulin binding to calcineurin A, and/or (iv) by altering the affinity between the calcineurin A autoinhibitory domain and the catalytic center.	0
Abstract2class: Nutrient-dependent structural changes in S. aureus peptidoglycan revealed by solid-state NMR spectroscopy Abstract: The bacterial cell wall is essential to cell survival and is a major target of antibiotics. The main component of the bacterial cell wall is peptidoglycan, a cage-like macromolecule that preserves cellular integrity and maintains cell shape. The insolubility and heterogeneity of peptidoglycan pose a challenge to conventional structural analyses. Here we use solid-state NMR combined with specific isotopic labeling to probe a key structural feature of the Staphylococcus aureus peptidoglycan quantitatively and nondestructively. We observed that both the cell-wall morphology and the peptidoglycan structure are functions of growth stage in S. aureus synthetic medium (SASM). Specifically, S. aureus cells at stationary phase have thicker cell walls with nonuniformly thickened septa compared to cells in exponential phase, and remarkably, 12% (±2%) of the stems in their peptidoglycan do not have pentaglycine bridges attached. Mechanistically, we determined that these observations are triggered by the depletion of glycine in the nutrient medium, which is coincident with the start of the stationary phase, and that the production of the structurally altered peptidoglycan can be prevented by the addition of excess glycine. We also demonstrated that the structural changes primarily arise within newly synthesized peptidoglycan rather than through the modification of previously synthesized peptidoglycan. Collectively, our observations emphasize the plasticity in bacterial cell-wall assembly and the possibility to manipulate peptidoglycan structure with external stimuli.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular genetic characterization of the thermostable L-lactate dehydrogenase gene (ldhL) of Thermoanaerobacter ethanolicus JW200 and biochemical characterization of the enzyme Abstract: The structural gene ldhL for a thermostable L-(+)-lactate dehydrogenase was cloned from Thermoanaerobacter ethanolicus JW200. The nucleotide sequence of the ldhL gene was determined and shown to have the capacity to encode a protein of 311 amino acids (33.5 kDa). By 5'-RACE analysis, the ldhL transcription start point was confirmed to be derived from the -10 region closest to the initiation codon. The enzyme was overexpressed in Escherichia coli and purified to homogeneity by nickel-affinity chromatography. It was shown to be allosteric in the presence of fructose-1,6-bisphosphate. The optimum pH and temperature for the enzyme were 5.8 and 60 degrees capital ES, Cyrillic in the pyruvate reduction and 7.0 and 70 degrees capital ES, Cyrillic in the lactate oxidation reaction, respectively. The kinetic parameters K(m,app) and k(cat,app) for pyruvate were 0.18 mM and 520 U/mg, respectively, and in the absence of fructose-1,6-bisphosphate, a 1.2-fold increase in K(m,app) and a 16-fold decrease in k(cat,app) were determined. The K(m,app) and k(cat,app) values for lactate were 60 mM and 0.58 U/mg, respectively, and they were not affected by fructose-1,6-bisphosphate. The enzyme was greatly inhibited by Zn2+, Ag(+), Cu2+, Fe3+, and Pb(3+). The extreme thermostability of the enzyme was reflected in its unaltered activity over 5 h at 70 degrees C.	0
Abstract2class: Dss1 release activates DNA binding potential in Brh2 Abstract: Dss1 is an intrinsically unstructured polypeptide that partners with the much larger Brh2 protein, the BRCA2 ortholog in Ustilago maydis, to form a tight complex. Mutants lacking Dss1 have essentially the same phenotype as mutants defective in Brh2, implying that through physical interaction Dss1 serves as a positive activator of Brh2. Dss1 associates with Brh2 through an interaction surface in the carboxy-terminal region. Certain derivatives of Brh2 lacking this interaction surface remain highly competent in DNA repair as long as a DNA-binding domain is present. However, the Dss1-independent activity raises the question of what function might be met in the native protein by having Brh2 under Dss1 control. Using a set of Brh2 fusions and truncated derivatives, we show here that Dss1 is capable of exerting control when there is a cognate Dss1-interacting surface present. We find that association of Dss1 attenuates the DNA binding potential of Brh2 and that the amino-terminal domain of Brh2 helps evict Dss1 from its carboxy-terminal interaction surface. The findings presented here add to the notion that Dss1 serves in a regulatory capacity to dictate order in association of Brh2's amino-terminal and carboxy-terminal domains with DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Dss1 regulates interaction of Brh2 with DNA Abstract: Brh2, the BRCA2 homologue in Ustilago maydis, plays a crucial role in homologous recombination by controlling Rad51. In turn, Brh2 is governed by Dss1, an intrinsically disordered protein that forms a tight complex with the C-terminal region of Brh2. This region of the protein associating with Dss1 is highly conserved in sequence and by comparison with mammalian BRCA2 corresponds to a part of the DNA binding domain with characteristic OB folds. The N-terminal region of Brh2 harbors a less-defined but powerful DNA binding site, the activity of which is revealed upon deletion of the C-terminal region. Full-length Brh2 complexed with Dss1 binds DNA slowly, while the N-terminal fragment binds quickly. The DNA binding activity of full-length Brh2 appears to correlate with dissociation of Dss1. Addition of Dss1 to the heterotypic Brh2-Dss1 complex attenuates DNA binding activity, but not by direct competition for the N-terminal DNA binding site. Conversely, the Brh2-Dss1 complex dissociates more quickly when DNA is present. These findings suggest a model in which binding of Brh2 to DNA is subject to allosteric regulation by Dss1.	0
Abstract2class: Sterol carrier protein-2 directly interacts with caveolin-1 in vitro and in vivo Abstract: HDL-mediated reverse-cholesterol transport as well as phosphoinositide signaling are mediated through plasma membrane microdomains termed caveolae/lipid rafts. However, relatively little is known regarding mechanism(s) whereby these lipids traffic to or are targeted to caveolae/lipid rafts. Since sterol carrier protein-2 (SCP-2) binds both cholesterol and phosphatidylinositol, the possibility that SCP-2 might interact with caveolin-1 and caveolae was examined. Double immunolabeling and laser scanning fluorescence microscopy showed that a small but significant portion of SCP-2 colocalized with caveolin-1 primarily at the plasma membrane of L-cells and more so within intracellular punctuate structures in hepatoma cells. In SCP-2 overexpressing L-cells, SCP-2 was detected in close proximity to caveolin, 48 +/- 4 A, as determined by fluorescence resonance energy transfer (FRET) and immunogold electron microscopy. Cell fractionation of SCP-2 overexpressing L-cells and Western blotting detected SCP-2 in purified plasma membranes, especially in caveolae/ lipid rafts as compared to the nonraft fraction. SCP-2 and caveolin-1 were coimmunoprecipitated from cell lysates by anti-caveolin-1 and anti-SCP-2. Finally, a yeast two-hybrid assay demonstrated that SCP-2 directly interacts with caveolin-1 in vivo. These interactions of SCP-2 with caveolin-1 were specific since a functionally related protein, phosphatidyinositol transfer protein (PITP), colocalized much less well with caveolin-1, was not in close proximity to caveolin-1 (i.e., >120 A), and was not coimmunoprecipitated by anti-caveolin-1 from cell lysates. In summary, it was shown for the first time that SCP-2 (but not PITP) selectively interacted with caveolin-1, both within the cytoplasm and at the plasma membrane. These data contribute significantly to our understanding of the role of SCP-2 in cholesterol and phosphatidylinositol targeted from intracellular sites of synthesis in the endoplasmic reticulum to caveolae/lipid rafts at the cell surface plasma membrane.	0
Abstract2class: Disulfide-mediated stabilization of the IκB kinase binding domain of NF-κB essential modulator (NEMO) Abstract: Human NEMO (NF-κB essential modulator) is a 419 residue scaffolding protein that, together with catalytic subunits IKKα and IKKβ, forms the IκB kinase (IKK) complex, a key regulator of NF-κB pathway signaling. NEMO is an elongated homodimer comprising mostly α-helix. It has been shown that a NEMO fragment spanning residues 44-111, which contains the IKKα/β binding site, is structurally disordered in the absence of bound IKKβ. Herein we show that enforcing dimerization of NEMO1-120 or NEMO44-111 constructs through introduction of one or two interchain disulfide bonds, through oxidation of the native Cys54 residue and/or at position 107 through a Leu107Cys mutation, induces a stable α-helical coiled-coil structure that is preorganized to bind IKKβ with high affinity. Chemical and thermal denaturation studies showed that, in the context of a covalent dimer, the ordered structure was stabilized relative to the denatured state by up to 3 kcal/mol. A full-length NEMO-L107C protein formed covalent dimers upon treatment of mammalian cells with H2O2. Furthermore, NEMO-L107C bound endogenous IKKβ in A293T cells, reconstituted TNF-induced NF-κB signaling in NEMO-deficient cells, and interacted with TRAF6. Our results indicate that the IKKβ binding domain of NEMO possesses an ordered structure in the unbound state, provided that it is constrained within a dimer as is the case in the constitutively dimeric full-length NEMO protein. The stability of the NEMO coiled coil is maintained by strong interhelix interactions in the region centered on residue 54. The disulfide-linked constructs we describe herein may be useful for crystallization of NEMO's IKKβ binding domain in the absence of bound IKKβ, thereby facilitating the structural characterization of small-molecule inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of full-length borealin on the composition and protein-protein interaction activity of a binary chromosomal passenger complex Abstract: The chromosomal passenger complex (CPC) comprises at least four protein components and functions at various cellular localizations during different mitotic stages to ensure correct chromosome segregation and completion of cytokinesis. Borealin, the most recently identified member of the CPC, is an intrinsically unstructured protein of low solubility and stability. Recent reports have demonstrated the formation of binary or ternary CPC subcomplexes incorporating short Borealin fragments in vitro. Using isothermal titration calorimetry, we show that full-length Borealin, instead of a Borealin fragment possessing the complete Survivin and INCENP recognition sequence, is required for the composition of a Borealin-Survivin complex competent to interact with INCENP. In addition, we show evidence that full-length Borealin, which forms high-order oligomers in its isolated form, is a monomer in the Borealin-Survivin CPC subcomplex.	0
Abstract2class: Functional and structural impact of target uridine substitutions on the H/ACA ribonucleoprotein particle pseudouridine synthase Abstract: Box H/ACA ribonucleoprotein protein particles catalyze the majority of pseudouridylation in functional RNA. Different from stand alone pseudouridine synthases, the RNP pseudouridine synthase comprises multiple protein subunits and an RNA subunit. Previous studies showed that each subunit, regardless its location, is sensitive to the step of subunit placement at the catalytic center and potentially to the reaction status of the substrate. Here we describe the impact of chemical substitutions of target uridine on enzyme activity and structure. We found that 3-methyluridine in place of uridine inhibited its isomerization while 2'-deoxyuridine or 4-thiouridine did not. Significantly, crystal structures of an archaeal box H/ACA RNP bound with the nonreactive and the two postreactive substrate analogues showed only subtle structural changes throughout the assembly except for a conserved tyrosine and a substrate anchoring loop of Cbf5. Our results suggest a potential role of these elements and the subunit that contacts them in substrate binding and product release.	0
Abstract2class: Phosphotransfer and CheY-binding domains of the histidine autokinase CheA are joined by a flexible linker Abstract: Multidimensional heteronuclear NMR techniques were applied to study a protein fragment of the histidine autokinase CheA from Escherichia coli. This fragment (CheA1-233) contains the phosphotransfer domain and the CheY-binding domain joined by a linker region. Comparison of chemical shift and NOE cross-peak patterns indicates that the structures of the two domains in CheA1-233 remain nearly the same as in the two individual domain fragments, CheA1-134 and CheA124-257. Relaxation properties of the backbone 15N nuclei were measured to study the rotational correlations of the two domains and properties of the linker region. Dynamics data were analyzed both by an isotropic motional model and an anisotropic motional model. The experimental T1 and T2 values, the derived rotational correlation times, and motional anisotropy are significantly different for the two domains, indicating the two domains reorient independently and the linker region is highly flexible. Dynamics data of CheA1-233 were also compared with those of CheA1-134. Our studies show that flexible domain linkers and extended and flexible terminal polypeptide chains can have significant effects on the motional properties of the adjacent structured regions. These observations suggest a model for the graded regulation of CheA autophosphorylation activity. In this model, the various activity states of the receptor are generated by controlling the access of the mean position of the kinase domain to the phosphotransfer domain. This would then modulate the diffusional encounter rate of the domains and hence activity over a wide and graded range of values.	0
Abstract2class: NMR studies of the phosphotransfer domain of the histidine kinase CheA from Escherichia coli: assignments, secondary structure, general fold, and backbone dynamics Abstract: Multidimensional heteronuclear NMR techniques were applied to study the phosphotransfer domain, residues 1-134, of the histidine kinase CheA, from Escherichia coli, which contains the site of autophosphorylation, His48. Assignments of the backbone amide groups and side chain protons are nearly complete. Our studies show that this protein fragment consists of five alpha-helices (A-E) connected by turns. Analysis of NOE distance restraints provided by two-dimensional (2D) 1H-1H and three-dimensional (3D) 15N-edited NOESY spectra using model building and structure calculations indicates that the five helices form an antiparallel helix bundle with near-neighbor connectivity. The amino-terminal four helices are proposed to be arranged in a right-handed manner with helix E packing against helices C and D. From ideal hydrophobic helical packing and structure calculations, the site of autophosphorylation, His48, is nearly fully exposed to the solvent. We measured the NMR relaxation properties of the backbone 15N nuclei using inverse detected two-dimensional NMR spectroscopy. The protein backbone dynamics studies show that CheA1-134 is formed into a tight and compact structure with very limited flexibilities both in helices and turns. Structural implications of titration and phosphorylation experiments are briefly discussed.	0
Abstract2class: The fission yeast COP9/signalosome is involved in cullin modification by ubiquitin-related Ned8p Abstract: Background:                       The function of the fission yeast cullins Pcu1p and Pcu4p requires modification by the ubiquitin-related peptide Ned8p. A recent report by Lyapina et al. shows that the COP9/signalosome (CSN), a multifunctional eight subunit complex, regulates Ned8p modification of Pcu1p. Disruption of caa1/csn1, which encodes subunit 1 of the putative S. pombe CSN, results in accumulation of Pcu1p exclusively in the modified form. However, it remained unclear whether this reflects global control of all cullins by the entire CSN complex.                  Results:                       We demonstrate that multiple CSN subunits control Ned8p modification of Pcu3p, another fission yeast cullin, which, in complex with the RING domain protein Pip1p, forms a ubiquitin ligase that functions in cellular stress response. Pcu3p is modified by Ned8p on Lys 729 and accumulates exclusively in the neddylated form in cells lacking the CSN subunits 1, 3, 4, and 5. These CSN subunits co-elute with Pcu3p in gel filtration fractions corresponding to approximately 550 kDa and specifically bind both native and Ned8p-modified Pcu3p in vivo. While CSN does not influence the subcellular localization of Pcu3p, Pcu3p-associated in vitro ubiquitin ligase activity is stimulated in the absence of CSN.                  Conclusions:                       Taken together, our data suggest that CSN is a global regulator of Ned8p modification of multiple cullins and potentially other proteins involved in cellular regulation.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis, characterization, and studies on DNA binding of the complex Fe(Sal(2)dienNO(3).H(2)O) Abstract: A new metal complex, Fe(Sal(2)dienNO(3).H2O) (where Sal is salicylaldehyde and dien is diethylenetriamine), has been synthesized and characterized. The interactions between the Fe(III) complex and calf thymus DNA has been investigated using UV and fluorescence spectra, viscosity, thermal denaturation, and molecular modeling. The cleavage reaction on plasmid DNA has been monitored by agarose gel electrophoresis. The experimental results show that the mode of binding of the complex to DNA is classical intercalation and the complex can cleave pBR322 DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Determining α-helical and β-sheet secondary structures via pulsed electron spin resonance spectroscopy Abstract: A new method has been developed to determine α-helical and β-sheet secondary structural components of aqueous and membrane-bound proteins using pulsed electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy. The three-pulse electron spin echo envelope modulation (ESEEM) technique was used to detect weakly coupled (2)H-labeled nuclei on side chains in the proximity of a strategically placed nitroxide spin-label up to 8 Å away. Changes in the ESEEM spectra for different samples correlate directly to periodic structural differences between α-helical and β-sheet motifs. These distinct trends were demonstrated with α-helical (M2δ subunit of the acetylcholine receptor) and β-sheet (ubiquitin) peptides in biologically relevant sample environments.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of SNARE complex/synaptotagmin-1 interactions by one-dimensional NMR spectroscopy Abstract: Neurotransmitter release depends critically on the Ca(2+) sensor synaptotagmin-1 and the SNARE proteins syntaxin-1, synaptobrevin, and SNAP-25, which mediate membrane fusion by forming tight SNARE complexes that bridge the synaptic vesicle and plasma membranes. Interactions between the SNARE complex and the two C2 domains of synaptotagmin-1 (the C2A and C2B domains) are believed to play a key role in coupling Ca(2+) sensing to membrane fusion, but the nature of these interactions is unclear, in part because of a paucity of data obtained by quantitative biophysical methods. Here we have analyzed synaptotagmin-1/SNARE complex interactions by monitoring the decrease in the intensities of one-dimensional (13)C-edited (1)H NMR spectra of (13)C-labeled fragments of synaptotagmin-1 upon binding to unlabeled SNARE complex. Our results indicate that there is a primary binding mode between synaptotagmin-1 and the SNARE complex that involves a polybasic region in the C2B domain and has a sub-micromolar affinity. Our NMR data, combined with precipitation assays, show that there are additional SNARE complex/synaptotagmin-1 interactions that lead to aggregation and that involve in part two arginines at the bottom of the C2B domain. Overall, this study shows the importance of disentangling the contributions of different types of interactions to SNARE complex/synaptotagmin-1 binding and illustrates the usefulness of one-dimensional NMR methods to analyze intricate protein interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Allosteric activation of the phosphoinositide phosphatase Sac1 by anionic phospholipids Abstract: Sac family phosphoinositide phosphatases comprise an evolutionarily conserved family of enzymes in eukaryotes. Our recently determined crystal structure of the Sac phosphatase domain of yeast Sac1, the founding member of the Sac family proteins, revealed a unique conformation of the catalytic P-loop and a large positively charged groove at the catalytic site. We now report a unique mechanism for the regulation of its phosphatase activity. Sac1 is an allosteric enzyme that can be activated by its product phosphatidylinositol or anionic phospholipid phosphatidylserine. The activation of Sac1 may involve conformational changes of the catalytic P-loop induced by direct binding with the regulatory anionic phospholipids in the large cationic catalytic groove. These findings highlight the fact that lipid composition of the substrate membrane plays an important role in the control of Sac1 function.	0
Abstract2class: Phosphatidylinositol is crucial for the mechanosensitivity of Mycobacterium tuberculosis MscL Abstract: The bacterial mechanosensitive channel of large conductance (MscL) directly senses and responds to membrane tension. It serves as an "emergency release valve" upon acute decreases in the osmotic environment, thus preventing cell lysis. It is one of the best studied mechanosensitive channels and serves as a paradigm of how a channel senses and responds to its membrane environment. The MscL protein is highly conserved, found throughout the bacterial kingdom, and has been shown to encode a functional mechanosensitive channel in all species where it has been studied. However, channels from different species have shown some functional variance; an extreme example is the Mycobacterium tuberculosis MscL, which when heterologously expressed in Escherichia coli requires significantly more membrane tension for gating than the endogenous E. coli MscL. We previously speculated that the membrane environment or factors not found in E. coli promoted the proper gating of the M. tuberculosis MscL channel in its native environment. Here, by reconstituting the M. tuberculosis and E. coli MscL channels in various lipids, we demonstrate that inclusion of phosphatidylinositol, a lipid found in M. tuberculosis but not E. coli, is sufficient for gating of the M. tuberculosis MscL channel within a physiological range of membrane tension.	0
Abstract2class: Direct interaction of the mouse cytomegalovirus m152/gp40 immunoevasin with RAE-1 isoforms Abstract: Cytomegaloviruses (CMVs) are ubiquitous species-specific viruses that establish acute, persistent, and latent infections. Both human and mouse CMVs encode proteins that inhibit the activation of natural killer (NK) cells by downregulating cellular ligands for the NK cell activating receptor, NKG2D. The MCMV glycoprotein m152/gp40 downregulates the surface expression of RAE-1 to prevent NK cell control in vivo. So far, it is unclear if there is a direct interaction between m152 and RAE-1 and, if so, if m152 interacts differentially with the five identified RAE-1 isoforms, which are expressed as two groups in MCMV-susceptible or -resistant mouse strains. To address these questions, we expressed and purified the extracellular domains of RAE-1 and m152 and performed size exclusion chromatography binding assays as well as analytical ultracentrifugation and isothermal titration calorimetry to characterize these interactions quantitatively. We further evaluated the role of full-length and naturally glycosylated m152 and RAE-1 in cotransfected HEK293T cells. Our results confirmed that m152 binds RAE-1 directly, relatively tightly (K(d) < 5 microM), and with 1:1 stoichiometry. The binding is quantitatively different depending on particular RAE-1 isoforms, corresponding to the susceptibility to downregulation by m152. A PLWY motif found in RAE-1beta, although contributing to its affinity for m152, does not influence the affinity of RAE-1gamma or RAE-1delta, suggesting that other differences contribute to the RAE-1-m152 interaction. Molecular modeling of the different RAE-1 isoforms suggests a potential site for the m152 interaction.	0
Abstract2class: Interaction of influenza A virus M1 matrix protein with caspases Abstract: In this investigation, an ability of influenza A virus M1 matrix protein to bind intracellular caspases, the key enzymes of cell apoptosis, has been examined. Protein-protein binding on polystyrene plates and polyvinyl pyrrolidone membrane was employed for this purpose. Under a comparative study of caspases-3, -6, -7, -8 influenza virus M1 protein specifically bound caspase-8 and weakly bound caspase-7. Using a computer analysis of the N-terminal region of M1 protein, a site similar to the anti-caspase site of baculovirus p35 protein, which inhibits caspases and displays antiapoptotic activity, was identified. These results are in good agreement with the supposition that influenza virus M1 protein is involved in a caspase-8-mediated apoptosis pathway in influenza virus infected cells.	0
Abstract2class: Characteristics of σ-dependent pausing by RNA polymerases from Escherichia coli and Thermus aquaticus Abstract: The σ(70) subunit of RNA polymerase (RNAP) is the major transcription initiation factor in Escherichia coli. During transcription initiation, conserved region 2 of the σ(70) subunit interacts with the -10 promoter element and plays a key role in DNA melting around the starting point of transcription. During transcription elongation, the σ(70) subunit can induce pauses in RNA synthesis owing to interactions of region 2 with DNA regions similar to the -10 promoter element. We demonstrated that the major σ subunit from Thermus aquaticus (σ(A)) is also able to induce transcription pausing by T. aquaticus RNAP. However, hybrid RNAP containing the σ(A) subunit and E. coli core RNAP is unable to form pauses during elongation, while being able to recognize promoters and initiate transcription. Inability of the σ(A) subunit to induce pausing by E. coli RNAP is explained by the substitutions of non-conserved amino acids in region 2, in the subregions interacting with the RNAP core enzyme. Thus, changes in the structure of region 2 of the σ(70) subunit have stronger effects on transcription pausing than on promoter recognition, likely by weakening the interactions of the σ subunit with the core RNAP during transcription elongation.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of glycosylation sites of the epidermal growth factor receptor Abstract: The epidermal growth factor receptor is a transmembrane glycoprotein that mediates the cellular responses to epidermal growth factor (EGF) and transforming growth factor-alpha (TGF-alpha). In this study of the human EGF receptor naturally expressed in A431 cells, the glycosylation sites of the full-length, membrane-bound receptor and of a secreted form of the receptor were characterized by mass spectrometry. Our data show that the naturally expressed human EGF receptor is fully glycosylated on eight of the 11 canonical sites; two of the sites are not glycosylated, and one is partially glycosylated, a pattern of site-usage similar but not identical to those reported for the recombinant human EGF receptor heterologously expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells. We also confirm the partial glycosylation of an atypical NNC site first identified in the receptor expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells. We show that an additional canonical site in the secreted form of the receptor is fully glycosylated. While the pattern of glycosylation is the same for the sites shared by the full-length and the secreted forms of the receptor, the oligosaccharides of the full-length receptor are more extensively processed. Finally, we provide evidence that in addition to the known secreted form of the receptor, a proteolytic cleavage product of the receptor corresponding to the full extracytoplasmic, ligand-binding domain is present in the conditioned medium.	0
Abstract2class: Conformational flexibility and strand arrangements of the membrane-associated HIV fusion peptide trimer probed by solid-state NMR spectroscopy Abstract: The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) fusion peptide (HFP) is the N-terminal apolar region of the HIV gp41 fusion protein and interacts with target cell membranes and promotes membrane fusion. The free peptide catalyzes vesicle fusion at least to the lipid mixing stage and serves as a useful model fusion system. For gp41 constructs which lack the HFP, high-resolution structures show trimeric protein and suggest that at least three HFPs interact with the membrane with their C-termini in close proximity. In addition, previous studies have demonstrated that HFPs which are cross-linked at their C-termini to form trimers (HFPtr) catalyze fusion at a rate which is 15-40 times greater than that of non-cross-linked HFP. In the present study, the structure of membrane-associated HFPtr was probed with solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) methods. Chemical shift and intramolecular (13)CO-(15)N distance measurements show that the conformation of the Leu-7 to Phe-11 region of HFPtr has predominant helical conformation in membranes without cholesterol and beta strand conformation in membranes containing approximately 30 mol % cholesterol. Interstrand (13)CO-(13)CO and (13)CO-(15)N distance measurements were not consistent with an in-register parallel strand arrangement but were consistent with either (1) parallel arrangement with adjacent strands two residues out-of-register or (2) antiparallel arrangement with adjacent strand crossing between Phe-8 and Leu-9. Arrangement 1 could support the rapid fusion rate of HFPtr because of placement of the apolar N-terminal regions of all strands on the same side of the oligomer while arrangement 2 could support the assembly of multiple fusion protein trimers.	0
Abstract2class: Purification and functional characterization of phiX174 lysis protein E Abstract: Two classes of bacteriophages, the single-stranded DNA Microviridae and the single-stranded RNA Alloleviviridae, accomplish lysis by expressing "protein antibiotics", or polypeptides that inhibit cell wall biosynthesis. Previously, we have provided genetic and physiological evidence that E, a 91-amino acid membrane protein encoded by the prototype microvirus, varphiX174, is a specific inhibitor of the translocase MraY, an essential membrane-embedded enzyme that catalyzes the formation of the murein precursor, Lipid I, from UDP-N-acetylmuramic acid-pentapeptide and the lipid carrier, undecaprenol phosphate. Here we report the first purification of E, which has been refractory to overexpression because of its lethality to Escherichia coli. Moreover, using a fluorescently labeled analogue of the sugar-nucleotide substrate, we demonstrate that E acts as a noncompetitive inhibitor of detergent-solubilized MraY, with respect to both soluble and lipid substrates. In addition, we show that the E sensitivity of five MraY mutant proteins, produced from alleles selected for resistance to E, can be correlated to the apparent affinities determined by in vivo multicopy suppression experiments. These results are inconsistent with previous reports that E inhibited membrane-embedded MraY but not the detergent-solubilized enzyme, which led to a model in which E functions by binding MraY and blocking the formation of an essential heteromultimeric complex involving MraY and other murein biosynthesis enzymes. We discuss a new model in which E binds to MraY at a site composed of the two transmembrane domains within which the E resistance mutations map and the fact that the result of this binding is a conformational change that inactivates the enzyme.	0
Abstract2class: HDL mimetic peptide ATI-5261 forms an oligomeric assembly in solution that dissociates to monomers upon dilution Abstract: ATI-5261 is a 26-mer peptide that stimulates cellular cholesterol efflux with high potency. This peptide displays high aqueous solubility, despite having amphipathic α-helix structure and a broad nonpolar surface. These features suggested to us that ATI-5261 may adopt a specific form in solution, having favorable structural characteristics and dynamics. To test this, we subjected ATI-5261 to a series of biophysical studies and correlated self-association with secondary structure and activity. Gel-filtration chromatography and native gel electrophoresis indicated ATI-5261 adopted a discrete self-associated form of low molecular weight at concentrations >1 mg/mL. Formation of a discrete molecular species was verified by small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), which further revealed the peptide formed a tetrameric assembly having an elongated shape and hollow central core. This assembly dissociated to individual peptide strands upon dilution to concentrations required for promoting high-affinity cholesterol efflux from cells. Moreover, the α-helical content of ATI-5261 was exceptionally high (74.1 ± 6.8%) regardless of physical form and concentration. Collectively, these results indicate ATI-5261 displays oligomeric behavior generally similar to native apolipoproteins and dissociates to monomers of high α-helical content upon dilution. Optimizing self-association behavior and secondary structure may prove useful for improving the translatability and efficacy of apolipoprotein mimetic peptides.	0
Abstract2class: Homodimerization of the p51 subunit of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase Abstract: The dimerization of HIV reverse transcriptase (RT), required to obtain the active form of the enzyme, is influenced by mutations, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs), nucleotide substrates, Mg ions, temperature, and specifically designed dimerization inhibitors. In this study, we have utilized nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy of the [methyl-(13)C]methionine-labeled enzyme and small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS) to investigate how several of these factors influence the dimerization behavior of the p51 subunit. The (1)H-(13)C HSQC spectrum of p51 obtained at micromolar concentrations indicates that a significant fraction of the p51 adopts a "p66-like" conformation. SAXS data obtained for p51 samples were used to determine the fractions of monomer and dimer in the sample and to evaluate the conformation of the fingers/thumb subdomain. All of the p51 monomer observed was found to adopt the compact, "p51C" conformation observed for the p51 subunit in the RT heterodimer. The NMR and SAXS data indicate that the p51 homodimer adopts a structure that is similar to the p66/p51 heterodimer, with one p51C subunit and a second p51 subunit in an extended, "p51E" conformation that resembles the p66 subunit of the heterodimer. The fractional dimer concentration and the fingers/thumb orientation are found to depend strongly on the experimental conditions and exhibit a qualitative dependence on nevirapine and ionic strength (KCl) that is similar to the behavior reported for the heterodimer and the p66 homodimer. The L289K mutation interferes with p51 homodimer formation as it does with formation of the heterodimer, despite its location far from the dimer interface. This effect is readily interpreted in terms of a conformational selection model, in which p51(L289K) has a much greater preference for the compact, p51C conformation. A reduced level of dimer formation then results from the reduced ratio of the p51E(L289K) to p51C(L289K) monomers.	0
Abstract2class: The basic amino acids in the coiled-coil domain of CIN85 regulate its interaction with c-Cbl and phosphatidic acid during epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) endocytosis Abstract: Background:                       During EGFR internalization CIN85 bridges EGFR-Cbl complex, endocytic machinery and fusible membrane through the interactions of CIN85 with c-Cbl, endophilins and phosphatidic acid. These protein-protein and protein-lipid interactions are mediated or regulated by the positively charged C-terminal coiled-coil domain of CIN85. However, the details of CIN85-lipid interaction remain unknown. The present study suggested a possible electric interaction between the negative charge of phosphatidic acid and the positive charge of basic amino acids in coiled-coil domain.                  Results:                       Mutations of the basic amino acids in the coiled-coil domain, especially K645, K646, R648 and R650, into neutral amino acid alanine completely blocked the interaction of CIN85 with c-Cbl or phosphatidic acid. However, they did not affect CIN85-endophilin interaction. In addition, CIN85 was found to associate with the internalized EGFR endosomes. It interacted with several ESCRT (Endosomal Sorting Complex Required for Transport) component proteins for ESCRT assembly on endosomal membrane. Mutations in the coiled-coil domain (deletion of the coiled-coil domain or point mutations of the basic amino acids) dissociated CIN85 from endosomes. These mutants bound the ESCRT components in cytoplasm to prevent them from assembly on endosomal membrane and inhibited EGFR sorting for degradation.                  Conclusions:                       As an adaptor protein, CIN85 interacts with variety of partners through several domains. The positive charges of basic amino acids in the coiled-coil domain are not only involved in the interaction with phosphatidic acid, but also regulate the interaction of CIN85 with c-Cbl. CIN85 also interacts with ESCRT components for protein sorting in endosomes. These CIN85-protein and CIN85-lipid interactions enable CIN85 to link EGFR-Cbl endocytic complex with fusible membrane during EGFR endocytosis and subsequently to facilitate ESCRT formation on endosomal membrane for EGFR sorting and degradation.	0
Abstract2class: Role of hydrophilic residues in proton transfer during catalysis by human carbonic anhydrase II Abstract: Catalysis by the zinc metalloenzyme human carbonic anhydrase II (HCA II) is limited in maximal velocity by proton transfer between His64 and the zinc-bound solvent molecule. Asn62 extends into the active site cavity of HCA II adjacent to His64 and has been shown to be one of several hydrophilic residues participating in a hydrogen-bonded solvent network within the active site. We compared several site-specific mutants of HCA II with replacements at position 62 (Ala, Val, Leu, Thr, and Asp). The efficiency of catalysis in the hydration of CO 2 for the resulting mutants has been characterized by (18)O exchange, and the structures of the mutants have been determined by X-ray crystallography to 1.5-1.7 A resolution. Each of these mutants maintained the ordered water structure observed by X-ray crystallography in the active site cavity of wild-type HCA II; hence, this water structure was not a variable in comparing with wild type the activities of mutants at residue 62. Crystal structures of wild-type and N62T HCA II showed both an inward and outward orientation of the side chain of His64; however, other mutants in this study showed predominantly inward (N62A, N62V, N62L) or predominantly outward (N62D) orientations of His64. A significant role of Asn62 in HCA II is to permit two conformations of the side chain of His64, the inward and outward, that contributes to maximal efficiency of proton transfer between the active site and solution. The site-specific mutant N62D had a mainly outward orientation of His64, yet the difference in p K a between the proton donor His64 and zinc-bound hydroxide was near zero, as in wild-type HCA II. The rate of proton transfer in catalysis by N62D HCA II was 5% that of wild type, showing that His64 mainly in the outward orientation is associated with inefficient proton transfer compared with His64 in wild type which shows both inward and outward orientations. These results emphasize the roles of the residues of the hydrophilic side of the active site cavity in maintaining efficient catalysis by carbonic anhydrase.	0
Abstract2class: Converting a binding protein into a biosensing conformational switch using protein fragment exchange Abstract: Biosensors can be used in applications ranging from identifying disease biomarkers to detecting spatial and temporal distributions of specific molecules in living cells. A major challenge facing biosensor development is how to functionally couple a biological recognition domain to an output module so that the binding event can be transduced to a visible and quantifiable signal [e.g., Förster resonance energy transfer (FRET)]. Most designs achieve coupling by means of a binding protein that changes conformation upon interacting with its target. This approach is limited by the fact that few proteins possess such natural allosteric mechanisms, and for those that do, the conformational change is frequently not extensive enough to produce a large change in distance between FRET donor and acceptor groups. Here, we introduce protein fragment exchange (FREX) to address both problems. FREX employs two components: a folded binding protein and a fragment duplicated from it, the latter of which can be chosen from many possible fragments. The system is rationally tuned so that addition of ligand induces a conformational change in which the fragment exchanges positions with the corresponding segment of the binding protein. Placing fluorescent donor and acceptor groups on the binding protein and fragment reduces the background level of FRET of the unbound sensor, resulting in a ratiometric FRET response that is expected to be strong and reproducible from protein to protein. FREX is demonstrated using fibronectin III, a monobody binding scaffold that has been tailored to recognize multiple targets. Sensors labeled with Alexa FRET pairs exhibit ratiometric FRET changes of up to 8.6-fold and perform equally well in buffer and serum. A genetically encoded variant of this sensor is shown to be functional in cell lysates and in mammalian cell cultures.	0
Abstract2class: Design of high-activity mutants of human butyrylcholinesterase against (-)-cocaine: structural and energetic factors affecting the catalytic efficiency Abstract: The present study was aimed to explore the correlation between the protein structure and catalytic efficiency of butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) mutants against (-)-cocaine by modeling the rate-determining transition state (TS1), i.e., the transition state for the first step of chemical reaction process, of (-)-cocaine hydrolysis catalyzed by various mutants of human BChE in comparison with the wild type. Molecular modeling of the TS1 structures revealed that mutations on certain nonactive site residues can indirectly affect the catalytic efficiency of the enzyme against (-)-cocaine through enhancing or weakening the overall hydrogen bonding between the carbonyl oxygen of (-)-cocaine benzoyl ester and the oxyanion hole of the enzyme. Computational insights and predictions were supported by the catalytic activity data obtained from wet experimental tests on the mutants of human BChE, including five new mutants reported for the first time. The BChE mutants with at least ∼1000-fold improved catalytic efficiency against (-)-cocaine compared to the wild-type BChE are all associated with the TS1 structures having stronger overall hydrogen bonding between the carbonyl oxygen of (-)-cocaine benzoyl ester and the oxyanion hole of the enzyme. The combined computational and experimental data demonstrate a reasonable correlation relationship between the hydrogen-bonding distances in the TS1 structure and the catalytic efficiency of the enzyme against (-)-cocaine.	0
Abstract2class: Constitutive and induced functions of the p53 gene Abstract: The p53 tumor suppressor serves to secure genetic stability of multicellular organisms. It suppresses the accumulation of mutations in somatic cells and substantially decreases the probability of malignant diseases. The p53 gene acts highly selectively through multiple mechanisms. Under relatively favorable conditions, p53 helps to maintain intracellular homeostasis by balancing anabolic and catabolic processes and by timely elimination of reactive oxygen species. These functions of p53 facilitate maximal efficiency and survival of cells under conditions of physiological stresses. In the case of grave molecular damage caused by severe stress, a significant amount of highly active p53 is induced leading to irreversible growth arrest and programmed cell death. The induced functions of p53 secure the timely elimination from the organism of damaged and potentially dangerous cells. Collectively, the functions of p53 contribute to the prevention of malignant and other diseases and decelerate the aging process.	0
Abstract2class: Nicking endonucleases Abstract: Nicking endonucleases are a new type of enzymes. Like restriction endonucleases, they recognize short specific DNA sequence and cleave DNA at a fixed position relatively to the recognition sequence. However, unlike restriction endonucleases, nicking endonucleases cleave only one predetermined DNA strand. Until recently, nicking endonucleases were suggested to be naturally mutated restriction endonucleases which had lost their ability to dimerize and as a result the ability to cleave the second strand. We have shown that nicking endonucleases are one of the subunits of heterodimeric restriction endonucleases. Mechanisms used by various restriction endonucleases for double-stranded cleavage, designing of artificial nicking endonucleases on the basis of restriction endonucleases, and application of nicking endonucleases in molecular biology are reviewed.	0
Abstract2class: Some properties of site-specific nickase BspD6I and the possibility of its use in hybridization analysis of DNA Abstract: A new method for hybridization analysis of nucleic acids is proposed on the basis of the ability of site-specific nickases to cleave only one DNA strand. The method is based on the use of a labeled oligonucleotide with the recognition site of the nickase hybridized with the target (DNA or RNA) at an optimal temperature of the enzyme (55 degrees C). The two shorter oligonucleotides formed after the cleavage with the nickase do not complex with the target. Thus, a multiple cleavage of the labeled oligonucleotide takes place on one target molecule. The cleavage of the nucleotide is recorded either by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (when a radioactive labeled oligonucleotide is used) or by fluorescence measurements (if the oligonucleotide has the structure of a molecular beacon). The new method was tested on nickase BspD6I and a radioactive oligonucleotide complementary to the polylinker region of the viral DNA strand in bacteriophage M13mp19. Unfortunately, nickase BspD6I does not cleave DNA in the RNA-DNA duplexes and therefore cannot be used for detection of RNA targets.	0
Abstract2class: PCR fragmentation of DNA Abstract: A method has been developed to prepare random DNA fragments using PCR. First, two cycles are carried out at 16 degrees C with the Klenow's fragment and oligonucleotides (random primers) with random 3'-sequences and the 5'-constant part containing the site for cloning with the site-specific endonuclease. The random primers can link to any DNA site, and random DNA fragments are formed during DNA synthesis. During the second cycle, after denaturation of the DNA and addition of the Klenow's fragment, the random primers can link to newly synthesized DNA strands, and after DNA synthesis single-stranded DNA fragments are produced which have a constant primer sequence at the 5'-end and a complementary to it sequence at the 3'-end. During the third cycle, the constant primer is added and double-stranded fragments with the constant primer sequences at both ends are formed during DNA synthesis. Incubation for 1 h at 37 degrees C degrades the oligonucleotides used at the first stage due to endonuclease activity of the Klenow's fragment. Then routine PCR amplification is carried out using the constant primer. This method is more advantageous than hydrodynamic methods of DNA fragmentation widely used for "shotgun" cloning.	0
Abstract2class: Oxidative phosphorylation and respiratory control phenomenon in Paracoccus denitrificans plasma membrane Abstract: Changes in respiratory activity, transmembrane electric potential, and ATP synthesis as induced by additions of limited amounts of ADP and P(i) to tightly coupled inverted (inside-out) Paracoccus denitrificans plasma membrane vesicles were traced. The pattern of the changes was qualitatively the same as those observed for coupled mitochondria during the classical State 4-State 3-State 4 transition. Bacterial vesicles devoid of energy-dependent permeability barriers for the substrates of oxidation and phosphorylation were used as a simple experimental model to investigate two possible mechanisms of respiratory control: (i) in State 4 phosphoryl transfer potential (ATP/ADP × P(i)) is equilibrated with proton-motive force by reversibly operating F(1)·F(o)-ATPase (thermodynamic control); (ii) in State 4 apparent "equilibrium" is reached by unidirectional operation of proton motive force-activated F(1)·F(o)-ATP synthase. The data support the kinetic mechanism of the respiratory control phenomenon.	0
Abstract2class: The role of calcium in lipoprotein release by the low-density lipoprotein receptor Abstract: The LDL receptor (LDLR) mediates efficient endocytosis of VLDL, VLDL remnants, and LDL. As part of the uptake process, the LDLR releases lipoproteins in endosomes. Released lipoproteins are subsequently trafficked to lysosomes for degradation, while the LDLR recycles back to the cell surface for further rounds of uptake. Endosomes have at least two features that can promote lipoprotein release: an acidic pH and low concentrations of free calcium. The relative contributions of acidic pH and low free calcium to lipoprotein release are not known. Here, we generated fibroblasts that express either normal LDLR or an LDLR variant that is unable to employ the acid-dependent release mechanism to determine the relative contributions of acidic pH and low free calcium on lipoprotein release. We show that endosomal concentrations of free calcium can drive lipoprotein release at rates that are similar to those of acid-dependent release and that the calcium-dependent and acid-dependent mechanisms can cooperate during lipoprotein release. Assessment of lipoprotein uptake by these two cell lines showed that LDL uptake requires the acid-dependent mechanism, while uptake of the VLDL remnant, beta-VLDL, does not. We propose that endosomes use both the acid-dependent and calcium-dependent release mechanisms to drive lipoprotein release and that the acid-dependent process is only required for LDL release.	0
Abstract2class: Simple photometric assay of beta-lactamase activity Abstract: A simple photometric assay of beta-lactamase activity was developed. The method is based on a decrease in optical density at 620 nm caused by the formation of a penicilloic acid-iodine complex. The enzymatic reaction is instantaneously stopped by the addition of a concentrated iodine-tungstate solution. Data showing the time and concentration dependence of the reaction are presented. By varying both the time of the assay and the concentration of the enzyme, substrates of widely different V(max) values could be assayed. The assay is compared with other methods of determining beta-lactamase activity.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of four beta-lactamases produced by Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Staphylococcus aureus produces four types of beta-lactamase (A, B, C, and D). To investigate the effect of specific beta-lactamase type upon staphylococcal resistance, each beta-lactamase was purified to homogeneity, and the Michaelis constants (Km values) and turnover numbers (kcat values) for various penicillin and cephalosporin substrates were determined. Whereas Km values of the four beta-lactamases were comparable for penicillin G, cephalothin, and cefamandole, the type A and D enzymes exhibited greater affinity than the type B and C beta-lactamases for nitrocefin, cefazolin, and cephapirin. Conversely, the type B and C beta-lactamases exhibited greater kcat values than the type A and D enzymes against most of the cephalosporin agents, excluding nitrocefin. In contrast to earlier reports suggesting that the type B beta-lactamase is relatively inefficient in hydrolyzing penicillin G, we found only minor differences in the specific activities and kcat values of the type A, B, and C beta-lactamases. The type D beta-lactamase was distinctly less active against penicillin G, however, exhibiting only 15 to 25% of the kcat values of the other beta-lactamases. More than a 2,000-fold difference between the relative efficiencies of hydrolysis (kcat/Km) of cefazolin and cefuroxime by the type A beta-lactamase exists. This greatly exceeds the 60-fold difference in the stability of penicillin G and cefazolin with the same enzyme. Whereas the isoelectric points of the type A, B, and C beta-lactamases were similar, the value for the type D beta-lactamase was distinguishably lower (10.1 for types A, B, and C and 9.7 for type D). We conclude that marked differences in the stability of commonly used beta-lactams to hydrolysis by the staphylococcal beta-lactamases are present. This heterogeneity and the clinical implication thereof need to be considered in the antibiotic management of staphylococcal infection.	0
Abstract2class: ABC transporters and azole susceptibility in laboratory strains of the wheat pathogen Mycosphaerella graminicola Abstract: Laboratory strains of Mycosphaerella graminicola with decreased susceptibilities to the azole antifungal agent cyproconazole showed a multidrug resistance phenotype by exhibiting cross-resistance to an unrelated chemical, cycloheximide or rhodamine 6G, or both. Decreased azole susceptibility was found to be associated with either decreased or increased levels of accumulation of cyproconazole. No specific relationship could be observed between azole susceptibility and the expression of ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter genes MgAtr1 to MgAtr5 and the sterol P450 14alpha-demethylase gene, CYP51. ABC transporter MgAtr1 was identified as a determinant in azole susceptibility since heterologous expression of the protein reduced the azole susceptibility of Saccharomyces cerevisiae and disruption of MgAtr1 in one specific M. graminicola laboratory strain with constitutive MgAtr1 overexpression restored the level of susceptibility to cyproconazole to wild-type levels. However, the level of accumulation in the mutant with an MgAtr1 disruption did not revert to the wild-type level. We propose that variations in azole susceptibility in laboratory strains of M. graminicola are mediated by multiple mechanisms.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibition of Micrococcus luteus DNA gyrase by norfloxacin and 10 other quinolone carboxylic acids Abstract: The ability of norfloxacin, amifloxacin, cinoxacin, ciprofloxacin, flumequine, nalidixic acid, ofloxacin (OFL), oxolinic acid, perfloxacin, pipemidic acid, and rosoxacin to inhibit the in vitro supercoiling activity of Micrococcus luteus DNA gyrase was compared with the ability of each drug to inhibit the growth of the M. luteus strain from which the gyrase was purified. The potency of the quinolones as DNA gyrase inhibitors did not always correlate with antimicrobial potency. For example, OFL was a less potent inhibitor of gyrase than rosoxacin, yet the MIC of OFL was 16-fold lower than that of rosoxacin. Similarly, the MICs of norfloxacin and ciprofloxacin (the most potent of the antibiotics tested in these assays) were several hundredfold lower than the MIC of nalidixic acid (the least potent of these antibiotics), but the inhibition of purified gyrase by these two quinolones was only 8- to 16-fold lower than that of nalidixic acid. These results suggest that factors in addition to inhibition of gyrase supercoiling activity are important in determining the potency of these drugs. Further studies indicated that the uptake of norfloxacin, OFL, and amifloxacin by M. luteus cells may not account for the large differences in MICs observed for these drugs (MICs of 0.8, 2.0, and 128 micrograms/ml, respectively).	0
Abstract2class: Moxifloxacin population pharmacokinetics and model-based comparison of efficacy between moxifloxacin and ofloxacin in African patients Abstract: Pharmacokinetic exposure and the MIC of fluoroquinolones are important determinants of their efficacy against Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Population modeling was used to describe the steady-state plasma pharmacokinetics of moxifloxacin in 241 tuberculosis (TB) patients in southern Africa. Monte Carlo simulations were applied to obtain the area under the unbound concentration-time curve from 0 to 24 h (fAUC0-24) after daily doses of 400 mg or 800 mg moxifloxacin and 800 mg ofloxacin. The MIC distributions of ofloxacin and moxifloxacin were determined for 197 drug-resistant clinical isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. For a specific MIC, the probability of target attainment (PTA) was determined for target fAUC0-24/MIC ratios of ≥53 and ≥100. The PTAs were combined with the MIC distributions to calculate the cumulative fraction of response (CFR) for multidrug-resistant (MDR) Mycobacterium tuberculosis strains. Even with the less stringent target ratio of ≥53, moxifloxacin at 400 mg and ofloxacin at 800 mg achieved CFRs of only 84% and 58% for multidrug-resistant isolates with resistance to an injectable drug, while the 800-mg moxifloxacin dose achieved a CFR of 98%. Using a target ratio of ≥100 for multidrug-resistant strains (without resistance to injectable agents or fluoroquinolones), the CFR was 88% for moxifloxacin and only 43% for ofloxacin, and the higher dose of 800 mg moxifloxacin was needed to achieve a CFR target of >90%. Our results indicate that moxifloxacin is more efficacious than ofloxacin in the treatment of MDR-TB. Further studies should determine the optimal pharmacodynamic target for moxifloxacin in a multidrug regimen and clarify safety issues when it is administered at higher doses.	0
Abstract2class: Moxifloxacin population pharmacokinetics in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis and the effect of intermittent high-dose rifapentine Abstract: We described the population pharmacokinetics of moxifloxacin and the effect of high-dose intermittent rifapentine in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis who were randomized to a continuation-phase regimen of 400 mg moxifloxacin and 900 mg rifapentine twice weekly or 400 mg moxifloxacin and 1,200 mg rifapentine once weekly. A two-compartment model with transit absorption best described moxifloxacin pharmacokinetics. Although rifapentine increased the clearance of moxifloxacin by 8% during antituberculosis treatment compared to that after treatment completion without rifapentine, it did not result in a clinically significant change in moxifloxacin exposure.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of four different meal types on the population pharmacokinetics of single-dose rifapentine in healthy male volunteers Abstract: Rifapentine and its primary metabolite, 25-desacetyl rifapentine, are active against mycobacterium tuberculosis. The objectives of this study were to describe the population pharmacokinetics of rifapentine and 25-desacetyl rifapentine in fasting and fed states. Thirty-five male healthy volunteers were enrolled in an open-label, randomized, sequential, five-way crossover study. Participants received a single 900-mg dose of rifapentine after meals with high fat (meal A), bulk and low fat (meal B), bulk and high fat (meal C), high fluid and low fat (meal D), or 200 ml of water (meal E). Venous blood samples were collected over 72 h after each rifapentine dose, and plasma was analyzed for rifapentine and 25-desacetyl rifapentine using high-performance liquid chromatography. Pharmacokinetic data were analyzed by nonlinear mixed-effect modeling using NONMEM. Compared with the fasting state, meal A had the greatest effect on rifapentine oral bioavailability, increasing it by 86%. Meals B, C, and D resulted in 33%, 46%, and 49% increases in rifapentine oral bioavailability, respectively. Similar trends were observed for 25-desacetyl rifapentine. As meal behavior has a substantial impact on rifapentine exposure, it should be considered in the evaluation of optimal dosing approaches.	0
Abstract2class: Systematic review and meta-analysis of in vitro synergy of polymyxins and carbapenems Abstract: Our objective was to examine the evidence of in vitro synergy of polymyxin-carbapenem combination therapy against Gram-negative bacteria (GNB). A systematic review and meta-analysis were performed. All studies examining in vitro interactions of antibiotic combinations consisting of any carbapenem with colistin or polymyxin B against any GNB were used. A broad search was conducted with no language, date, or publication status restrictions. Synergy rates, defined as a fractional inhibitory concentration index of ≤0.5 or a >2-log reduction in CFU, were pooled separately for time-kill, checkerboard, and Etest methods in a mixed-effect meta-analysis of rates. We examined whether the synergy rate depended on the testing method, type of antibiotic, bacteria, and resistance to carbapenems. Pooled rates with 95% confidence intervals (CI) are shown. Thirty-nine published studies and 15 conference proceeding were included, reporting on 246 different tests on 1,054 bacterial isolates. In time-kill studies, combination therapy showed synergy rates of 77% (95% CI, 64 to 87%) for Acinetobacter baumannii, 44% (95% CI, 30 to 59%) for Klebsiella pneumoniae, and 50% (95% CI, 30 to 69%) for Pseudomonas aeruginosa, with low antagonism rates for all. Doripenem showed high synergy rates for all three bacteria. For A. baumannii, meropenem was more synergistic than imipenem, whereas for P. aeruginosa the opposite was true. Checkerboard and Etest studies generally reported lower synergy rates than time-kill studies. The use of combination therapy led to less resistance development in vitro. The combination of a carbapenem with a polymyxin against GNB, especially A. baumannii, is supported in vitro by high synergy rates, with low antagonism and less resistance development. These findings should be examined in clinical studies.	0
Abstract2class: Physiologically Based Pharmacokinetic Model of Rifapentine and 25-Desacetyl Rifapentine Disposition in Humans Abstract: Rifapentine (RPT) is a rifamycin antimycobacterial and, as part of a combination therapy, is indicated for the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis (TB) caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis Although the results from a number of studies indicate that rifapentine has the potential to shorten treatment duration and enhance completion rates compared to other rifamycin agents utilized in antituberculosis drug regimens (i.e., regimens 1 to 4), its optimal dose and exposure in humans are unknown. To help inform such an optimization, a physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) model was developed to predict time course, tissue-specific concentrations of RPT and its active metabolite, 25-desacetyl rifapentine (dRPT), in humans after specified administration schedules for RPT. Starting with the development and verification of a PBPK model for rats, the model was extrapolated and then tested using human pharmacokinetic data. Testing and verification of the models included comparisons of predictions to experimental data in several rat tissues and time course RPT and dRPT plasma concentrations in humans from several single- and repeated-dosing studies. Finally, the model was used to predict RPT concentrations in the lung during the intensive and continuation phases of a current recommended TB treatment regimen. Based on these results, it is anticipated that the PBPK model developed in this study will be useful in evaluating dosing regimens for RPT and for characterizing tissue-level doses that could be predictors of problems related to efficacy or safety.	0
Abstract2class: Full-Length Nucleotide Sequences of mcr-1-Harboring Plasmids Isolated from Extended-Spectrum-β-Lactamase-Producing Escherichia coli Isolates of Different Origins Abstract: Here, we present the full sequences of three mcr-1-carrying plasmids isolated from extended-spectrum-β-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Escherichia coli The plasmids belong to three different replicon types and are 34,640 bp, 209,401 bp, and 247,885 bp in size. We describe for the first time a composite transposon containing mcr-1 localized on a multidrug-resistant (MDR) IncHI2 plasmid harboring additional determinants of resistance to six different classes of antibiotics, including the ESBL gene blaCTX-M-1, and heavy metal resistance.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro activities of U-100592 and U-100766, novel oxazolidinone antibacterial agents Abstract: Oxazolidinones make up a relatively new class of antimicrobial agents which possess a unique mechanism of bacterial protein synthesis inhibition. U-100592 (S)-N-[[3-[3-fluoro-4-[4-(hydroxyacetyl)-1-piperazinyl]- phenyl]-2-oxo-5-oxazolidinyl]methyl]-acetamide and U-100766 (S)-N-[[3-[3-fluoro-4-(4-morpholinyl)phenyl]- 2-oxo-5-oxazolidinyl]methyl]-acetamide are novel oxazolidinone analogs from a directed chemical modification program. MICs were determined for a variety of bacterial clinical isolates; the respective MICs of U-100592 and U-100766 at which 90% of isolates are inhibited were as follows: methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus, 4 and 4 micrograms/ml; methicillin-resistant S. aureus, 4 and 4 micrograms/ml; methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus epidermidis, 2 and 2 micrograms/ml; methicillin-resistant S. epidermidis, 1 and 2 micrograms/ml; Enterococcus faecalis, 2 and 4 micrograms/ml; Enterococcus faecium, 2 and 4 micrograms/ml; Streptococcus pyogenes, 1 and 2 micrograms/ml; Streptococcus pneumoniae, 0.50 and 1 microgram/ml; Corynebacterium spp., 0.50 and 0.50 micrograms/ml; Moraxella catarrhalis, 4 and 4 micrograms/ml; Listeria monocytogenes, 8 and 2 micrograms/ml; and Bacteroides fragilis, 16 and 4 micrograms/ml. Most strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and the gram-positive anaerobes were inhibited in the range of 0.50 to 2 micrograms/ml. Enterococcal strains resistant to vancomycin (VanA, VanB, and VanC resistance phenotypes), pneumococcal strains resistant to penicillin, and M. tuberculosis strains resistant to common antitubercular agents (isoniazid, streptomycin, rifampin, ethionamide, and ethambutol) were not cross-resistant to the oxazolidinones. The presence of 10, 20, and 40% pooled human serum did not affect the antibacterial activities of the oxazolidinones. Time-kill studies demonstrated a bacteriostatic effect of the analogs against staphylococci and enterococci but a bactericidal effect against streptococci. The spontaneous mutation frequencies of S. aureus ATCC 29213 were <3.8 x 10(-10) and <8 x 10(-11) for U-100592 and U-100766, respectively. Serial transfer of three staphylococcal and two enterococcal strains on drug gradient plates produced no evidence of rapid resistance development. Thus, these new oxazolidinone analogs demonstrated in vitro antibacterial activities against a variety of clinically important human pathogens.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro antibacterial activity of trospectomycin (U-63366F), a novel spectinomycin analog Abstract: Trospectomycin (U-63366F) is a novel spectinomycin analog with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity. The in vitro activity of this analog was compared with that of spectinomycin and other reference antibiotics against 411 clinical isolates of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. MICs were determined by agar or broth dilution methods. The stability of trospectomycin in the presence of an enzyme extract derived from spectinomycin-resistant Escherichia coli was determined. Trospectomycin was more active than spectinomycin (4- to 32-fold) against strains of numerous bacterial species, including staphylococci, streptococci, Haemophilus influenzae, Branhamella catarrhalis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, Proteus species, Bacteroides species, Clostridium difficile, Clostridium species, and Chlamydia trachomatis. Trospectomycin demonstrated a moderate level of activity (comparable to that of spectinomycin) for most species of the family Enterobacteriaceae tested and was generally cross resistant with spectinomycin. Trospectomycin was susceptible to inactivation by crude enzyme preparations from spectinomycin-inactivating strains of E. coli. Trospectomycin inhibited a variety of clinically important organisms, including agents of sexually transmitted diseases and pelvic inflammatory disease. Clinical studies with this novel aminocyclitol antibiotic are in progress.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro antibacterial activity and interactions with beta-lactamases and penicillin-binding proteins of the new monocarbam antibiotic U-78608 Abstract: U-78608, a new monocarbam antibiotic, was evaluated for in vitro activity against 312 clinical isolates of aerobic and anaerobic bacteria and subjected to several in vitro biochemical tests characterizing its interactions with beta-lactamases and penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs). The antibacterial activity of the compound was compared directly with those of SQ 83,360 (pirazmonam) and aztreonam. U-78608, SQ 83,360, and aztreonam had generally poor activity against gram-positive aerobic bacteria and anaerobic bacteria. U-78608 demonstrated activity primarily against gram-negative aerobic bacteria, with potency generally comparable to that of SQ 83,360. U-78608 and SQ 83,360 were less active than aztreonam for some gram-negative species; however, both compounds were 8- to 64-fold more active than aztreonam against Acinetobacter species, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Pseudomonas maltophilia. All three compounds resisted inactivation by several different beta-lactamases from gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Neither U-78608 nor SQ 83,360 exhibited significant inhibition of these enzymes, while aztreonam inhibited beta-lactamases from P. aeurginosa and Klebsiella oxytoca. All three compounds exhibited strong affinity to PBP 3 of Escherichia coli and moderate to negligible affinity to the other E. coli PBPs; quantitative measurements indicated that U-78608 had greater PBP 3 affinity than either SQ 83,360 or aztreonam.	0
Abstract2class: SPR741, an Antibiotic Adjuvant, Potentiates the In Vitro and In Vivo Activity of Rifampin against Clinically Relevant Extensively Drug-Resistant Acinetobacter baumannii Abstract: Acinetobacter baumannii is responsible for 10% of all nosocomial infections and has >50% mortality rates when causing ventilator-associated pneumonia. In this proof-of-concept study, we evaluated SPR741, an antibiotic adjuvant that permeabilizes the Gram-negative membrane, in combination with rifampin against AB5075, an extensively drug-resistant (XDR) A. baumannii strain. In standard in vitro assays and in a murine pulmonary model, we found that this drug combination can significantly reduce bacterial burden and promote animal survival despite an aggressive infection.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of calcium, magnesium, and zinc on ticarcillin and tobramycin alone and in combination against Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: Correlation between in vitro and in vivo test results for synergy between carboxypenicillins and aminoglycosides against Pseudomonas aeruginosa is poor. Although the divalent cation content of culture media is known to affect aminoglycoside susceptibility testing for P. aeruginosa, this effect of divalent cations has not been examined for synergy testing of carboxypenicillin-aminoglycoside interaction against P. aeruginosa. The minimal inhibitory concentrations (MICs) of tobramycin and ticarcillin and the interaction of these drugs in combination were studied by a microtitration method for 36 strains of P. aeruginosa in Mueller-Hinton broth with varying supplements of calcium, magnesium, and zinc. The supplementation of Mueller-Hinton broth to 50 or 100 mg of calcium per liter had a significant effect in increasing the tobramycin MIC (P less than 0.01), as well as decreasing the degree of synergy between ticarcillin and tobramycin (P less than 0.01). Supplementation to 20 mg of magnesium per liter, 1.0 mg of zinc per liter, or both did not significantly affect tobramycin MIC or the interaction of tobramycin and ticarcillin. Supplementation to 50 or 100 mg of calcium per liter rendered any additional effect of magnesium and zinc on aminoglycoside MIC and aminoglycoside-carboxypenicillin interaction negligible. If these results for ticarcillin and tobramycin are confirmed for other carboxypenicillins and aminoglycosides, then the Mueller-Hinton broth used for P. aeruginosa aminoglycoside susceptibility and synergy testing may need to be supplemented only with calcium at a concentration of 50 mg/liter.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of Structurally Diverse Small-Molecule Compounds with Broad Antiviral Activity against Enteroviruses Abstract: Antiviral drugs do not currently exist for the treatment of enterovirus infections, which are often severe and potentially life-threatening. We conducted high-throughput molecular screening and identified a structurally diverse set of compounds that inhibit the replication of coxsackievirus B3, a commonly encountered enterovirus. These compounds did not interfere with the function of the viral internal ribosome entry site or with the activity of the viral proteases, but they did drastically reduce the synthesis of viral RNA and viral proteins in infected cells. Sequence analysis of compound-resistant mutants suggests that the viral 2C protein is targeted by most of these compounds. These compounds demonstrated antiviral activity against a panel of the most commonly encountered enteroviruses and thus represent potential leads for the development of broad-spectrum anti-enteroviral drugs.	0
Abstract2class: Fluoxetine is a potent inhibitor of coxsackievirus replication Abstract: No antiviral drugs currently exist for the treatment of enterovirus infections, which are often severe and potentially life threatening. Molecular screening of small molecule libraries identified fluoxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, as a potent inhibitor of coxsackievirus replication. Fluoxetine did not interfere with either viral entry or translation of the viral genome. Instead, fluoxetine and its metabolite norfluoxetine markedly reduced the synthesis of viral RNA and protein. In view of its favorable pharmacokinetics and safety profile, fluoxetine warrants additional study as a potential antiviral agent for enterovirus infections.	0
Abstract2class: Prospective Study of Plasmodium vivax Malaria Recurrence after Radical Treatment with a Chloroquine-Primaquine Standard Regimen in Turbo, Colombia Abstract: Plasmodium vivax recurrences help maintain malaria transmission. They are caused by recrudescence, reinfection, or relapse, which are not easily differentiated. A longitudinal observational study took place in Turbo municipality, Colombia. Participants with uncomplicated P. vivax infection received supervised treatment concomitantly with 25 mg/kg chloroquine and 0.25 mg/kg/day primaquine for 14 days. Incidence of recurrence was assessed over 180 days. Samples were genotyped, and origins of recurrences were established. A total of 134 participants were enrolled between February 2012 and July 2013, and 87 were followed for 180 days, during which 29 recurrences were detected. The cumulative incidence of first recurrence was 24.1% (21/87) (95% confidence interval [CI], 14.6 to 33.7%), and 86% (18/21) of these events occurred between days 51 and 110. High genetic diversity of P. vivax strains was found, and 12.5% (16/128) of the infections were polyclonal. Among detected recurrences, 93.1% (27/29) of strains were genotyped as genetically identical to the strain from the previous infection episode, and 65.5% (19/29) of infections were classified as relapses. Our results indicate that there is a high incidence of P. vivax malaria recurrence after treatment in Turbo municipality, Colombia, and that a large majority of these episodes are likely relapses from the previous infection. We attribute this to the primaquine regimen currently used in Colombia, which may be insufficient to eliminate hypnozoites.	0
Abstract2class: Tn21-specific structures in gram-negative bacteria from clinical isolates Abstract: A total of 807 gram-negative clinical isolates were treated with five different probes: intragenic segments for the transposase gene tnpA; the resolvase gene tnpR; the modulator of the resolvase, tnpM; the integraselike factor gene tnpI; and a 20-mer oligonucleotide for the recombinational site of action for the integrase. A total of 8% of the isolates hybridized with all five Tn21-related probes, and another 11% represented transposons in which one or more of the tested genes were missing. This 11% included groups whose descriptions have been published as well as groups that have not yet been described. The not-yet-described groups include various deletion products and some precursor structures, as is predicted for the evolution of Tn21-like transposons. The integration system appears to be coupled with Tn21-like structures and yet independent from these structures, implying an independent evolution of this system from Tn21-like transposons. The structures were found with similar incidence levels in all species tested except Pseudomonas aeruginosa, for which a novel separate family of class II transposons has been described before.	0
Abstract2class: Genes involved in the regulation of beta-lactamase production in enterococci and staphylococci Abstract: In enterococci, the structural gene for beta-lactamase (blaZ) is identical to blaZ from Staphylococcus aureus. However, in the enterococci studied to date, beta-lactamase is produced constitutively, whereas in staphylococci it is often inducible. Recent reports have revealed the presence of two adjacent genes upstream of the staphylococcal blaZ thought to be the antirepressor (blaR1) and repressor (blaI) genes. In the present study, beta-lactamase expression mutants of the staphylococcal beta-lactamase plasmid pI524 were generated by transposon mutagenesis with the transposon Tn917. Tn917 insertions upstream of blaZ in either blaR1 or blaI resulted in constitutive beta-lactamase production, indicating that the repressor function is lost with insertion of Tn917 into either gene. This finding supports the concept that the staphylococcal beta-lactamase regulatory genes are encoded on a polycistronic mRNA. The corresponding region upstream of the enterococcal blaZ from Enterococcus faecalis HH22 was sequenced and compared with the staphylococcal blaR1 sequence. The two sequences were identical for 893 nucleotides, and then the sequences diverged completely. Therefore, in strain HH22, only 51% of the putative antirepressor gene is present and the repressor gene is also absent. In conclusion, constitutive beta-lactamase production in HH22 appears to be due to a lack of the regulatory genes blaR1 and blaI which regulate expression of blaZ in staphylococci.	0
Abstract2class: Restriction mapping and hybridization studies of a beta-lactamase-encoding fragment from Streptococcus (Enterococcus) faecalis Abstract: A restriction map of a 5.1-kilobase EcoRI fragment encoding an enterococcal beta-lactamase was prepared and compared with the restriction map of a cloned staphylococcal beta-lactamase gene and with the published maps of several other staphylococcal beta-lactamase genes. Comparison and hybridization studies showed that there were identical restriction sites in the region of the bla structural gene but not in the region surrounding this gene.	0
Abstract2class: Evidence for a staphylococcal-like mercury resistance gene in Enterococcus faecalis Abstract: We investigated mercury resistance (Hgr) in 52 clinical isolates of Enterococcus faecalis from two different geographical regions. Eleven of the 52 strains were resistant to HgCl2, and plasmids from these enterococci hybridized with a staphylococcal mercury resistance gene probe. Hgr from 5 of the 11 transferred at frequencies ranging from approximately 2 X 10(-7) to 2 X 10(-3).	0
Abstract2class: Nucleotide sequence of the beta-lactamase gene from Enterococcus faecalis HH22 and its similarity to staphylococcal beta-lactamase genes Abstract: The nucleotide sequence of the constitutively produced beta-lactamase (Bla) gene from Enterococcus faecalis HH22 was shown to be identical to the published sequences of three of four staphylococcal type A beta-lactamase genes; more differences were seen with the genes for staphylococcal type C and D enzymes. One hundred forty nucleotides upstream of the beta-lactamase start codon were determined for an inducible staphylococcal beta-lactamase and were identical to those of the constitutively expressed enterococcal gene, indicating that the changes resulting in constitutive expression are not due to changes in the promoter or operator region. Moreover, complementation studies indicated that production of the enterococcal enzyme could be repressed. The genes for the enterococcal Bla and an inducible staphylococcal Bla were each cloned into a shuttle vector and transformed into enterococcal and staphylococcal recipients. The major difference between the backgrounds of the two hosts was that more enzyme was produced by the staphylococcal host, regardless of the source of the gene. The location of the enzyme was found to be host dependent, since each cloned gene generated extracellular (free) enzyme in the staphylococcus and cell-bound enzyme in the enterococcus. On the basis of the identities of the enterococcal Bla and several staphylococcal Bla sequences, these data suggest the recent spread of beta-lactamase to enterococci and also suggest the loss of a functional repressor.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular characterization of carbapenemase-producing Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae in the countries of the Gulf cooperation council: dominance of OXA-48 and NDM producers Abstract: The molecular epidemiology and mechanisms of resistance of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE) were determined in hospitals in the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), namely, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, and Kuwait. Isolates were subjected to PCR-based detection of antibiotic-resistant genes and repetitive sequence-based PCR (rep-PCR) assessments of clonality. Sixty-two isolates which screened positive for potential carbapenemase production were assessed, and 45 were found to produce carbapenemase. The most common carbapenemases were of the OXA-48 (35 isolates) and NDM (16 isolates) types; 6 isolates were found to coproduce the OXA-48 and NDM types. No KPC-type, VIM-type, or IMP-type producers were detected. Multiple clones were detected with seven clusters of clonally related Klebsiella pneumoniae. Awareness of CRE in GCC countries has important implications for controlling the spread of CRE in the Middle East and in hospitals accommodating patients transferred from the region.	0
Abstract2class: A novel New Delhi metallo-β-lactamase variant, NDM-14, isolated in a Chinese Hospital possesses increased enzymatic activity against carbapenems Abstract: A novel New Delhi metallo-β-lactamase (NDM) variant, NDM-14, was identified in clinical isolate Acinetobacter lwoffii JN49-1, which was recovered from an intensive care unit patient at a local hospital in China. NDM-14, which differs from other existing enzymes by an amino acid substitution at position 130 (Asp130Gly), possesses enzymatic activity toward carbapenems that is greater than that of NDM-1. Kinetic data indicate that NDM-14 has a higher affinity for imipenem and meropenem.	0
Abstract2class: 2',3'-dideoxy-beta-L-5-fluorocytidine inhibits duck hepatitis B virus reverse transcription and suppresses viral DNA synthesis in hepatocytes, both in vitro and in vivo Abstract: beta-L-Nucleoside analogs represent a new class of potent antiviral agents with low cytotoxicity which provide new hope in the therapy of chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infections. We evaluated the anti-HBV activity of 2',3'-dideoxy-beta-L-5-fluorocytidine (beta-L-F-ddC), a beta-L-nucleoside analog derived from 2',3'-dideoxycytidine (ddC), in the duck HBV (DHBV) model. This compound was previously shown to inhibit HBV DNA synthesis in a stably transfected hepatoma cell line (F2215). Using a cell-free system for the expression of an enzymatically active DHBV polymerase, we could demonstrate that the triphosphate form of beta-L-F-ddC does inhibit hepadnavirus reverse transcription. In primary duck hepatocyte culture, beta-L-F-ddC showed a potent inhibitory effect on DHBV DNA synthesis which was concentration dependent. Although beta-L-F-ddC was shown to be less active than ddC against the DHBV reverse transcriptase in vitro, beta-L-F-ddC was a stronger inhibitor in hepatocytes. The oral administration of beta-L-F-ddC in experimentally infected ducklings showed that beta-L-F-ddC is a potent inhibitor of viral replication in vivo. Short-term therapy could not prevent a rebound of viral replication after the drug was withdrawn. Preventive therapy with beta-L-F-ddC could delay the onset of viremia by only 1 day compared with the time to the onset of viremia in the control group. The in vivo inhibitory effect of beta-L-F-ddC was much stronger than that of ddC and was not associated with signs of toxicity. Our data show that beta-L-F-ddC inhibits hepadnavirus reverse transcription and is a strong inhibitor of viral replication both in vitro and in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: Deletions in Klebsiella pneumoniae R plasmids induced by growth in the presence of acridine orange at high temperature Abstract: The generation in vivo of plasmids deleted at specific sites in strains of Klebsiella pneumoniae containing R plasmids, by treatment with high concentrations of acridine orange (1.2 mg/ml) at 42 degrees C are reported. These deletions seem to be site specific because loss of specific restriction fragments after digestion with restriction enzymes was demonstrated.	0
Abstract2class: Clinical response and tolerability to and safety of saquinavir with low-dose ritonavir in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-infected mothers and their infants Abstract: Saquinavir boosted with low-dose ritonavir given with zidovudine and lamivudine was well tolerated by pregnant women and their infants. All mothers had <400 human immunodeficiency virus type 1 RNA copies/ml at delivery. Two had elevated liver transaminases and amylase. Seven infant adverse events were possibly treatment related (anemia, neutropenia, and hyperbilirubinemia).	0
Abstract2class: Antibiotic streptolydigin requires noncatalytic Mg2+ for binding to RNA polymerase Abstract: Multisubunit RNA polymerase, an enzyme that accomplishes transcription in all living organisms, is a potent target for antibiotics. The antibiotic streptolydigin inhibits RNA polymerase by sequestering the active center in a catalytically inactive conformation. Here, we show that binding of streptolydigin to RNA polymerase strictly depends on a noncatalytic magnesium ion which is likely chelated by the aspartate of the bridge helix of the active center. Substitutions of this aspartate may explain different sensitivities of bacterial RNA polymerases to streptolydigin. These results provide the first evidence for the role of noncatalytic magnesium ions in the functioning of RNA polymerase and suggest new routes for the modification of existing and the design of new inhibitors of transcription.	0
Abstract2class: Combination of antimicrobial and endotoxin-neutralizing activities of novel oleoylamines Abstract: A combination of antimicrobial and endotoxin-neutralizing activities is desired in order to prevent progression from infection to sepsis due to the release of lipopolysaccharide from dying gram-negative bacteria. Lipopolyamines have emerged as a new type of endotoxin-neutralizing compound, but their antimicrobial activity has not been investigated. We synthesized a series of 10 oleoylamines differing in the polyamino head group, particularly in the number and separation between nitrogen atoms and the position of the oleoyl moiety. Compounds showed activity against both gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria in the micromolar range. Compounds were able to provide penetration of ethidium bromide into bacteria, indicating effects on the bacterial membrane. Oleoylamines neutralized endotoxin in Limulus amoebocyte lysate assays and by neutralization of tumor necrosis factor alpha release in human blood. Comparison of biological activities of compounds identified structural properties responsible for antimicrobial activity, and quantitative structure-property relationship analysis provided a quantitative model for prediction of activity of oleoylamines.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of pyruvate kinase in methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus as a novel antimicrobial drug target Abstract: Novel classes of antimicrobials are needed to address the challenge of multidrug-resistant bacteria such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Using the architecture of the MRSA interactome, we identified pyruvate kinase (PK) as a potential novel drug target based upon it being a highly connected, essential hub in the MRSA interactome. Structural modeling, including X-ray crystallography, revealed discrete features of PK in MRSA, which appeared suitable for the selective targeting of the bacterial enzyme. In silico library screening combined with functional enzymatic assays identified an acyl hydrazone-based compound (IS-130) as a potent MRSA PK inhibitor (50% inhibitory concentration [IC50] of 0.1 μM) with >1,000-fold selectivity over human PK isoforms. Medicinal chemistry around the IS-130 scaffold identified analogs that more potently and selectively inhibited MRSA PK enzymatic activity and S. aureus growth in vitro (MIC of 1 to 5 μg/ml). These novel anti-PK compounds were found to possess antistaphylococcal activity, including both MRSA and multidrug-resistant S. aureus (MDRSA) strains. These compounds also exhibited exceptional antibacterial activities against other Gram-positive genera, including enterococci and streptococci. PK lead compounds were found to be noncompetitive inhibitors and were bactericidal. In addition, mutants with significant increases in MICs were not isolated after 25 bacterial passages in culture, indicating that resistance may be slow to emerge. These findings validate the principles of network science as a powerful approach to identify novel antibacterial drug targets. They also provide a proof of principle, based upon PK in MRSA, for a research platform aimed at discovering and optimizing selective inhibitors of novel bacterial targets where human orthologs exist, as leads for anti-infective drug development.	0
Abstract2class: Nonprescription Antimicrobial Use in a Primary Care Population in the United States Abstract: Community antimicrobial resistance rates are high in communities with frequent use of nonprescription antibiotics. Studies addressing nonprescription antibiotic use in the United States have been restricted to Latin American immigrants. We estimated the prevalence of nonprescription antibiotic use in the previous 12 months as well as intended use (intention to use antibiotics without a prescription) and storage of antibiotics and examined patient characteristics associated with nonprescription use in a random sample of adults. We selected private and public primary care clinics that serve ethnically and socioeconomically diverse patients. Within the clinics, we used race/ethnicity-stratified systematic random sampling to choose a random sample of primary care patients. We used a self-administered standardized questionnaire on antibiotic use. Multivariate regression analysis was used to identify independent predictors of nonprescription use. The response rate was 94%. Of 400 respondents, 20 (5%) reported nonprescription use of systemic antibiotics in the last 12 months, 102 (25.4%) reported intended use, and 57 (14.2%) stored antibiotics at home. These rates were similar across race/ethnicity groups. Sources of antibiotics used without prescriptions or stored for future use were stores or pharmacies in the United States, "leftover" antibiotics from previous prescriptions, antibiotics obtained abroad, or antibiotics obtained from a relative or friend. Respiratory symptoms were common reasons for the use of nonprescription antibiotics. In multivariate analyses, public clinic patients, those with less education, and younger patients were more likely to endorse intended use. The problem of nonprescription use is not confined to Latino communities. Community antimicrobial stewardship must include a focus on nonprescription antibiotics.	0
Abstract2class: Complete sequence of pJIE186-2, a plasmid carrying multiple virulence factors from a sequence type 131 Escherichia coli O25 strain Abstract: The complete sequence of a 137-kb plasmid, pJIE186-2, from a sequence type 131 (ST131) Escherichia coli strain was determined. pJIE186-2 contained IncF replicons (FIB, FIIA, and FIAΔ), an incomplete conjugative region, and multiple virulence factors (sitABCD, iucABCD-iutA, iroCDEN, etsABC, hlyF, iss, ompT, and vagCD) but no antimicrobial resistance genes. The host strain also had another plasmid, pJIE186-1, carrying multiple resistance genes. The two plasmids conferred selective advantages for the host strain, contributing to the recent emergence of ST131 E. coli.	0
Abstract2class: ISEcp1-mediated transposition and homologous recombination can explain the context of bla(CTX-M-62) linked to qnrB2 Abstract: bla(CTX-M-62), a C508T variant of bla(CTX-M-3b), was transferred from Klebsiella pneumoniae JIE137 on a conjugative plasmid together with a class 1 integron containing the dfrA12-gcuF-aadA2 cassette array, ISCR1, and qnrB2. bla(CTX-M-62) lies between intact and rearranged copies of ISEcp1 in a configuration that can be explained by a combination of transposition and homologous recombination and which also illustrates the ability of ISEcp1 to mobilize an adjacent gene as part of transposition units of different sizes.	0
Abstract2class: A blaVEB-1 variant, blaVEB-6, associated with repeated elements in a complex genetic structure Abstract: bla(VEB-6) was found on the Proteus mirabilis chromosome in a context similar to those of bla(VEB-1a) and bla(VEB-1b), in a truncated gene cassette flanked by 135-bp elements and duplications of the 3'-conserved segment of class 1 integrons. A linked aacA4-aadB-dfrA1-orfC cassette array includes components of Tn1331, illustrating the complex mosaicism of multiresistance regions.	0
Abstract2class: Dominance of blaCTX-M within an Australian extended-spectrum beta-lactamase gene pool Abstract: bla(CTX-M) genes, particularly bla(CTX-M-15), are the dominant extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL) genes among clinical isolates of Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae in Sydney, Australia, where we also found one example of bla(CTX-M-62), encoding a novel enzyme conferring ceftazidime resistance. ESBL genes were present in diverse community isolates and in a variety of associated conjugative plasmids.	0
Abstract2class: Randomized Noninferiority Trial of Dihydroartemisinin-Piperaquine Compared with Sulfadoxine-Pyrimethamine plus Amodiaquine for Seasonal Malaria Chemoprevention in Burkina Faso Abstract: The WHO recommends that children living in areas of highly seasonal malaria transmission in the Sahel subregion should receive seasonal malaria chemoprevention (SMC) with sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine plus amodiaquine (SPAQ). We evaluated the use of dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DHAPQ) as an alternative drug that could be used if SPAQ starts to lose efficacy. A total of 1,499 children 3 to 59 months old were randomized to receive SMC with SPAQ or DHAPQ over 3 months. The primary outcome measure was the risk of clinical malaria (fever or a history of fever with a parasite density of at least 3,000/μl). A cohort of 250 children outside the trial was followed up as a control group. Molecular markers of drug resistance were assessed. The risk of a malaria attack was 0.19 in the DHAPQ group and 0.15 in the SPAQ group, an odds ratio of 1.33 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02 to 1.72). Efficacy of SMC compared to the control group was 77% (67% to 84%) for DHAPQ and 83% (74% to 89%) for SPAQ. pfdhfr and pfdhps mutations associated with antifolate resistance were more prevalent in parasites from children who received SPAQ than in children who received DHAPQ. Both regimens were highly efficacious and well tolerated. DHAPQ is a potential alternative drug for SMC. (This trial is registered at ClinicalTrials.gov under registration no. NCT00941785.).	0
Abstract2class: Molecular epidemiology of macrolide and tetracycline resistances in commensal Gemella sp. isolates Abstract: The epidemiologic relatedness of 29 erythromycin-resistant Gemella sp. strains from normal flora, characterized previously, were evaluated by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE). Three isolates carried the tet(O) gene and the tet(M) gene. The msr(A) gene was found in two Gemella morbillorum strains in combination with the erm(B) or mef(E) gene. The sequences of the mef(A/E), erm(B), and msr(A) genes showed a high similarity to the corresponding sequences of other gram-positive cocci. All the strains harboring the mef(A/E) gene and the msr(D) gene possessed open reading frame 3 (ORF3)/ORF6. The 16 G. morbillorum isolates represented 15 distinct DNA profiles. Four clusters were identified (>or=80% genetic relatedness). The 12 Gemella haemolysans strains belonged to different PFGE types. The clonal diversity found suggests that horizontal transfer may be the main route through which erythromycin resistance is acquired.	0
Abstract2class: Naphthyridinomycin, a DNA-reactive antibiotic Abstract: Naphthyridinomycin is a novel quinone antibiotic that is produced in liquid shake cultures by Streptomyces lusitanus. Fermentation studies have shown that this antibiotic is produced maximally after 96 h of cell growth. L-[methyl-3H]methionine efficiently labels naphthyridinomycin when it is added to a fermentation mixture 24 h before culture is harvested. Unlabeled and radioactively labeled naphthyridinomycin were used to determine the mechanism of action of this unique antibiotic. Naphthyridinomycin inhibited bacterial growth primarily by inhibiting DNA synthesis. The structural similarity between naphthyridinomycin and the saframycins suggested that naphthyridinomycin might inhibit DNA synthesis by binding to the template. In vitro studies with radiolabeled naphthyridinomycin indicated that this antibiotic does specifically bind to calf thymus DNA. The binding reaction was enhanced by adding sulfhydryl-containing compounds; dithiothreitol was the best activating agent. DNA-naphthyridinomycin complexes were a poor substrate for enzymes that catalyze DNA-directed DNA and RNA syntheses. These results showed that naphthyridinomycin is similar to the saframycins in its reactivity toward DNA and suggested that the mechanism by which naphthyridinomycin inhibits DNA synthesis is through its ability to bind specifically to the DNA template of the cell.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthetic studies on antibiotic A47934 Abstract: A47934, a peptide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces toyocaensis, belongs to the glycopeptide class of compounds which includes ristocetin and vancomycin. Incorporation studies with radioisotope-labeled substrates indicated that tyrosine, p-hydroxyphenylglycine, p-hydroxyphenylglyoxylate, acetate, and sulfate were efficiently incorporated into A47934. This is consistent with the reported biosynthesis of other glycopeptide antibiotics. Prototrophic mutants blocked in antibiotic biosynthesis were isolated at a low frequency (0.4%) after mutagenesis. Secretor-convertor pairings of the 36 mutants obtained demonstrated that they belonged to three classes: two groups of secretor-convertor pairs and a larger group of mutants that did not make antibiotic under any condition tested. Neither the secretor-convertor studies not supplementation of the cultures with putative biosynthetic intermediates was useful in identifying the location of the biosynthetic blocks. All studies to determine the timing of the sulfate addition step in the biosynthesis indicated that the sulfate is added prior to the formation of intermediates that possess antimicrobial activity.	0
Abstract2class: Pharmacokinetics of sparfloxacin and interaction with cisapride and sucralfate Abstract: In an open, randomized, triple crossover study, the effects of cisapride and sucralfate on the pharmacokinetics of sparfloxacin were assessed. Fifteen healthy volunteers received 400 mg of sparfloxacin as a single oral dose on day 0. In a random order, concomitant doses of 10 mg of cisapride three times daily from day -2 to day 2 and 1 g of sucralfate four times daily from day -2 to day 0 were administered. Sparfloxacin concentrations were measured by bioassay and high-performance liquid chromatography. Pharmacokinetic parameters for sparfloxacin alone were as follows (mean +/- standard deviation): maximum concentration of drug in serum (C(max)), 1.27 +/- 0.39 microg/ml; time to C(max) (T(max)), 4.1 +/- 1.9 h; area under the concentration-time curve (AUC), 35.0 +/- 9.7 microg x h/ml; mean residence time, 28.5 +/- 5.7 h; half-life (t1/2), 20 +/- 4 h; urinary recovery (UR x f), 11.0% +/- 2.7%; and metabolite-sparfloxacin ratio in urine, 2.6. For the cisapride group there was a significant decrease in the sparfloxacin T(max) (1.9 +/- 2.1 h) and a significant increase in C(max) (1.74 +/- 0.73 microg/ml). The QTc interval for patients receiving sparfloxacin and cisapride was prolonged by 7.7% compared to the QTc interval during medication-free periods. Significant differences in the values for the group receiving sucralfate compared to the values for the group receiving sparfloxacin alone were found: C(max), 0.77 +/- 0.31 microg/ml; AUC, 18.6 +/- 5.8 microg x h/ml; t1/2, 26 +/- 10 h; and UR x f, 5.8 +/- 1.8%. Concomitant adminstration of cisapride accelerates the absorption and increases the peak concentration of sparfloxacin without having a significant effect on the extent of bioavailability. Coadministration of sucralfate leads to a 44% decrease in the bioavailability of sparfloxacin.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of rifamycin SV and rifampin kinetics in lactating ewes Abstract: Serum and milk concentrations of rifamycin SV and rifampin were determined in lactating ewes after a single intravenous injection, and pharmacokinetic parameters were evaluated by the two-compartment open-system model. Rifampin was distributed throughout a greater volume than rifamycin SV and was eliminated more slowly from the body. The concentrations of the two drugs, both lipophilic weak acids, in milk after intravenous or intramuscular injection were lower than in serum, but rifampin was detected in milk sooner and for longer periods than rifamycin SV. Under constant serum drug concentrations, the observed milk/serum ultrafiltrate concentrations ratios (0.19 to 0.29 for rifamycin SV, and 0.90 to 1.28 for rifampin) were close to the calculated ratios derived from the pH-pK passive diffusion concept.	0
Abstract2class: Distribution and blood-to-milk transfer of labeled antibiotics Abstract: RADIOACTIVITY DISTRIBUTION WAS DETERMINED IN SERUM AND MILK OF LACTATING EWES AFTER PARENTERAL ADMINISTRATION OF FIVE LABELED ANTIBIOTICS: (14)C-benzylpenicillin G, (3)H-dihydrostreptomycin, (3)H-tetracycline, (14)C-chloramphenicol, and (14)C-spiramycin. Antibiotic levels were measured simultaneously by microbiological assay. Radiochemical and microbiological assay procedures presented similar kinetic patterns for uptake in serum and penetration into milk, except for tetracycline. Small reductions in milk pH markedly increased the excretion of spiramycin and slightly influenced the milk passage of penicillin, dihydrostreptomycin, and tetracycline but did not alter the transfer of chloramphenicol into milk. Thus, it appears that the five antibiotics penetrate milk in accordance with the nonionic passive diffusion principle, and that good agreement is achieved between the calculated and observed milk/serum ultrafiltrate concentration ratios obtained during equilibrium.	0
Abstract2class: Binding of antibiotics to bovine and ovine serum Abstract: The degree of binding of 37 antibiotics to bovine and ovine serum, after treatment at therapeutic doses, was determined by equilibrium dialysis and ultrafiltration methods. In general, binding values obtained by the two methods were comparable. The extent of binding varied from 0% for cephaloridine and kanamycin to >95% for novobiocin and fusidic acid. Of the 37 drugs studied, one-fourth were less than 25% bound, one-fourth were more than 75% bound, and the percentage binding of about half of the antibiotics ranged from 25 to 75%. Animal to animal variations in the extent of binding of a particular antibiotic were very small. The capacity of bovine or ovine serum to bind antibiotics was, with a few exceptions, similar to the reported capacity of human serum. At drug concentration ranges usually achieved during therapy, variations in drug levels in serum did not influence the degree of binding except with cephalexin, lincomycin, clindamycin, and chloramphenicol. With these antibiotics, the extent of binding increased two- to sevenfold with the decrease in drug concentration in serum.	0
Abstract2class: Activity of four cephalosporin antibiotics in vitro against bovine udder pathogens and pathogenic bacteria isolated from newborn calves Abstract: The in vitro activity of chephaloridine, cephalexin, cefatrizine (BL-S640), and cephapirin (BL-P-1322) was evaluated by the serial dilution method against pathogenic gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria isolated from bovine udders and neonatal calf diseases. Cephapirin showed the comparatively greatest activity against the most common streptococcal species associated with bovine mastitis, whereas cephaloridine exhibited the best activity against Staphylococcus aureus. Cefatrizine was more active than the other cephalosporins against the gram-negative bacteria studied. In general, the minimal bactericidal concentration of each cephalosporin was two- to fourfold lower than the comparative value reported in the literature against the same type of pathogen of human origin.	0
Abstract2class: CMY-31 and CMY-36 cephalosporinases encoded by ColE1-like plasmids Abstract: Two CMY-2 derivatives, CMY-31 (Gln(215)-->Arg) from Salmonella enterica serotype Newport and CMY-36 (Ala(77)-->Cys and Gln(193)-->Glu) from Klebsiella pneumoniae, were characterized. Both cephalosporinases functionally resembled CMY-2. bla(CMY) alleles occurred as parts of a putative transposon comprising ISEcp1B and a Citrobacter freundii-derived sequence carried by ColE1-like plasmids similar to CMY-5-encoding pTKH11 from Klebsiella oxytoca.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative activities of ciprofloxacin and levofloxacin against Streptococcus pneumoniae in an In vitro dynamic model Abstract: The activities of levofloxacin (500 mg every 24 h) and ciprofloxacin (750 mg every 12 h) against six pneumococcal isolates in an in vitro dynamic model were compared. For one strain, levofloxacin reduced the inoculum by over 4 log CFU/ml and ciprofloxacin reduced the inoculum by over 2 log CFU/ml. For four isolates, both drugs reduced inocula by 4 log CFU/ml within 6 h, suggesting that this dose of ciprofloxacin should be as effective as levofloxacin against these pneumococci.	0
Abstract2class: Activity of trovafloxacin (with or without ampicillin-sulbactam) against enterococci in an in vitro dynamic model of infection Abstract: Antibiotic-resistant enterococci are being increasingly identified as causal agents of infection. Trovafloxacin is a new fluoronaphthyridone with enhanced activity against gram-positive cocci and variable activity reported against Enterococcus spp. Twenty-one strains of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium and two strains of Enterococcus faecalis (one vancomycin resistant) were studied at an initial inoculum of 10(6) CFU/ml in time-kill assays with trovafloxacin (3 mg/liter), ampicillin-sulbactam (100/50 mg/liter), and the combination. Six strains of E. faecium (five vancomycin resistant) also were studied in an in vitro two-compartment dynamic model that mimics human pharmacokinetics with trovafloxacin simulated at 300 mg every 12 h (q12h), ampicillin-sulbactam at 2/1 g q6h, and the combination. Peripheral compartments were sampled q2h for 30 h for bacterial counts. Trovafloxacin MICs ranged from 0.5 to 32 mg/liter, and the nine strains of vancomycin-resistant E. faecium for which MICs were < or =2 mg/liter were more likely to show a reduction of 2 log units or more in viable counts in time-kill assays than were strains for which MICs were higher. Synergism with ampicillin-sulbactam was found for only one strain (trovafloxacin MIC, 16 mg/liter). Similar results were obtained in the pharmacokinetic model, with 2- to 4-log-unit reductions in viable bacteria for trovafloxacin-susceptible strains. Although no convincing evidence of synergism was found, ampicillin-sulbactam in combination minimized late bacterial regrowth of two trovafloxacin-susceptible strains. These data suggest that this high dose of trovafloxacin (with or without ampicillin-sulbactam) might be useful against strains of vancomycin-resistant E. faecium for which MICs were < or =2 mg/liter.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of mixing on rifampin bactericidal activity against staphylococci Abstract: Minimal bactericidal concentrations of rifampin were significantly increased, and serum bactericidal activity from volunteers receiving this drug was significantly decreased by vigorous mixing of microtiter plates before sampling when tested against Staphylococcus aureus and Staphylococcus epidermidis at 10(5) and 10(6) colony-forming units per ml. These results suggest that microtiter estimates of the bactericidal activity of rifampin against staphylococci should be performed after vigorous shaking.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro and in vivo studies of three antibiotic combinations against gram-negative bacteria and Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: The activities of azlocillin, cefotaxime, and amikacin alone and in combination were evaluated in in vitro checkerboard studies, in infected neutropenic mice, and in human volunteers. The combination of cefotaxime plus amikacin was more synergistic in vitro than the others against the Enterobacteriaceae tested, and the combination of azlocillin plus amikacin was more synergistic against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. Survival of neutropenic mice infected with Escherichia coli and Klebsiella pneumoniae, respectively, was greater with azlocillin plus amikacin (24 of 40 and 11 of 40) and with cefotaxime plus amikacin (21 of 40 and 17 of 40) than with azlocillin plus cefotaxime (22 of 40 and 3 of 40; P less than 0.05). Median serum bactericidal activity in volunteers receiving these antibiotics alone and in combination was greater than or equal to 1:8 with most agents and with all combinations tested against 10 strains each of E. coli, K. pneumoniae, P. aeruginosa, and S. aureus. These data suggest that clinical trials with combinations of azlocillin or cefotaxime plus amikacin deserve further study in febrile neutropenic patients.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of clindamycin on the in vitro activity of amikacin and gentamicin against gram-negative bacilli Abstract: The in vitro effect of clindamycin on the inhibitory and bactericidal activity of amikacin (BB-K8) and gentamicin against Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa was examined by the checkerboard technique in microtiter plates. Clindamycin (15 mug/ml) produced statistically significant increases in the minimal bactericidal concentrations of amikacin and gentamicin against E. coli and Klebsiellae at 2 and 4 h of incubation. The minimal bactericidal concentration against P. aeruginosa was not affected. Higher concentrations of clindamycin (20 to 25 mug/ml) reduced the minimal inhibitory and bactericidal concentrations of amikacin and gentamicin for E. coli at 18 h of incubation. The synergistic bactericidal activity of amikacin and carbenicillin against E. coli, but not P. aeruginosa, was also inhibited slightly by clindamycin (15 mug/ml). The clinical implications of this inhibition of the early bactericidal in vitro activity of aminoglycosides by clindamycin remain to be determined. Although these in vitro results have not been studied in clinical infections, it is conceivable that slight interference in early bacterial killing could alter the outcome of infection in the immunosuppressed patient.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of potential drug targets farnesyl diphosphate synthase and geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase in Schistosoma mansoni Abstract: Schistosomiasis affects over 200 million people worldwide, with over 200,000 deaths annually. Currently, praziquantel is the only drug available against schistosomiasis. We report here that Schistosoma mansoni farnesyl diphosphate synthase (SmFPPS) and geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase (SmGGPPS) are potential drug targets for the treatment of schistosomiasis. We expressed active, recombinant SmFPPS and SmGGPPS for subsequent kinetic characterization and testing against a variety of bisphosphonate inhibitors. Recombinant SmFPPS was found to be a soluble 44.2-kDa protein, while SmGGPPS was a soluble 38.3-kDa protein. Characterization of the substrate utilization of the two enzymes indicates that they have overlapping substrate specificities. Against SmFPPS, several bisphosphonates had 50% inhibitory concentrations (IC50s) in the low micromolar to nanomolar range; these inhibitors had significantly less activity against SmGGPPS. Several lipophilic bisphosphonates were active against ex vivo adult worms, with worm death occurring over 4 to 6 days. These results indicate that FPPS and GGPPS could be of interest in the context of the emerging resistance to praziquantel in schistosomiasis therapy.	0
Abstract2class: The papain inhibitor (SPI) of Streptomyces mobaraensis inhibits bacterial cysteine proteases and is an antagonist of bacterial growth Abstract: A novel papain inhibitory protein (SPI) from Streptomyces mobaraensis was studied to measure its inhibitory effect on bacterial cysteine protease activity (Staphylococcus aureus SspB) and culture supernatants (Porphyromonas gingivalis, Bacillus anthracis). Further, growth of Bacillus anthracis, Staphylococcus aureus, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Vibrio cholerae was completely inhibited by 10 μM SPI. At this concentration of SPI, no cytotoxicity was observed. We conclude that SPI inhibits bacterial virulence factors and has the potential to become a novel therapeutic treatment against a range of unrelated pathogenic bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a Carbapenem-Hydrolyzing Enzyme, PoxB, in Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 Abstract: Pseudomonas aeruginosa is an opportunistic pathogen often associated with severe and life-threatening infections that are highly impervious to treatment. This microbe readily exhibits intrinsic and acquired resistance to varied antimicrobial drugs. Resistance to penicillin-like compounds is commonplace and provided by the chromosomal AmpC β-lactamase. A second, chromosomally encoded β-lactamase, PoxB, has previously been reported in P. aeruginosa. In the present work, the contribution of this class D enzyme was investigated using a series of clean in-frame ampC, poxB, and oprD deletions, as well as complementation by expression under the control of an inducible promoter. While poxB deletions failed to alter β-lactam sensitivities, expression of poxB in ampC-deficient backgrounds decreased susceptibility to both meropenem and doripenem but had no effect on imipenem, penicillin, and cephalosporin MICs. However, when expressed in an ampCpoxB-deficient background, that additionally lacked the outer membrane porin-encoding gene oprD, PoxB significantly increased the imipenem as well as the meropenem and doripenem MICs. Like other class D carbapenem-hydrolyzing β-lactamases, PoxB was only poorly inhibited by class A enzyme inhibitors, but a novel non-β-lactam compound, avibactam, was a slightly better inhibitor of PoxB activity. In vitro susceptibility testing with a clinical concentration of avibactam, however, failed to reduce PoxB activity against the carbapenems. In addition, poxB was found to be cotranscribed with an upstream open reading frame, poxA, which itself was shown to encode a 32-kDa protein of yet unknown function.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro synergistic activity of ethambutol, isoniazid, kanamycin, rifampin, and streptomycin against Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare complex Abstract: Strains of Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare complex often exhibit in vitro resistance to common antimycobacterial agents. Combinations of etambutol, isoniazid, kanamycin, rifampin, and streptomycin were tested to determine if synergism occurred. Ninety-six percent of the strains were susceptible to a combination of ethambutol and rifampin at concentrations attainable clinically. Other combinations of antimycobacterial agents inhibited 4 to 82% of the isolates tested.	0
Abstract2class: Antiplasmodial activity and mechanism of action of RSM-932A, a promising synergistic inhibitor of Plasmodium falciparum choline kinase Abstract: We have investigated the mechanism of action of inhibition of the choline kinase of P. falciparum (p.f.-ChoK) by two inhibitors of the human ChoKα, MN58b and RSM-932A, which have previously been shown to be potent antitumoral agents. The efficacy of these inhibitors against p.f.-ChoK is investigated using enzymatic and in vitro assays. While MN58b may enter the choline/phosphocholine binding site, RSM-932A appears to have an altogether novel mechanism of inhibition and is synergistic with respect to both choline and ATP. A model of inhibition for RSM-932A in which this inhibitor traps p.f.-ChoK in a phosphorylated intermediate state blocking phosphate transfer to choline is presented. Importantly, MN58b and RSM-932A have in vitro inhibitory activity in the low nanomolar range and are equally effective against chloroquine-sensitive and chloroquine-resistant strains. RSM-932A and MN58b significantly reduced parasitemia and induced the accumulation of trophozoites and schizonts, blocking intraerythrocytic development and interfering with parasite egress or invasion, suggesting a delay of the parasite maturation stage. The present data provide two new potent structures for the development of antimalarial compounds and validate p.f.-ChoK as an accessible drug target against the parasite.	0
Abstract2class: Relative morphological effects induced by cefoxitin and other beta-lactam antibiotics in vitro Abstract: Cefoxitin, a new semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic, induced filament formation at subinhibitory concentrations with a beta-lactamaseless strain of Enterobacter cloacae (HSC 18410 M66). The extent of filament induction by cefoxitin was similar to that seen with cephalothin, cefazolin, and benzylpenicillin. Filament induction by cefoxitin was markedly less than that seen with cephalexin, carbenicillin, ticarcillin, cephradine, and cephapirin. Antibiotics which failed to induce filaments at any level tested included cephaloridine, cephacetrile, cephalosporin C, the cephamycins, 6-aminopenicillanic acid, 7-aminocephalosporanic acid, A16884, A16886, and FL-1060. Those antimicrobial agents tested which lacked an aromatic substituent in the 7-position (for cephems) or in the 6-position (for penams) did not induce filaments. These observations suggest a possible relationship between filament induction of the test organism and the molecular nature of constituents in the 7- or 6-position of beta-lactams.	0
Abstract2class: Ethambutol Partitioning in Tuberculous Pulmonary Lesions Explains Its Clinical Efficacy Abstract: Clinical trials and practice have shown that ethambutol is an important component of the first-line tuberculosis (TB) regime. This contrasts the drug's rather modest potency and lack of activity against nongrowing persister mycobacteria. The standard plasma-based pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic profile of ethambutol suggests that the drug may be of limited clinical value. Here, we hypothesized that this apparent contradiction may be explained by favorable penetration of the drug into TB lesions. First, we utilized novel in vitro lesion pharmacokinetic assays and predicted good penetration of the drug into lesions. We then employed mass spectrometry imaging and laser capture microdissection coupled to liquid chromatography and tandem mass spectrometry (LCM and LC/MS-MS, respectively) to show that ethambutol, indeed, accumulates in diseased tissues and penetrates the major human-like lesion types represented in the rabbit model of TB disease with a lesion-to-plasma exposure ratio ranging from 9 to 12. In addition, ethambutol exhibits slow but sustained passive diffusion into caseum to reach concentrations markedly higher than those measured in plasma at steady state. The results explain why ethambutol has retained its place in the first-line regimen, validate our in vitro lesion penetration assays, and demonstrate the critical importance of effective lesion penetration for anti-TB drugs. Our findings suggest that in vitro and in vivo lesion penetration evaluation should be included in TB drug discovery programs. Finally, this is the first time that LCM with LC-MS/MS has been used to quantify a small molecule at high spatial resolution in infected tissues, a method that can easily be extended to other infectious diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Penetration of beta-lactam antibiotics into their target enzymes in Pseudomonas aeruginosa: comparison of a highly sensitive mutant with its parent strain Abstract: Pseudomonas aeruginosa K 799/WT and a mutant of this strain, P. aeruginosa K 799/61 ("mutant 61"), that is very sensitive to most beta-lactam antibiotics tested were used to assess the importance of penetration barriers in the resistance of P. aeruginosa to penicillins and cephalosporins. The affinities of various beta-lactams to the penicillin-binding proteins found in membranes prepared from both strains were compared by measuring their competition for the binding of benzyl[14C] penicillin to each of these proteins. Only minor differences between the wild type and the mutant 61 were found. The high sensitivity of the mutant therefore cannot be attributed to drastic alterations of these target proteins, nor can the resistance of the wild type be ascribed to penicillin-binding proteins with low affinities for beta-lactams. Experiments in which the ease of penetration of beta-lactams into the penicillin-binding proteins was measured with exponentially growing intact cells instead of membranes, however, clearly demonstrated an easy access of beta-lactam antibiotics to these proteins in the mutant and an efficient exclusion from the same targets in the wild type.	0
Abstract2class: Function of the outer membrane of Escherichia coli as a permeability barrier to beta-lactam antibiotics Abstract: On the basis of a simple theoretical model, the ease of penetration of beta-lactam antibiotics through the outer membrane of Escherichia coli was measured. The cell envelope was found to act as a diffusion barrier to both penicillins and cephalosporins. The validity of the model and the cooperative action of cell-bound beta-lactamase and outer membrane were further verified by comparing calculated and experimentally determined velocities of beta-lactam hydrolysis by intact cells and sonically treated cell suspensions. The results showed good correspondence at five different antibiotic concentrations. Similar conclusions could be drawn from a comparison of beta-lactam concentrations on both sides of the outer membrane, calculated from enzyme kinetic measurements and minimal inhibitory concentrations for both a beta-lactamase-producing E. coli and its enzyme-negative variant. in the case of benzylpenicillin and cephalothin, however, no correspondence was found. The joint action of several parameters determining the efficacy of penicillins and cephalosporins against beta-lactamase-producing E. coli is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Antimicrobial Effects of Antipyretics Abstract: Antipyretics are some of the most commonly used drugs. Since they are often coadministered with antimicrobial therapy, it is important to understand the interactions between these two classes of drugs. Our review is the first to summarize the antimicrobial effects of antipyretic drugs and the underlying mechanisms involved. Antipyretics can inhibit virus replication, inhibit or promote bacterial or fungal growth, alter the expression of virulence factors, change the surface hydrophobicity of microbes, influence biofilm production, affect the motility, adherence, and metabolism of pathogens, interact with the transport and release of antibiotics by leukocytes, modify the susceptibility of bacteria to antibiotics, and induce or reduce the frequency of mutations leading to antimicrobial resistance. While antipyretics may compromise the efficacy of antimicrobial therapy, they can also be beneficial, for example, in the management of biofilm-associated infections, in reducing virulence factors, in therapy of resistant pathogens, and in inducing synergistic effects. In an era where it is becoming increasingly difficult to find new antimicrobial drugs, targeting virulence factors, enhancing the efficacy of antimicrobial therapy, and reducing resistance may be important strategies.	0
Abstract2class: Simultaneous Semimechanistic Population Analyses of Levofloxacin in Plasma, Lung, and Prostate To Describe the Influence of Efflux Transporters on Drug Distribution following Intravenous and Intratracheal Administration Abstract: Levofloxacin (LEV) is a broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone used to treat pneumonia, urinary tract infections, chronic bacterial bronchitis, and prostatitis. Efflux transporters, primarily P-glycoprotein (P-gp), are involved in LEV's tissue penetration. In the present work, LEV free lung and prostate interstitial space fluid (ISF) concentrations were evaluated by microdialysis in Wistar rats after intravenous (i.v.) and intratracheal (i.t.) administration (7 mg/kg of body weight) with and without coadministration of the P-gp inhibitor tariquidar (TAR; 15 mg/kg administered i.v.). Plasma and tissue concentration/time profiles were evaluated by noncompartmental analysis (NCA) and population pharmacokinetics (popPK) analysis. The NCA showed significant differences in bioavailability (F) for the control group (0.4) and the TAR group (0.86) after i.t. administration. A four-compartment model simultaneously characterized total plasma and free lung (compartment 2) and prostate (compartment 3) ISF concentrations. Statistically significant differences in lung and prostate average ISF concentrations and levels of kidney active secretion in the TAR group from those measured for the control group (LEV alone) were observed. The estimated population means were as follows: volume of the central compartment (V1), 0.321 liters; total plasma clearance (CL), 0.220 liters/h; TAR plasma clearance (CLTAR), 0.180 liters/h. The intercompartmental distribution rate constants (K values) were as follows: K12, 8.826 h(-1); K21, 7.271 h(-1); K13, 0.047 h(-1); K31, 7.738 h(-1); K14, 0.908 h(-1); K41, 0.409 h(-1); K21 lung TAR (K21LTAR), 8.883 h(-1); K31 prostate TAR (K31PTAR), 4.377 h(-1). The presence of P-gp considerably impacted the active renal secretion of LEV but had only a minor impact on the efflux from the lung following intratracheal dosing. Our results strongly support the idea of a role of efflux transporters other than P-gp contributing to LEV's tissue penetration into the prostrate.	0
Abstract2class: Pharmacokinetics of cefetamet in plasma and skin blister fluid Abstract: Cefetamet pivoxil is an oral cephalosporin with enhanced affinity for the target penicillin-binding proteins 1 and 3 and an increased stability to beta-lactamases compared with older cephalosporins, such as cefalexin or cefaclor. The pharmacokinetics of cefetamet pivoxil was determined after the seventh and final dose of 500 mg of cefetamet pivoxil in eight healthy volunteers. Concentrations in plasma and cantharidin-induced skin blister fluid were determined by a high-performance liquid chromatography method. In addition, protein binding was assessed. Cmax was 4.8 +/- 1.7 micrograms/ml in skin blister fluid and 5.1 +/- 2.1 micrograms/ml in plasma. Tmax was delayed in skin blister fluid compared with plasma (3.9 +/- 1 versus 2.8 +/- 0.8 h; P < 0.001), and t1/2 was longer in skin blister fluid than in plasma (3.1 +/- 0.5 versus 2.3 +/- 0.3; P < 0.005). The mean percent penetration into cantharide blister fluid was 129% +/- 24% when measured as total drug and 149% +/- 28% when measured as free drug (P < 0.001). These data suggest that cefetamet has an excellent penetration into inflammatory interstitial fluid.	0
Abstract2class: Pyrazinoic acid and its n-propyl ester inhibit fatty acid synthase type I in replicating tubercle bacilli Abstract: The activity of different analogs of pyrazinamide on Mycobacterium tuberculosis fatty acid synthase type I (FASI) in replicating bacilli was studied. Palmitic acid biosynthesis was diminished by 96% in bacilli treated with n-propyl pyrazinoate, 94% in bacilli treated with 5-chloro-pyrazinamide, and 97% in bacilli treated with pyrazinoic acid, the pharmacologically active agent of pyrazinamide. We conclude that the minimal structure of pyrazine ring with an acyl group is sufficient for FASI inhibition and antimycobacterial activity.	0
Abstract2class: Endocarditis caused by extended-spectrum-beta-lactamase-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae: emergence of resistance to ciprofloxacin and piperacillin-tazobactam during treatment despite initial susceptibility Abstract: Three episodes of bacteremia occurred in the course of prosthetic valve endocarditis caused by an extended-spectrum-beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Klebsiella pneumoniae strain. The second isolate developed resistance to ciprofloxacin and the third isolate to piperacillin-tazobactam (PIP-TZ) following sequential therapy with each agent. The first isolate was resistant to PIP-TZ only at high inocula, the second isolate acquired increased transcription of the acrA gene, and the third isolate became resistant to PIP-TZ due to loss of beta-lactamase inhibition by TZ. We question if and how PIP-TZ susceptibility should be reported for ESBL-producing Enterobacteriaceae.	0
Abstract2class: FKS mutations and elevated echinocandin MIC values among Candida glabrata isolates from U.S. population-based surveillance Abstract: Candida glabrata is the second leading cause of candidemia in the United States. Its high-level resistance to triazole antifungal drugs has led to the increased use of the echinocandin class of antifungal agents for primary therapy of these infections. We monitored C. glabrata bloodstream isolates from a population-based surveillance study for elevated echinocandin MIC values (MICs of ≥0.25 μg/ml). From the 490 C. glabrata isolates that were screened, we identified 16 isolates with an elevated MIC value (2.9% of isolates from Atlanta and 2.0% of isolates from Baltimore) for one or more of the echinocandin drugs caspofungin, anidulafungin, and micafungin. All of the isolates with elevated MIC values had a mutation in the previously identified hot spot 1 of either the glucan synthase FKS1 (n = 2) or FKS2 (n = 14) gene. No mutations were detected in hot spot 2 of either FKS1 or FKS2. The predominant mutation was mutation of FKS2-encoded serine 663 to proline (S663P), found in 10 of the isolates with elevated echinocandin MICs. Two of the mutations, R631G for FKS1 and R665G for FKS2, have not been reported previously for C. glabrata. Multilocus sequence typing indicated that the predominance of the S663P mutation was not due to the clonal spread of a single sequence type. With a rising number of echinocandin therapy failures reported, it is important to continue to monitor rates of elevated echinocandin MIC values and the associated mutations.	0
Abstract2class: Occurrence of the Campylobacter resistance gene tetO in Enterococcus and Streptococcus spp Abstract: The distribution of nucleotide sequences related to tetK, tetL, tetM, and tetO was studied by dot blot hybridization in 178 strains of Streptococcus and Enterococcus spp. that were resistant to tetracycline. The tetO gene, which is responsible for tetracycline resistance in Campylobacter spp., was detected in six Streptococcus strains and two Enterococcus strains, in which it was borne by similar plasmids. This observation confirms our previous proposal that tetO originated in gram-positive cocci. tetM, the most prevalent resistance gene, was present alone in 109 strains and associated with tetL in 33 strains in which the two genes contributed cooperatively to high-level tetracycline resistance. tetL was present alone in five Enterococcus strains, and tetK was detected in a single Streptococcus strain. The existence of 22 strains that did not hybridize to the probes suggest that tetracycline resistance in streptococci and enterococci involves additional gene classes as well.	0
Abstract2class: In vivo emergence of multidrug-resistant mutants of Pseudomonas aeruginosa overexpressing the active efflux system MexA-MexB-OprM Abstract: During a 6-month period, 21 pairs of Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates susceptible (pretherapy) and resistant (posttherapy) to antipseudomonal beta-lactam antibiotics were isolated from hospitalized patients. In vivo emergence of beta-lactam resistance was associated with the overexpression of AmpC beta-lactamase in 10 patients. In the other 11 patients, the posttherapy isolates produced only low, basal levels of beta-lactamase and had increased levels of resistance to a variety of non-beta-lactam antibiotics (e.g., quinolones, tetracyclines, and trimethoprim) compared with the levels of beta-lactamase production and resistance of their pretherapy counterparts. These data suggested the involvement of the MexA-MexB-OprM active efflux system in the multidrug resistance phenotype of the posttherapy strains. Immunoblotting of the outer membrane proteins of these 11 bacterial pairs with a specific polyclonal antibody raised against OprM demonstrated the overexpression of OprM in all the posttherapy isolates. To determine whether mutations in mexR, the regulator gene of the mexA-mexB-oprM efflux operon, could account for the overproduction of the efflux system, sequencing experiments were carried out with the 11 bacterial pairs. Eight posttherapy isolates were found to contain insertions or deletions that led to frameshifts in the coding sequences of mexR. Two resistant strains had point mutations in mexR that yielded single amino acid changes in the protein MexR, while another strain did not show any mutation in mexR or in the promoter region upstream of mexR. Introduction of a plasmid-encoded wild-type mexR gene into five posttherapy isolates partially restored the susceptibility of the bacteria to selected antibiotics. These results indicate that in the course of antimicrobial therapy multidrug-resistant active efflux mutants overexpressing the MexA-MexB-OprM system may emerge as a result of mutations in the mexR gene.	0
Abstract2class: Penicillin-binding proteins of multiply antibiotic-resistant South African strains of Streptococcus pneumoniae Abstract: Multiply drug-resistant South African pneumococci (with penicillin minimal inhibitory concentrations ranging from 0.2 to 12.5 microgram/ml) showed several types of major alterations in their penicillin-binding protein (PBP) pattern compared with that of a penicillin-susceptible laboratory strain of Streptococcus pneumoniae (R6; penicillin minimal inhibitory concentration = 0.006 microgram/ml). Genetic transformants were obtained by using South African pneumococcus (strain 8249) deoxyribonucleic acid as donor and the competent cells of strain R6 as recipient; seven classes of transformants with progressively higher penicillin resistance were isolated, and their PBPs were tested. The PBP patterns exhibited a gradual shift from a pattern similar to that of the recipient to a pattern resembling that of the donor strain as the level of penicillin resistance increased.	0
Abstract2class: Mosaic structure of p1658/97, a 125-kilobase plasmid harboring an active amplicon with the extended-spectrum beta-lactamase gene blaSHV-5 Abstract: Escherichia coli isolates recovered from patients during a clonal outbreak in a Warsaw, Poland, hospital in 1997 produced different levels of an extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL) of the SHV type. The beta-lactamase hyperproduction correlated with the multiplication of ESBL gene copies within a plasmid. Here, we present the complete nucleotide sequence of plasmid p1658/97 carried by the isolates recovered during the outbreak. The plasmid is 125,491 bp and shows a mosaic structure in which all modules constituting the plasmid core are homologous to those found in plasmids F and R100 and are separated by segments of homology to other known regions (plasmid R64, Providencia rettgeri genomic island R391, Vibrio cholerae STX transposon, Klebsiella pneumoniae or E. coli chromosomes). Plasmid p1658/97 bears two replication systems, IncFII and IncFIB; we demonstrated that both are active in E. coli. The presence of an active partition system (sopABC locus) and two postsegregational killing systems (pemIK and hok/sok) indicates that the plasmid should be stably maintained in E. coli populations. The conjugative transfer is ensured by the operons of the tra and trb genes. We also demonstrate that the plasmidic segment undergoing amplification contains the blaSHV-5 gene and is homologous to a 7.9-kb fragment of the K. pneumoniae chromosome. The amplicon displays the structure of a composite transposon of type I.	0
Abstract2class: The antiparasitic compound licochalcone a is a potent echinocytogenic agent that modifies the erythrocyte membrane in the concentration range where antiplasmodial activity is observed Abstract: The well-known antiparasitic compound licochalcone A is a potent membrane-active agent that transforms normal erythrocytes into echinocytes in parallel with the inhibition of growth of Plasmodium falciparum cultures, the in vitro antiplasmodial effect apparently being an indirect effect on the host cell. In vitro experiments with synchronous cultures demonstrate that inhibition of invasion is the principal mechanism of growth inhibition. The erythrocyte membrane-modifying effect was also transiently observed in vivo in mice after intravenous administration.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro Plasmodium falciparum drug sensitivity assay: inhibition of parasite growth by incorporation of stomatocytogenic amphiphiles into the erythrocyte membrane Abstract: Lupeol, which shows in vitro inhibitory activity against Plasmodium falciparum 3D7 strain with a 50% inhibitory concentration (IC50) of 27.7 +/- 0.5 microM, was shown to cause a transformation of the human erythrocyte shape toward that of stomatocytes. Good correlation between the IC50 value and the membrane curvature changes caused by lupeol was observed. Preincubation of erythrocytes with lupeol, followed by extensive washing, made the cells unsuitable for parasite growth, suggesting that the compound incorporates into erythrocyte membrane irreversibly. On the other hand, lupeol-treated parasite culture continued to grow well in untreated erythrocytes. Thus, the antiplasmodial activity of lupeol appears to be indirect, being due to stomatocytic transformation of the host cell membrane and not to toxic effects via action on a drug target within the parasite. A number of amphiphiles that cause stomatocyte formation, but not those causing echinocyte formation, were shown to inhibit growth of the parasites, apparently via a mechanism similar to that of lupeol. Since antiplasmodial agents that inhibit parasite growth through erythrocyte membrane modifications must be regarded as unsuitable as leads for development of new antimalarial drugs, care must be exercised in the interpretation of results of screening of plant extracts and natural product libraries by an in vitro Plasmodium toxicity assay.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular mode of action of the antifungal beta-amino acid BAY 10-8888 Abstract: BAY 10-8888 is a cyclic beta-amino acid that is related to cispentacin and that has antifungal activity. Candida albicans cells accumulated BAY 10-8888 intracellularly to a concentration about 200 that in the medium when grown in media with a variety of nitrogen sources. In complex growth medium, BAY 10-8888 transport activity was markedly reduced and was paralleled by a decrease in its antifungal activity. Uptake of BAY 10-8888 was mediated by an H+-coupled amino acid transporter with specificity for branched-chain amino acids (isoleucine, leucine, and valine) and showed a KT (Michaelis constant of the transport reaction) of 0.95 mM and a Vmax of 18.9 nmol x min-1 x 10(7) cells-1. Similar to the transport of natural amino acids in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the transport of BAY 10-8888 into the cell was unidirectional. Efflux occurred by diffusion and was not carrier mediated. Inside the cell BAY 10-8888 inhibited specifically isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase, resulting in inhibition of protein synthesis and cell growth. Intracellular isoleucine reversed BAY 10-8888-induced growth inhibition. BAY 10-8888 was not incorporated into proteins. BAY 10-8888 inhibited isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase with the same concentration dependency as protein biosynthesis in intact cells assuming 200-fold accumulation.	0
Abstract2class: Decreased accumulation or increased isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase activity confers resistance to the cyclic beta-amino acid BAY 10-8888 in Candida albicans and Candida tropicalis Abstract: BAY 10-8888, a cyclic beta-amino acid, exerts its antifungal activity by inhibition of isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase activity after accumulation to a millimolar concentration inside the cell. We have selected and characterized BAY 10-8888-resistant Candida albicans mutants. Reduced BAY 10-8888 accumulation as well as increased isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase activity was observed in these mutants. Some of the mutants were cross-resistant to cispentacin, a structurally related beta-amino acid, while sensitivities to 5-fluorocytosine and fluconazole remained unchanged in all mutants. All except two in vitro-resistant mutants were pathogenic in a murine candidiasis model, and BAY 10-8888 failed to cure the infection. Furthermore, we have characterized BAY 10-8888 transport and isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase activity in several Candida tropicalis strains which showed MICs higher than those of other Candida strains. An analysis of the C. tropicalis strains revealed that intracellular concentrations of BAY 10-8888 were in the millimolar range, comparable to those for C. albicans. However, these isolates expressed isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase activities about fourfold higher than those for C. albicans. To test the possibility of resistance modeling, we determined the correlations between the intracellular concentration of BAY 10-8888, the specific activity of isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase, the number of free, i.e., noninhibited, isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase molecules/cell, and growth, assuming a linear relation. We found significant correlations between growth and the intracellular concentration of BAY 10-8888 and between growth and the number of free isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase molecules/cell, but not between growth and the specific activity of isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase.	0
Abstract2class: Activation by 9-(R)-[2-(phosphonomethoxy)propyl]adenine of chemokine (RANTES, macrophage inflammatory protein 1alpha) and cytokine (tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin-10 [IL-10], IL-1beta) production Abstract: Development of a novel group of antiviral agents, acyclic nucleoside phosphonates, has provided a new perspective for treating human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. One of the compounds, 9-(R)-[2-(phosphonomethoxy)propyl]adenine (PMPA) (tenofovir), has been shown to confer complete protection against AIDS in a simian model of the infection. The aim of our study was to investigate whether the antiviral efficacy of PMPA, which depends mainly on inhibition of virus-induced DNA polymerase or of reverse transcriptase, could be contributed by immunomodulatory potential of this drug. We screened for its ability to activate production of cytokines and chemokines that are known to interfere with the replication and/or the entry of HIV in cells. Using the in vitro test system of mouse macrophages and lymphocytes, it has been found that PMPA stimulates macrophage secretion of interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), IL-10, and tumor necrosis factor alpha. Production of the chemokines RANTES and macrophage inflammatory protein 1alpha was activated in both macrophages and lymphocytes, and also in human cell line U937. Other cytokines--i.e., IL-2, IL-12, IL-13, and gamma interferon-remained uninfluenced by PMPA. The cytokines were stimulated in a dose-dependent fashion, with rapid onset, and peak concentrations were achieved within 5 to 24 h. The findings contribute to a more complex understanding of mechanisms of antiviral effectiveness of PMPA and support the view that this drug could become a promising candidate for therapeutic exploitation in anti-HIV preventive medicine.	0
Abstract2class: Combined intravenous and intraventricular administration of colistin methanesulfonate in critically ill patients with central nervous system infection Abstract: Colistin pharmacokinetics were prospectively studied after intravenous administration of colistin methanesulphonate in critically ill patients without central nervous system infection (controls, n = 5) and in patients with external ventricular drain-associated ventriculitis after intravenous administration (EVDViv, n = 3) or combined intravenous/intraventricular administration (EVDVcomb, n = 4). Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)/serum colistin concentration ratios were higher in EVDViv than in control patients (11% versus 7%, P ≤ 0.05) and in EVDVcomb compared to all other patients (P < 0.0001). CSF colistin concentrations above the MIC of 0.5 μg/ml were achieved only in EVDVcomb patients.	0
Abstract2class: Mutants of feline immunodeficiency virus resistant to 2',3'-dideoxy-2',3'-didehydrothymidine Abstract: We selected mutants of feline immunodeficiency virus (FIV) that are resistant to 2',3'-dideoxy-2',3'-didehydrothymidine (d4T). Two mutants were selected in cultured cells with a stepwise increase in d4T concentration, resulting in mutants able to replicate in 100 microM d4T. These mutants were three- to sixfold more resistant to d4T than wild-type FIV. They were also cross-resistant to 3'-azido-3'-deoxythymidine (AZT), 3'-fluoro-2',3'-dideoxythymidine, 2',3'-dideoxycytidine, 2',3'-dideoxyinosine, and 9-(2-phosphonylmethoxyethyl)adenine, and they were highly resistant to phosphonoformic acid (PFA). Plaque-purified mutants were isolated from each of the mutant populations. The mutant phenotype was stable, because both of the plaque-purified mutants remained d4T resistant even after three passages in the absence of d4T. One of the plaque-purified mutants, designated D4R-3c, was further characterized. Compared with wild-type reverse transcriptase (RT), RT purified from D4R-3c was 3-fold resistant to inhibition by the 5'-triphosphate of d4T, 10-fold resistant to inhibition by the 5'-triphosphate of AZT, and 6-fold resistant to PFA. D4R-3c had a single point mutation in the RT-encoding region of the pol gene at position 2474, resulting in a Val to Ile mutation at codon 47 of the FIV RT. The role of this mutation in d4T resistance was confirmed by site-directed mutagenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Anti-hepatitis B virus activity and metabolism of 2',3'-dideoxy-2',3'-didehydro-beta-L(-)-5-fluorocytidine Abstract: 2',3'-Dideoxy-2',3'-didehydro-beta-L(-)-5-fluorocytidine [L(-)Fd4C] was found to be at least 10 times more potent than beta-L-2',3'-dideoxy-3'-thiacytidine [L(-)SddC; also called 3TC, or lamivudine]against hepatitis B virus (HBV) in culture. Its cytotoxicity against HepG2 growth in culture was also greater than that of L(-)SddC (3TC). There was no activity of this compound against mitochondrial DNA synthesis in cells at concentrations upto 10 microM. The dynamics of recovery of virus from the medium of cells pretreated with equal drug concentrations were slower with L(-)Fd4C than with L(-)SddC (3TC). L(-)Fd4C could be metabolized to mono-, di-, and triphosphate forms. The degree of L(-)Fd4C phosphorylation to the 5'-triphosphate metabolite was higher than the degree of L(-)SddC (3TC) phosphorylation when equal extracellular concentrations of the two drugs were used. The apparent K(m) of L(-)Fd4C phosphorylated metabolites formed intracellularly was higher than that for L(-)SddC (3TC). This may be due in part to a difference in the behavior of L(-)Fd4C and L(-)SddC (3TC) towards cytosolic deoxycytidine kinase. Furthermore, L(-)Fd4C 5'-triphosphate was retained longer within cells than L(-)SddC (3TC) 5-triphosphate. L(-)Fd4C 5'-triphosphate inhibited HBV DNA polymerase in competition with dCTP with a Ki of 0.069 +/- 0.015 microM. Given the antiviral potency and unique pharmacodynamic properties of L(-)Fd4C, this compound should be considered for development as an expanded-spectrum anti-HBV drug.	0
Abstract2class: Inhibition of replication of hepatitis B virus by cytallene in vitro Abstract: The acyclic cytosine nucleoside analog cytallene [1-(4'-hydroxy-1',2'-butadienyl)cytosine], which has both (+)- and (-)-enantiomers, was evaluated for its anti-hepatitis B virus (HBV) activity in 2.2.15 cells and was found to have potent activity against HBV DNA synthesis. The R-(-)-enantiomer was found to be the more active of the cytallene enantiomers, with a 50% inhibition concentration against HBV synthesis (HBIC50) of 0.08 microM. Its antiviral activity could be reversed by deoxycytidine (dC) and less efficiently by cytidine. Upon removal of the R-(-)-enantiomer from culture medium, the synthesis of HBV DNA could reinitiate, which suggested that the antiviral action is reversible. The R-(-)-enantiomer was also found to be more cytotoxic than the S-(+)-enantiomer. The degree of cytotoxicity varied among the cell lines, with a 50% inhibition of cell growth at greater than 10 microM. The R-(-)-enantiomer had no effect on HBV RNA synthesis and mitochondrial DNA synthesis at a concentration of 10 times or more than the HBIC50. The two enantiomers cannot be deaminated by dC deaminase, and they can be phosphorylated by cytoplasmic dC kinase. The R-(-)-enantiomer of cytallene is the first acyclic cytosine analog with potent inhibitory activity against HBV similar to those of other L-(-)-ddC analogs.	0
Abstract2class: Bactericidal efficiency and modes of action of the novel antimicrobial peptide T9W against Pseudomonas aeruginosa Abstract: The antipseudomonal efficiency and mechanism of action of a novel engineered antimicrobial peptide, T9W, were evaluated in this study. T9W displayed high activity, with a lethal concentration (LC) of 1 to 4 μM against Pseudomonas aeruginosa, including against ciprofloxacin-, gentamicin-, and ceftazidime-resistant strains, even in the presence of 50 to 300 mM NaCl, 1 to 5 mM Ca(2+), or 0.5 to 2 mM Mg(2+). The time-kill curve (TKC) analysis demonstrated concentration-dependent activity, with T9W achieving complete killing in less than 30 min at 1× LC and in less than 5 min at 4× LC. Combination TKC analyses additionally demonstrated a synergistic effect with ciprofloxacin and gentamicin. The selectivity of T9W was further supported by its ability to specifically eliminate P. aeruginosa in a coculture with macrophages without toxicity to the mammalian cells. The results from fluorescent measurement indicated that T9W bound to lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and induced P. aeruginosa membrane depolarization, and microscopic observations and flow cytometry further indicated that T9W targeted the P. aeruginosa cell membrane and disrupted cytoplasmic membrane integrity, thereby causing cellular content release leading to cell death. This study revealed the potential usefulness of T9W as a novel antimicrobial agent against P. aeruginosa.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of arylimidamides DB1955 and DB1960 as candidates against visceral leishmaniasis and Chagas' disease: in vivo efficacy, acute toxicity, pharmacokinetics, and toxicology studies Abstract: Arylimidamides (AIAs) have shown outstanding in vitro potency against intracellular kinetoplastid parasites, and the AIA 2,5-bis[2-(2-propoxy)-4-(2-pyridylimino)aminophenyl]furan dihydrochloride (DB766) displayed good in vivo efficacy in rodent models of visceral leishmaniasis (VL) and Chagas' disease. In an attempt to further increase the solubility and in vivo antikinetoplastid potential of DB766, the mesylate salt of this compound and that of the closely related AIA 2,5-bis[2-(2-cyclopentyloxy)-4-(2-pyridylimino)aminophenyl]furan hydrochloride (DB1852) were prepared. These two mesylate salts, designated DB1960 and DB1955, respectively, exhibited dose-dependent activity in the murine model of VL, with DB1960 inhibiting liver parasitemia by 51% at an oral dose of 100 mg/kg/day × 5 and DB1955 reducing liver parasitemia by 57% when given by the same dosing regimen. In a murine Trypanosoma cruzi infection model, DB1960 decreased the peak parasitemia levels that occurred at 8 days postinfection by 46% when given orally at 100 mg/kg/day × 5, while DB1955 had no effect on peak parasitemia levels when administered by the same dosing regimen. Distribution studies revealed that these compounds accumulated to micromolar levels in the liver, spleen, and kidneys but to a lesser extent in the heart, brain, and plasma. A 5-day repeat-dose toxicology study with DB1960 and DB1955 was also conducted with female BALB/c mice, with the compounds administered orally at 100, 200, and 500 mg/kg/day. In the high-dose groups, DB1960 caused changes in serum chemistry, with statistically significant increases in serum blood urea nitrogen, lactate dehydrogenase, aspartate aminotransferase, and alanine aminotransferase levels, and a 21% decrease in body weight was observed in this group. These changes were consistent with microscopic findings in the livers and kidneys of the treated animals. The incidences of observed clinical signs (hunched posture, tachypnea, tremors, and ruffled fur) were more frequent in DB1960-treated groups than in those treated with DB1955. However, histopathological examination of tissue samples indicated that both compounds had adverse effects at all dose levels.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of new antileishmanial leads from hits obtained by high-throughput screening Abstract: A previous screen of ~200,000 compounds from the PubChem database identified 70 compounds possessing 50% effective concentrations (EC(50)s) below 1 μM against Leishmania major promastigotes that were not toxic to mammalian epithelial cancer cells at this concentration (E. Sharlow et al., PLoS Negl. Trop. Dis. 3:e540, 2009). Based on availability and chemical exclusion criteria, 31 of these compounds were purchased from commercial suppliers and evaluated for in vitro activity against intracellular L. donovani and L. amazonensis parasites. Benzothiazole cyanine compounds (PubChem 16196319 and 16196223) displayed potent activity against intracellular amastigotes, prompting a search for commercially available compounds that were structurally related. Pubchem 123859 (the cyanine dye thiazole orange) showed exceptionally potent activity against intracellular L. donovani in vitro (50% inhibitory concentration [IC(50)] = 21 ± 12 nM) and low cytotoxicity against Vero cells (IC(50) = 7,800 ± 200 nM). Administration of 123859 and 16196319 at a dose of 1 mg/kg of body weight intraperitoneally (i.p.) daily for 5 days resulted in 44% ± 4% and 42% ± 3% suppression of liver parasitemia in L. donovani-infected BALB/c mice, respectively, compared to the untreated control group (the reductions in liver parasitemia were 30% ± 5% and 27% ± 4%, respectively, compared to the (2-hydroxypropyl)-β-cyclodextrin solution (HPβCD) vehicle control, which itself displayed some antileishmanial activity). Benzothiazole-containing cyanine dyes are thus potential lead compounds for the discovery of novel antileishmanial agents.	0
Abstract2class: pSK41-like plasmid is necessary for Inc18-like vanA plasmid transfer from Enterococcus faecalis to Staphylococcus aureus in vitro Abstract: Vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (VRSA) is thought to result from the in vivo conjugative transfer of a vanA plasmid from an Enterococcus sp. to S. aureus. We studied bacterial isolates from VRSA cases that occurred in the United States to identify microbiological factors which may contribute to this plasmid transfer. First, vancomycin-susceptible, methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) isolates from five VRSA cases were tested for their ability to accept foreign DNA by conjugation in mating experiments with Enterococcus faecalis JH2-2 containing pAM378, a pheromone-response conjugative plasmid. All of the MRSA isolates accepted the plasmid DNA with similar transfer efficiencies (∼10(-7)/donor CFU) except for one isolate, MRSA8, for which conjugation was not successful. The MRSA isolates were also tested as recipients in mating experiments between an E. faecalis isolate with an Inc18-like vanA plasmid that was isolated from a VRSA case patient. Conjugative transfer was successful for 3/5 MRSA isolates. Successful MRSA recipients carried a pSK41-like plasmid, a staphylococcal conjugative plasmid, whereas the two unsuccessful MRSA recipients did not carry pSK41. The transfer of a pSK41-like plasmid from a successful MRSA recipient to the two unsuccessful recipients resulted in conjugal transfer of the Inc18-like vanA plasmid from E. faecalis at a frequency of 10(-7)/recipient CFU. In addition, conjugal transfer could be achieved for pSK41-negative MRSA in the presence of a cell-free culture filtrate from S. aureus carrying a pSK41-like plasmid at a frequency of 10(-8)/recipient CFU. These results indicated that a pSK41-like plasmid can facilitate the transfer of an Inc18-like vanA plasmid from E. faecalis to S. aureus, possibly via an extracellular factor produced by pSK41-carrying isolates.	0
Abstract2class: Dissemination of an Enterococcus Inc18-Like vanA plasmid associated with vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Of the 9 vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (VRSA) cases reported to date in the literature, 7 occurred in Michigan. In 5 of the 7 Michigan VRSA cases, an Inc18-like vanA plasmid was identified in the VRSA isolate and/or an associated vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus (VRE) isolate from the same patient. This plasmid may play a critical role in the emergence of VRSA. We studied the geographical distribution of the plasmid by testing 1,641 VRE isolates from three separate collections by PCR for plasmid-specific genes traA, repR, and vanA. Isolates from one collection (phase 2) were recovered from surveillance cultures collected in 17 hospitals in 13 states. All VRE isolates from 2 Michigan institutions (n = 386) and between 60 and 70 VRE isolates (n = 883) from the other hospitals were tested. Fifteen VRE isolates (3.9%) from Michigan were positive for an Inc18-like vanA plasmid (9 E. faecalis [12.5%], 3 E. faecium [1.0%], 2 E. avium, and 1 E. raffinosus). Six VRE isolates (0.6%) from outside Michigan were positive (3 E. faecalis [2.7%] and 3 E. faecium [0.4%]). Of all E. faecalis isolates tested, 6.0% were positive for the plasmid, compared to 0.6% for E. faecium and 3.0% for other spp. Fourteen of the 15 plasmid-positive isolates from Michigan had the same Tn1546 insertion site location as the VRSA-associated Inc18-like plasmid, whereas 5 of 6 plasmid-positive isolates from outside Michigan differed in this characteristic. Most plasmid-positive E. faecalis isolates demonstrated diverse patterns by PFGE, with the exception of three pairs with indistinguishable patterns, suggesting that the plasmid is mobile in nature. Although VRE isolates with the VRSA-associated Inc18-like vanA plasmid were more common in Michigan, they remain rare. Periodic surveillance of VRE isolates for the plasmid may be useful in predicting the occurrence of VRSA.	0
Abstract2class: Vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus isolates associated with Inc18-like vanA plasmids in Michigan Abstract: Five of the seven cases of vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (VRSA) infection identified to date have occurred in southeastern Michigan. VRSA isolates from the four most recent cases (all from Michigan) were characterized. The vanA gene was localized to a single plasmid in each VRSA isolate. The pulsed-field gel electrophoresis patterns of chromosomal DNA and the restriction profile of the plasmid demonstrated that the four isolates were unique and differed from the first three VRSA isolates. Vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus (VRE) isolates, all of which were Enterococcus faecalis, were recovered from case patients 4 to 6. Each VRE isolate transferred vancomycin resistance to E. faecalis JH2-2 by conjugation. PCRs for vanA and the Inc18-like plasmid genes traA and repR confirmed the presence of an Inc18-like vanA plasmid in all VRE isolates and transconjugants. An Inc18-like vanA plasmid was identified in the VRSA isolate from case patient 7. These findings suggest a role of Inc18-like plasmids as vanA donors.	0
Abstract2class: Complete nucleotide sequence of pCTX-M360, an intermediate plasmid between pEL60 and pCTX-M3, from a multidrug-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae strain isolated in China Abstract: In this work we report the characterization of plasmid pCTX-M360, isolated from a Klebsiella pneumoniae strain from China and encoding the CTX-M-3 extended-spectrum beta-lactamase. Sequence analysis of pCTX-M360 revealed extensive similarity with pEL60 and pCTX-M3, two other enterobacterial plasmids of the IncL/M incompatibility group. Compared to pEL60, pCTX-M360 contains several insertions but lacks most of a 27-kb insert found in pCTX-M3, suggesting that it could be an evolutionary intermediate between pEL60 and pCTX-M3.	0
Abstract2class: New insights into the bacterial RNA polymerase inhibitor CBR703 as a starting point for optimization as an anti-infective agent Abstract: CBR703 was reported to inhibit bacterial RNA polymerase (RNAP) and biofilm formation, considering it to be a good candidate for further optimization. While synthesized derivatives of CBR703 did not result in more-active RNAP inhibitors, we observed promising antibacterial activities. These again correlated with a significant cytotoxicity toward mammalian cells. Furthermore, we suspect the promising effects on biofilm formation to be artifacts. Consequently, this class of compounds can be considered unattractive as antibacterial agents.	0
Abstract2class: Potent antiviral activity of north-methanocarbathymidine against Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus Abstract: Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) infection is a prerequisite for the development of Kaposi's sarcoma (KS). Blocking lytic KSHV replication may hinder KS tumorigenesis. Here, we report potent in vitro anti-KSHV activity of 2'-exo-methanocarbathymidine [North-methanocarbathymidine (N-MCT)], a thymidine analog with a pseudosugar ring locked in the northern conformation, which has previously been shown to block the replication of herpes simplex virus types 1 and 2. N-MCT inhibited KSHV virion production in lytically induced KSHV-infected BCBL-1 cells with a substantially lower 50% inhibitory concentration (IC50) than those of cidofovir (CDV) and ganciclovir (GCV) (IC50, mean +/- standard deviation: 0.08 +/- 0.03, 0.42 +/- 0.07, and 0.96 +/- 0.49 microM for N-MCT, CDV, and GCV, respectively). The reduction in KSHV virion production was accompanied by a corresponding decrease in KSHV DNA levels in the N-MCT-treated BCBL-1 cells, indicating that the compound blocked lytic KSHV DNA replication. A time- and dose-dependent accumulation of N-MCT-triphosphate (TP) was demonstrated in lytically induced BCBL-1 cells, while uninfected cells showed virtually no accumulation. The levels of N-MCT-TP were significantly decreased in the presence of 5'-ethynylthymidine, a potent inhibitor of herpesvirus thymidine kinase, resulting in the abrogation of anti-KSHV activity of N-MCT. N-MCT-TP more effectively blocked in vitro DNA synthesis by KSHV DNA polymerase with an IC50 of 6.24 +/- 0.08 microM (mean +/- standard deviation) compared to CDV-diphosphate (14.70 +/-2.47 microM) or GCV-TP (24.59 +/- 5.60 microM). Taken together, N-MCT is a highly potent and target-specific anti-KSHV agent which inhibits lytic KSHV DNA synthesis through its triphosphate metabolite produced in KSHV-infected cells expressing a virally encoded thymidine kinase.	0
Abstract2class: Population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic analysis of the bactericidal activities of sutezolid (PNU-100480) and its major metabolite against intracellular Mycobacterium tuberculosis in ex vivo whole-blood cultures of patients with pulmonary tuberculosis Abstract: Sutezolid (PNU-100480 [U-480]) is an oxazolidinone antimicrobial being developed for the treatment of tuberculosis. An active sulfoxide metabolite (PNU-101603 [U-603]), which reaches concentrations in plasma several times those of the parent, has been reported to drive the killing of extracellular Mycobacterium tuberculosis by sutezolid in hollow-fiber culture. However, the relative contributions of the parent and metabolite against intracellular M. tuberculosis in vivo are not fully understood. The relationships between the plasma concentrations of U-480 and U-603 and intracellular whole-blood bactericidal activity (WBA) in ex vivo cultures were examined using a direct competitive population pharmacokinetic (PK)/pharmacodynamic 4-parameter sigmoid model. The data set included 690 PK determinations and 345 WBA determinations from 50 tuberculosis patients enrolled in a phase 2a sutezolid trial. The model parameters were solved iteratively. The median U-603/U-480 concentration ratio was 7.1 (range, 1 to 28). The apparent 50% inhibitory concentration of U-603 for intracellular M. tuberculosis was 17-fold greater than that of U-480 (90% confidence interval [CI], 9.9- to 53-fold). Model parameters were used to simulate in vivo activity after oral dosing with sutezolid at 600 mg twice a day (BID) and 1,200 mg once a day (QD). Divided dosing resulted in greater cumulative activity (-0.269 log10 per day; 90% CI, -0.237 to -0.293 log10 per day) than single daily dosing (-0.186 log10 per day; 90% CI, -0.160 to -0.208 log10 per day). U-480 accounted for 84% and 78% of the activity for BID and QD dosing, respectively, despite the higher concentrations of U-603. Killing of intracellular M. tuberculosis by orally administered sutezolid is mainly due to the activity of the parent compound. Taken together with the findings of other studies in the hollow-fiber model, these findings suggest that sutezolid and its metabolite act on different mycobacterial subpopulations.	0
Abstract2class: Novel robust hepatitis C virus mouse efficacy model Abstract: The lack of a robust small-animal model for hepatitis C virus (HCV) has hindered the discovery and development of novel drug treatments for HCV infections. We developed a reproducible and easily accessible xenograft mouse efficacy model in which HCV RNA replication is accurately monitored in vivo by real-time, noninvasive whole-body imaging of gamma-irradiated SCID mice implanted with a mouse-adapted luciferase replicon-containing Huh-7 cell line (T7-11). The model was validated by demonstrating that both a small-molecule NS3/4A protease inhibitor (BILN 2061) and human alpha interferon (IFN-alpha) decreased HCV RNA replication and that treatment withdrawal resulted in a rebound in replication, which paralleled clinical outcomes in humans. We further showed that protease inhibitor and IFN-alpha combination therapy was more effective in reducing HCV RNA replication than treatment with each compound alone and supports testing in humans. This robust mouse efficacy model provides a powerful tool for rapid evaluation of potential anti-HCV compounds in vivo as part of aggressive drug discovery efforts.	0
Abstract2class: Enzyme-catalyzed cationic epoxide rearrangements in quinolone alkaloid biosynthesis Abstract: Epoxides are highly useful synthons and biosynthons for the construction of complex natural products during total synthesis and biosynthesis, respectively. Among enzyme-catalyzed epoxide transformations, a reaction that is notably missing, in regard to the synthetic toolbox, is cationic rearrangement that takes place under strong acid. This is a challenging transformation for enzyme catalysis, as stabilization of the carbocation intermediate upon epoxide cleavage is required. Here, we discovered two Brønsted acid enzymes that can catalyze two unprecedented epoxide transformations in biology. PenF from the penigequinolone pathway catalyzes a cationic epoxide rearrangement under physiological conditions to generate a quaternary carbon center, while AsqO from the aspoquinolone pathway catalyzes a 3-exo-tet cyclization to forge a cyclopropane-tetrahydrofuran ring system. The discovery of these new epoxide-modifying enzymes further highlights the versatility of epoxides in complexity generation during natural product biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism-based tuning of a LOV domain photoreceptor Abstract: Phototropin-like LOV domains form a cysteinyl-flavin adduct in response to blue light but show considerable variation in output signal and the lifetime of the photo-adduct signaling state. Mechanistic studies of the slow-cycling fungal LOV photoreceptor Vivid (VVD) reveal the importance of reactive cysteine conformation, flavin electronic environment and solvent accessibility for adduct scission and thermal reversion. Proton inventory, pH effects, base catalysis and structural studies implicate flavin N(5) deprotonation as rate-determining for recovery. Substitutions of active site residues Ile74, Ile85, Met135 and Met165 alter photoadduct lifetimes by over four orders of magnitude in VVD, and similar changes in other LOV proteins show analogous effects. Adduct state decay rates also correlate with changes in conformational and oligomeric properties of the protein necessary for signaling. These findings link natural sequence variation of LOV domains to function and provide a means to design broadly reactive light-sensitive probes.	0
Abstract2class: Metabolic suppression identifies new antibacterial inhibitors under nutrient limitation Abstract: Characterizing new drugs and chemical probes of biological systems is hindered by difficulties in identifying the mechanism of action (MOA) of biologically active molecules. Here we present a metabolite suppression approach to explore the MOA of antibacterial compounds under nutrient restriction. We assembled an array of metabolites that can be screened for suppressors of inhibitory molecules. Further, we identified inhibitors of Escherichia coli growth under nutrient limitation and charted their interactions with our metabolite array. This strategy led to the discovery and characterization of three new antibacterial compounds, MAC168425, MAC173979 and MAC13772. We showed that MAC168425 interferes with glycine metabolism, MAC173979 is a time-dependent inhibitor of p-aminobenzoic acid biosynthesis and MAC13772 inhibits biotin biosynthesis. We conclude that metabolite suppression profiling is an effective approach to focus MOA studies on compounds impairing metabolic capabilities. Such bioactives can serve as chemical probes of bacterial physiology and as leads for antibacterial drug development.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic insights into a Ca2+-dependent family of alpha-mannosidases in a human gut symbiont Abstract: Colonic bacteria, exemplified by Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, play a key role in maintaining human health by harnessing large families of glycoside hydrolases (GHs) to exploit dietary polysaccharides and host glycans as nutrients. Such GH family expansion is exemplified by the 23 family GH92 glycosidases encoded by the B. thetaiotaomicron genome. Here we show that these are alpha-mannosidases that act via a single displacement mechanism to utilize host N-glycans. The three-dimensional structure of two GH92 mannosidases defines a family of two-domain proteins in which the catalytic center is located at the domain interface, providing acid (glutamate) and base (aspartate) assistance to hydrolysis in a Ca(2+)-dependent manner. The three-dimensional structures of the GH92s in complex with inhibitors provide insight into the specificity, mechanism and conformational itinerary of catalysis. Ca(2+) plays a key catalytic role in helping distort the mannoside away from its ground-state (4)C(1) chair conformation toward the transition state.	0
Abstract2class: De novo biosynthesis of terminal alkyne-labeled natural products Abstract: The terminal alkyne is a functionality widely used in organic synthesis, pharmaceutical science, material science and bioorthogonal chemistry. This functionality is also found in acetylenic natural products, but the underlying biosynthetic pathways for its formation are not well understood. Here we report the characterization of what is to our knowledge the first carrier protein-dependent terminal alkyne biosynthetic machinery in microbes. We further demonstrate that this enzymatic machinery can be exploited for the in situ generation and incorporation of terminal alkynes into two natural product scaffolds in Escherichia coli. These results highlight the prospect for tagging major classes of natural products, including polyketides and polyketide/nonribosomal peptide hybrids, using biosynthetic pathway engineering.	0
Abstract2class: A fungal ketoreductase domain that displays substrate-dependent stereospecificity Abstract: Iterative highly reducing polyketide synthases from filamentous fungi are the most complex and enigmatic type of polyketide synthase discovered to date. Here we uncover an unusual degree of programming by the hypothemycin highly reducing polyketide synthase, in which a single ketoreductase domain shows stereospecificity that is controlled by substrate length. Mapping of the structural domains responsible for this feature allowed for the biosynthesis of an unnatural diastereomer of the natural product dehydrozearalenol.	0
Abstract2class: Cpf1 proteins excise CRISPR RNAs from mRNA transcripts in mammalian cells Abstract: Cpf1 is a CRISPR effector protein that has greater specificity than Streptococcus pyogenes Cas9 (SpCas9) in genome-editing applications. Here we show that Lachnospiraceae bacterium (Lb) and Acidaminococus sp. (As) Cpf1 orthologs have RNase activities that can excise multiple CRISPR RNAs (crRNAs) from a single RNA polymerase II-driven RNA transcript expressed in mammalian cells. This property simplifies modification of multiple genomic targets and can be used to increase the efficiency of Cpf1-mediated editing.	0
Abstract2class: Coordination of auxin and ethylene biosynthesis by the aminotransferase VAS1 Abstract: We identify an Arabidopsis pyridoxal-phosphate-dependent aminotransferase, VAS1, whose loss-of-function simultaneously increases amounts of the phytohormone auxin and the ethylene precursor 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate. VAS1 uses the ethylene biosynthetic intermediate methionine as an amino donor and the auxin biosynthetic intermediate indole-3-pyruvic acid as an amino acceptor to produce L-tryptophan and 2-oxo-4-methylthiobutyric acid. Our data indicate that VAS1 serves key roles in coordinating the amounts of these two vital hormones.	0
Abstract2class: Divergence of multimodular polyketide synthases revealed by a didomain structure Abstract: The enoylreductase (ER) is the final common enzyme from modular polyketide synthases (PKSs) to be structurally characterized. The 3.0 Å-resolution structure of the didomain comprising the ketoreductase (KR) and ER from the second module of the spinosyn PKS reveals that ER shares an ∼600-Å(2) interface with KR distinct from that of the related mammalian fatty acid synthase (FAS). In contrast to the ER domains of the mammalian FAS, the ER domains of the second module of the spinosyn PKS do not make contact across the two-fold axis of the synthase. This monomeric organization may have been necessary in the evolution of multimodular PKSs to enable acyl carrier proteins to access each of their cognate enzymes. The isolated ER domain showed activity toward a substrate analog, enabling us to determine the contributions of its active site residues.	0
Abstract2class: Colibactin assembly line enzymes use S-adenosylmethionine to build a cyclopropane ring Abstract: Despite containing an α-amino acid, the versatile cofactor S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) is not a known building block for nonribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) assembly lines. Here we report an unusual NRPS module from colibactin biosynthesis that uses SAM for amide bond formation and subsequent cyclopropanation. Our findings showcase a new use for SAM and reveal a novel biosynthetic route to a functional group that likely mediates colibactin's genotoxicity.	0
Abstract2class: Substrate-dependent proton antiport in neurotransmitter:sodium symporters Abstract: Neurotransmitter-sodium symporters (NSS), targets for psychostimulants and therapeutic drugs, have a critical role in neurotransmission. Whereas eukaryotic NSS show chloride-dependent transport, bacterial NSS feature Cl(-)-independent substrate transport. Recently we showed that mutation of an acidic residue near one of the sodium ion-binding sites in LeuT of Aquifex aeolicus or Tyt1 of Fusobacterium nucleatum renders substrate binding and/or transport Cl(-) dependent. We reasoned that the negative charge--provided either by Cl(-) or by the transporter itself--is required for substrate translocation. Here we show that Tyt1 reconstituted in proteoliposomes is strictly dependent on the Na(+) gradient and is stimulated by an inside negative membrane potential and by an inversely oriented proton gradient. Notably, Na(+)/substrate symport elicited H(+) efflux, indicative of Na(+)/substrate symport-coupled H(+) antiport. Mutations that render the transport phenotype Cl(-) dependent essentially abolish the pH dependence. We propose unifying features of charge balance by all NSS members with similar mechanistic features but different molecular solutions.	0
Abstract2class: Crystal structure of group II intron domain 1 reveals a template for RNA assembly Abstract: Although the importance of large noncoding RNAs is increasingly appreciated, our understanding of their structures and architectural dynamics remains limited. In particular, we know little about RNA folding intermediates and how they facilitate the productive assembly of RNA tertiary structures. Here, we report the crystal structure of an obligate intermediate that is required during the earliest stages of group II intron folding. Composed of domain 1 from the Oceanobacillus iheyensis group II intron (266 nucleotides), this intermediate retains native-like features but adopts a compact conformation in which the active site cleft is closed. Transition between this closed and the open (native) conformation is achieved through discrete rotations of hinge motifs in two regions of the molecule. The open state is then stabilized by sequential docking of downstream intron domains, suggesting a 'first come, first folded' strategy that may represent a generalizable pathway for assembly of large RNA and ribonucleoprotein structures.	0
Abstract2class: An excited state underlies gene regulation of a transcriptional riboswitch Abstract: Riboswitches control gene expression through ligand-dependent structural rearrangements of the sensing aptamer domain. However, we found that the Bacillus cereus fluoride riboswitch aptamer adopts identical tertiary structures in solution with and without ligand. Using chemical-exchange saturation transfer (CEST) NMR spectroscopy, we revealed that the structured ligand-free aptamer transiently accesses a low-populated (∼1%) and short-lived (∼3 ms) excited conformational state that unravels a conserved 'linchpin' base pair to signal transcription termination. Upon fluoride binding, this highly localized, fleeting process is allosterically suppressed, which activates transcription. We demonstrated that this mechanism confers effective fluoride-dependent gene activation over a wide range of transcription rates, which is essential for robust toxicity responses across diverse cellular conditions. These results unveil a novel switching mechanism that employs ligand-dependent suppression of an aptamer excited state to coordinate regulatory conformational transitions rather than adopting distinct aptamer ground-state tertiary architectures, exemplifying a new mode of ligand-dependent RNA regulation.	0
Abstract2class: Cytosporone B is an agonist for nuclear orphan receptor Nur77 Abstract: Nuclear orphan receptor Nur77 has important roles in many biological processes. However, a physiological ligand for Nur77 has not been identified. Here, we report that the octaketide cytosporone B (Csn-B) is a naturally occurring agonist for Nur77. Csn-B specifically binds to the ligand-binding domain of Nur77 and stimulates Nur77-dependent transactivational activity towards target genes including Nr4a1 (Nur77) itself, which contains multiple consensus response elements allowing positive autoregulation in a Csn-B-dependent manner. Csn-B also elevates blood glucose levels in fasting C57 mice, an effect that is accompanied by induction of multiple genes involved in gluconeogenesis. These biological effects were not observed in Nur77-null (Nr4a1-/-) mice, which indicates that Csn-B regulates gluconeogenesis through Nur77. Moreover, Csn-B induced apoptosis and retarded xenograft tumor growth by inducing Nur77 expression, translocating Nur77 to mitochondria to cause cytochrome c release. Thus, Csn-B may represent a promising therapeutic drug for cancers and hypoglycemia, and it may also be useful as a reagent to increase understanding of Nur77 biological function.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of lysine succinylation as a new post-translational modification Abstract: Of the 20 ribosomally coded amino acid residues, lysine is the most frequently post-translationally modified, which has important functional and regulatory consequences. Here we report the identification and verification of a previously unreported form of protein post-translational modification (PTM): lysine succinylation. The succinyllysine residue was initially identified by mass spectrometry and protein sequence alignment. The identified succinyllysine peptides derived from in vivo proteins were verified by western blot analysis, in vivo labeling with isotopic succinate, MS/MS and HPLC coelution of their synthetic counterparts. We further show that lysine succinylation is evolutionarily conserved and that this PTM responds to different physiological conditions. Our study also implies that succinyl-CoA might be a cofactor for lysine succinylation. Given the apparent high abundance of lysine succinylation and the significant structural changes induced by this PTM, it is expected that lysine succinylation has important cellular functions.	0
Abstract2class: Identifying the functional contribution of the defatty-acylase activity of SIRT6 Abstract: Mammalian sirtuin 6 (SIRT6) exhibits many pivotal functions and multiple enzymatic activities, but the contribution of each activity to the various functions is unclear. We identified a SIRT6 mutant (G60A) that possesses efficient defatty-acylase activity but has substantially decreased deacetylase activity in vitro and no detectable deacetylase activity in cells. The G60A mutant has a decreased ability to bind NAD(+), but the presence of fatty-acyl lysine peptides restores NAD(+) binding, explaining the retention of the defatty-acylase activity. Using this mutant, we found that the defatty-acylase activity of SIRT6 regulates the secretion of numerous proteins. Notably, many ribosomal proteins were secreted via exosomes from Sirt6 knockout mouse embryonic fibroblasts, and these exosomes increased NIH 3T3 cell proliferation compared with control exosomes. Our data indicate that distinct activities of SIRT6 regulate different pathways and that the G60A mutant is a useful tool to study the contribution of defatty-acylase activity to SIRT6's various functions.	0
Abstract2class: Covalent targeting of remote cysteine residues to develop CDK12 and CDK13 inhibitors Abstract: Cyclin-dependent kinases 12 and 13 (CDK12 and CDK13) play critical roles in the regulation of gene transcription. However, the absence of CDK12 and CDK13 inhibitors has hindered the ability to investigate the consequences of their inhibition in healthy cells and cancer cells. Here we describe the rational design of a first-in-class CDK12 and CDK13 covalent inhibitor, THZ531. Co-crystallization of THZ531 with CDK12-cyclin K indicates that THZ531 irreversibly targets a cysteine located outside the kinase domain. THZ531 causes a loss of gene expression with concurrent loss of elongating and hyperphosphorylated RNA polymerase II. In particular, THZ531 substantially decreases the expression of DNA damage response genes and key super-enhancer-associated transcription factor genes. Coincident with transcriptional perturbation, THZ531 dramatically induced apoptotic cell death. Small molecules capable of specifically targeting CDK12 and CDK13 may thus help identify cancer subtypes that are particularly dependent on their kinase activities.	0
Abstract2class: Small-molecule inhibition of TLR8 through stabilization of its resting state Abstract: Endosomal Toll-like receptors (TLR3, TLR7, TLR8, and TLR9) are highly analogous sensors for various viral or bacterial RNA and DNA molecular patterns. Nonetheless, few small molecules can selectively modulate these TLRs. In this manuscript, we identified the first human TLR8-specific small-molecule antagonists via a novel inhibition mechanism. Crystal structures of two distinct TLR8-ligand complexes validated a unique binding site on the protein-protein interface of the TLR8 homodimer. Upon binding to this new site, the small-molecule ligands stabilize the preformed TLR8 dimer in its resting state, preventing activation. As a proof of concept of their therapeutic potential, we have demonstrated that these drug-like inhibitors are able to suppress TLR8-mediated proinflammatory signaling in various cell lines, human primary cells, and patient specimens. These results not only suggest a novel strategy for TLR inhibitor design, but also shed critical mechanistic insight into these clinically important immune receptors.	0
Abstract2class: Designed peptides that assemble into cross-α amyloid-like structures Abstract: Amyloids adopt 'cross-β' structures composed of long, twisted fibrils with β-strands running perpendicular to the fibril axis. Recently, a toxic peptide was proposed to form amyloid-like cross-α structures in solution, with a planar bilayer-like assembly observed in the crystal structure. Here we crystallographically characterize designed peptides that assemble into spiraling cross-α amyloid-like structures, which resemble twisted β-amyloid fibrils. The peptides form helical dimers, stabilized by packing of small and apolar residues, and the dimers further assemble into cross-α amyloid-like fibrils with superhelical pitches ranging from 170 Å to 200 Å. When a small residue that appeared critical for packing was converted to leucine, it resulted in structural rearrangement to a helical polymer. Fluorescently tagged versions of the designed peptides form puncta in mammalian cells, which recover from photobleaching with markedly different kinetics. These structural folds could be potentially useful for directing in vivo protein assemblies with predetermined spacing and stabilities.	0
Abstract2class: Radical-mediated enzymatic carbon chain fragmentation-recombination Abstract: The radical S-adenosylmethionine (S-AdoMet) superfamily contains thousands of proteins that catalyze highly diverse conversions, most of which are poorly understood, owing to a lack of information regarding chemical products and radical-dependent transformations. We here report that NosL, involved in forming the indole side ring of the thiopeptide nosiheptide (NOS), is a radical S-AdoMet 3-methyl-2-indolic acid (MIA) synthase. NosL catalyzed an unprecedented carbon chain reconstitution of L-tryptophan to give MIA, showing removal of the Cα-N unit and shift of the carboxylate to the indole ring. Dissection of the enzymatic process upon the identification of products and a putative glycyl intermediate uncovered a radical-mediated, unusual fragmentation-recombination reaction. This finding unveiled a key step in radical S-AdoMet enzyme-catalyzed structural rearrangements during complex biotransformations. Additionally, NosL tolerated fluorinated L-tryptophan as the substrate, allowing for production of a regiospecifically halogenated thiopeptide that has not been found among the more than 80 members of the naturally occurring thiopeptide family.	0
Abstract2class: CRISPR-Cas9 strategy for activation of silent Streptomyces biosynthetic gene clusters Abstract: Here we report an efficient CRISPR-Cas9 knock-in strategy to activate silent biosynthetic gene clusters (BGCs) in streptomycetes. We applied this one-step strategy to activate multiple BGCs of different classes in five Streptomyces species and triggered the production of unique metabolites, including a novel pentangular type II polyketide in Streptomyces viridochromogenes. This potentially scalable strategy complements existing activation approaches and facilitates discovery efforts to uncover new compounds with interesting bioactivities.	0
Abstract2class: Selective phosphorylation modulates the PIP2 sensitivity of the CaM-SK channel complex Abstract: Phosphatidylinositol bisphosphate (PIP2) regulates the activities of many membrane proteins, including ion channels, through direct interactions. However, the affinity of PIP2 is so high for some channel proteins that its physiological role as a modulator has been questioned. Here we show that PIP2 is a key cofactor for activation of small conductance Ca2+-activated potassium channels (SKs) by Ca(2+)-bound calmodulin (CaM). Removal of the endogenous PIP2 inhibits SKs. The PIP2-binding site resides at the interface of CaM and the SK C terminus. We further demonstrate that the affinity of PIP2 for its target proteins can be regulated by cellular signaling. Phosphorylation of CaM T79, located adjacent to the PIP2-binding site, by casein kinase 2 reduces the affinity of PIP2 for the CaM-SK channel complex by altering the dynamic interactions among amino acid residues surrounding the PIP2-binding site. This effect of CaM phosphorylation promotes greater channel inhibition by G protein-mediated hydrolysis of PIP2.	0
Abstract2class: Thymine DNA glycosylase specifically recognizes 5-carboxylcytosine-modified DNA Abstract: Human thymine DNA glycosylase (hTDG) efficiently excises 5-carboxylcytosine (5caC), a key oxidation product of 5-methylcytosine in genomic DNA, in a recently discovered cytosine demethylation pathway. We present here the crystal structures of the hTDG catalytic domain in complex with duplex DNA containing either 5caC or a fluorinated analog. These structures, together with biochemical and computational analyses, reveal that 5caC is specifically recognized in the active site of hTDG, supporting the role of TDG in mammalian 5-methylcytosine demethylation.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis of transfer between lipoproteins by cholesteryl ester transfer protein Abstract: Human cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) mediates the net transfer of cholesteryl ester mass from atheroprotective high-density lipoproteins to atherogenic low-density lipoproteins by an unknown mechanism. Delineating this mechanism would be an important step toward the rational design of new CETP inhibitors for treating cardiovascular diseases. Using EM, single-particle image processing and molecular dynamics simulation, we discovered that CETP bridges a ternary complex with its N-terminal β-barrel domain penetrating into high-density lipoproteins and its C-terminal domain interacting with low-density lipoprotein or very-low-density lipoprotein. In our mechanistic model, the CETP lipoprotein-interacting regions, which are highly mobile, form pores that connect to a hydrophobic central cavity, thereby forming a tunnel for transfer of neutral lipids from donor to acceptor lipoproteins. These new insights into CETP transfer provide a molecular basis for analyzing mechanisms for CETP inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis of nonribosomal peptide macrocyclization in fungi Abstract: Nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) in fungi biosynthesize important pharmaceutical compounds, including penicillin, cyclosporine and echinocandin. To understand the fungal strategy of forging the macrocyclic peptide linkage, we determined the crystal structures of the terminal condensation-like (CT) domain and the holo thiolation (T)-CT complex of Penicillium aethiopicum TqaA. The first, to our knowledge, structural depiction of the terminal module in a fungal NRPS provides a molecular blueprint for generating new macrocyclic peptide natural products.	0
Abstract2class: Competing charge transfer pathways at the photosystem II-electrode interface Abstract: The integration of the water-oxidation enzyme photosystem II (PSII) into electrodes allows the electrons extracted from water oxidation to be harnessed for enzyme characterization and to drive novel endergonic reactions. However, PSII continues to underperform in integrated photoelectrochemical systems despite extensive optimization efforts. Here we carried out protein-film photoelectrochemistry using spinach and Thermosynechococcus elongatus PSII, and we identified a competing charge transfer pathway at the enzyme-electrode interface that short-circuits the known water-oxidation pathway. This undesirable pathway occurs as a result of photo-induced O2 reduction occurring at the chlorophyll pigments and is promoted by the embedment of PSII in an electron-conducting fullerene matrix, a common strategy for enzyme immobilization. Anaerobicity helps to recover the PSII photoresponse and unmasks the onset potentials relating to the QA/QB charge transfer process. These findings impart a fuller understanding of the charge transfer pathways within PSII and at photosystem-electrode interfaces, which will lead to more rational design of pigment-containing photoelectrodes in general.	0
Abstract2class: Optogenetic control of kinetochore function Abstract: Kinetochores act as hubs for multiple activities during cell division, including microtubule interactions and spindle checkpoint signaling. Each kinetochore can act autonomously, and activities change rapidly as proteins are recruited to, or removed from, kinetochores. Understanding this dynamic system requires tools that can manipulate kinetochores on biologically relevant temporal and spatial scales. Optogenetic approaches have the potential to provide temporal and spatial control with molecular specificity. Here we report new chemical inducers of protein dimerization that allow us to both recruit proteins to and release them from kinetochores using light. We use these dimerizers to manipulate checkpoint signaling and molecular motor activity. Our findings demonstrate specialized properties of the CENP-E (kinesin-7) motor for directional chromosome transport to the spindle equator and for maintenance of metaphase alignment. This work establishes a foundation for optogenetic control of kinetochore function, which is broadly applicable to experimental probing of other dynamic cellular processes.	0
Abstract2class: The Arabidopsis O-fucosyltransferase SPINDLY activates nuclear growth repressor DELLA Abstract: Plant development requires coordination among complex signaling networks to enhance the plant's adaptation to changing environments. DELLAs, transcription regulators originally identified as repressors of phytohormone gibberellin signaling, play a central role in integrating multiple signaling activities via direct protein interactions with key transcription factors. Here, we found that DELLA is mono-O-fucosylated by the novel O-fucosyltransferase SPINDLY (SPY) in Arabidopsis thaliana. O-fucosylation activates DELLA by promoting its interaction with key regulators in brassinosteroid- and light-signaling pathways, including BRASSINAZOLE-RESISTANT1 (BZR1), PHYTOCHROME-INTERACTING-FACTOR3 (PIF3) and PIF4. Moreover, spy mutants displayed elevated responses to gibberellin and brassinosteroid, and increased expression of common target genes of DELLAs, BZR1 and PIFs. Our study revealed that SPY-dependent protein O-fucosylation plays a key role in regulating plant development. This finding may have broader importance because SPY orthologs are conserved in prokaryotes and eukaryotes, thus suggesting that intracellular O-fucosylation may regulate a wide range of biological processes in diverse organisms.	0
Abstract2class: An APC/C inhibitor stabilizes cyclin B1 by prematurely terminating ubiquitination Abstract: The anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome (APC) is a ubiquitin ligase that is required for exit from mitosis. We previously showed that tosyl arginine methyl ester (TAME) inhibits APC-dependent proteolysis by competing with the C-terminal isoleucine-arginine tail of the APC activator cell division cycle 20 (Cdc20) for APC binding. Here we show that in the absence of APC substrates, TAME ejects Cdc20 from the APC by promoting Cdc20 autoubiquitination in its N-terminal region. Cyclin B1 antagonizes TAME's effect by promoting binding of free Cdc20 to the APC and by suppressing Cdc20 autoubiquitination. Nevertheless, TAME stabilizes cyclin B1 in Xenopus extracts by two mechanisms. First, it reduces the k(cat) of the APC-Cdc20-cyclin B1 complex without affecting the K(m), slowing the initial ubiquitination of unmodified cyclin B1. Second, as cyclin B1 becomes ubiquitinated, it loses its ability to promote Cdc20 binding to the APC in the presence of TAME. As a result, cyclin B1 ubiquitination terminates before reaching the threshold necessary for proteolysis.	0
Abstract2class: A de novo peptide hexamer with a mutable channel Abstract: The design of new proteins that expand the repertoire of natural protein structures represents a formidable challenge. Success in this area would increase understanding of protein structure and present new scaffolds that could be exploited in biotechnology and synthetic biology. Here we describe the design, characterization and X-ray crystal structure of a new coiled-coil protein. The de novo sequence forms a stand-alone, parallel, six-helix bundle with a channel running through it. Although lined exclusively by hydrophobic leucine and isoleucine side chains, the 6-Å channel is permeable to water. One layer of leucine residues within the channel is mutable, accepting polar aspartic acid and histidine side chains, which leads to subdivision and organization of solvent within the lumen. Moreover, these mutants can be combined to form a stable and unique (Asp-His)(3) heterohexamer. These new structures provide a basis for engineering de novo proteins with new functions.	0
Abstract2class: Dorsomorphin inhibits BMP signals required for embryogenesis and iron metabolism Abstract: Bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signals coordinate developmental patterning and have essential physiological roles in mature organisms. Here we describe the first known small-molecule inhibitor of BMP signaling-dorsomorphin, which we identified in a screen for compounds that perturb dorsoventral axis formation in zebrafish. We found that dorsomorphin selectively inhibits the BMP type I receptors ALK2, ALK3 and ALK6 and thus blocks BMP-mediated SMAD1/5/8 phosphorylation, target gene transcription and osteogenic differentiation. Using dorsomorphin, we examined the role of BMP signaling in iron homeostasis. In vitro, dorsomorphin inhibited BMP-, hemojuvelin- and interleukin 6-stimulated expression of the systemic iron regulator hepcidin, which suggests that BMP receptors regulate hepcidin induction by all of these stimuli. In vivo, systemic challenge with iron rapidly induced SMAD1/5/8 phosphorylation and hepcidin expression in the liver, whereas treatment with dorsomorphin blocked SMAD1/5/8 phosphorylation, normalized hepcidin expression and increased serum iron levels. These findings suggest an essential physiological role for hepatic BMP signaling in iron-hepcidin homeostasis.	0
Abstract2class: Mussel protein adhesion depends on interprotein thiol-mediated redox modulation Abstract: Mussel adhesion is mediated by foot proteins (mfps) rich in a catecholic amino acid, 3,4-dihydroxyphenylalanine (dopa), capable of forming strong bidentate interactions with a variety of surfaces. A tendency toward facile auto-oxidation, however, often renders dopa unreliable for adhesion. We demonstrate that mussels limit dopa oxidation during adhesive plaque formation by imposing an acidic, reducing regime based on the thiol-rich mfp-6, which restores dopa by coupling the oxidation of thiols to dopaquinone reduction.	0
Abstract2class: Structural analysis of Notch-regulating Rumi reveals basis for pathogenic mutations Abstract: Rumi O-glucosylates the EGF repeats of a growing list of proteins essential in metazoan development, including Notch. Rumi is essential for Notch signaling, and Rumi dysregulation is linked to several human diseases. Despite Rumi's critical roles, it is unknown how Rumi glucosylates a serine of many but not all EGF repeats. Here we report crystal structures of Drosophila Rumi as binary and ternary complexes with a folded EGF repeat and/or donor substrates. These structures provide insights into the catalytic mechanism and show that Rumi recognizes structural signatures of the EGF motif, the U-shaped consensus sequence, C-X-S-X-(P/A)-C and a conserved hydrophobic region. We found that five Rumi mutations identified in cancers and Dowling-Degos disease are clustered around the enzyme active site and adversely affect its activity. Our study suggests that loss of Rumi activity may underlie these diseases, and the mechanistic insights may facilitate the development of modulators of Notch signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Notch-modifying xylosyltransferase structures support an SNi-like retaining mechanism Abstract: A major question remaining in glycobiology is how a glycosyltransferase (GT) that retains the anomeric linkage of a sugar catalyzes the reaction. Xyloside α-1,3-xylosyltransferase (XXYLT1) is a retaining GT that regulates Notch receptor activation by adding xylose to the Notch extracellular domain. Here, using natural acceptor and donor substrates and active Mus musculus XXYLT1, we report a series of crystallographic snapshots along the reaction, including an unprecedented natural and competent Michaelis reaction complex for retaining enzymes. These structures strongly support the SNi-like reaction as the retaining mechanism for XXYLT1. Unexpectedly, the epidermal growth factor-like repeat acceptor substrate undergoes a large conformational change upon binding to the active site, providing a structural basis for substrate specificity. Our improved understanding of this retaining enzyme will accelerate the design of retaining GT inhibitors that can modulate Notch activity in pathological situations in which Notch dysregulation is known to cause cancer or developmental disorders.	0
Abstract2class: Light-induced nuclear export reveals rapid dynamics of epigenetic modifications Abstract: We engineered a photoactivatable system for rapidly and reversibly exporting proteins from the nucleus by embedding a nuclear export signal in the LOV2 domain from phototropin 1. Fusing the chromatin modifier Bre1 to the photoswitch, we achieved light-dependent control of histone H2B monoubiquitylation in yeast, revealing fast turnover of the ubiquitin mark. Moreover, this inducible system allowed us to dynamically monitor the status of epigenetic modifications dependent on H2B ubiquitylation.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptional regulation by small RNAs at sequences downstream from 3' gene termini Abstract: Transcriptome studies reveal many noncoding transcripts overlapping 3' gene termini. The function of these transcripts is unknown. Here we have characterized transcription at the progesterone receptor (PR) locus and identified noncoding transcripts that overlap the 3' end of the gene. Small RNAs complementary to sequences beyond the 3' terminus of PR mRNA modulated expression of PR, recruited argonaute 2 to a 3' noncoding transcript, altered occupancy of RNA polymerase II, induced chromatin changes at the PR promoter and affected responses to physiological stimuli. We found that the promoter and 3' terminal regions of the PR locus are in close proximity, providing a potential mechanism for RNA-mediated control of transcription over long genomic distances. These results extend the potential for small RNAs to regulate transcription to target sequences beyond the 3' termini of mRNA.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic mapping of targets mediating differential chemical phenotypes in Plasmodium falciparum Abstract: Studies of gene function and molecular mechanisms in Plasmodium falciparum are hampered by difficulties in characterizing and measuring phenotypic differences between individual parasites. We screened seven parasite lines for differences in responses to 1,279 bioactive chemicals. Hundreds of compounds were active in inhibiting parasite growth; 607 differential chemical phenotypes, defined as pairwise IC(50) differences of fivefold or more between parasite lines, were cataloged. We mapped major determinants for three differential chemical phenotypes between the parents of a genetic cross, and we identified target genes by fine mapping and testing the responses of parasites in which candidate genes were genetically replaced with mutant alleles. Differential sensitivity to dihydroergotamine methanesulfonate (1), a serotonin receptor antagonist, was mapped to a gene encoding the homolog of human P-glycoprotein (PfPgh-1). This study identifies new leads for antimalarial drugs and demonstrates the utility of a high-throughput chemical genomic strategy for studying malaria traits.	0
Abstract2class: A quantitative assay for assessing the effects of DNA lesions on transcription Abstract: Most mammalian cells in nature are quiescent but actively transcribing mRNA for normal physiological processes; thus, it is important to investigate how endogenous and exogenous DNA damage compromises transcription in cells. Here we describe a new competitive transcription and adduct bypass (CTAB) assay to determine the effects of DNA lesions on the fidelity and efficiency of transcription. Using this strategy, we demonstrate that the oxidatively induced lesions 8,5'-cyclo-2'-deoxyadenosine (cdA) and 8,5'-cyclo-2'-deoxyguanosine (cdG) and the methylglyoxal-induced lesion N(2)-(1-carboxyethyl)-2'-deoxyguanosine (N(2)-CEdG) strongly inhibited transcription in vitro and in mammalian cells. In addition, cdA and cdG, but not N(2)-CEdG, induced transcriptional mutagenesis in vitro and in vivo. Furthermore, when located on the template DNA strand, all examined lesions were primarily repaired by transcription-coupled nucleotide excision repair in mammalian cells. This newly developed CTAB assay should be generally applicable for quantitatively assessing how other DNA lesions affect DNA transcription in vitro and in cells.	0
Abstract2class: Palmitoylome profiling reveals S-palmitoylation-dependent antiviral activity of IFITM3 Abstract: Identification of immune effectors and the post-translational modifications that control their activity is essential for dissecting mechanisms of immunity. Here we demonstrate that the antiviral activity of interferon-induced transmembrane protein 3 (IFITM3) is post-translationally regulated by S-palmitoylation. Large-scale profiling of palmitoylated proteins in a dendritic cell line using a chemical reporter strategy revealed over 150 lipid-modified proteins with diverse cellular functions, including innate immunity. We discovered that S-palmitoylation of IFITM3 on membrane-proximal cysteines controls its clustering in membrane compartments and its antiviral activity against influenza virus. The sites of S-palmitoylation are highly conserved among the IFITM family of proteins in vertebrates, which suggests that S-palmitoylation of these immune effectors may be an ancient post-translational modification that is crucial for host resistance to viral infections. The S-palmitoylation and clustering of IFITM3 will be important for elucidating its mechanism of action and for the design of antiviral therapeutics.	0
Abstract2class: A propofol binding site on mammalian GABAA receptors identified by photolabeling Abstract: Propofol is the most important intravenous general anesthetic in current clinical use. It acts by potentiating GABAA (γ-aminobutyric acid type A) receptors, but where it binds to this receptor is not known and has been a matter of some debate. We synthesized a new propofol analog photolabeling reagent whose biological activity is very similar to that of propofol. We confirmed that this reagent labeled known propofol binding sites in human serum albumin that have been identified using X-ray crystallography. Using a combination of protiated and deuterated versions of the reagent to label mammalian receptors in intact membranes, we identified a new binding site for propofol in GABAA receptors consisting of both β3 homopentamers and α1β3 heteropentamers. The binding site is located within the β subunit at the interface between the transmembrane domains and the extracellular domain and lies close to known determinants of anesthetic sensitivity in the transmembrane segments TM1 and TM2.	0
Abstract2class: Partial DNA-guided Cas9 enables genome editing with reduced off-target activity Abstract: CRISPR-Cas9 is a versatile RNA-guided genome editing tool. Here we demonstrate that partial replacement of RNA nucleotides with DNA nucleotides in CRISPR RNA (crRNA) enables efficient gene editing in human cells. This strategy of partial DNA replacement retains on-target activity when used with both crRNA and sgRNA, as well as with multiple guide sequences. Partial DNA replacement also works for crRNA of Cpf1, another CRISPR system. We find that partial DNA replacement in the guide sequence significantly reduces off-target genome editing through focused analysis of off-target cleavage, measurement of mismatch tolerance and genome-wide profiling of off-target sites. Using the structure of the Cas9-sgRNA complex as a guide, the majority of the 3' end of crRNA can be replaced with DNA nucleotide, and the 5 - and 3'-DNA-replaced crRNA enables efficient genome editing. Cas9 guided by a DNA-RNA chimera may provide a generalized strategy to reduce both the cost and the off-target genome editing in human cells.	0
Abstract2class: FTIR analysis of GPCR activation using azido probes Abstract: We demonstrate the site-directed incorporation of an IR-active amino acid, p-azido-L-phenylalanine (azidoF, 1), into the G protein-coupled receptor rhodopsin using amber codon suppression technology. The antisymmetric stretch vibration of the azido group absorbs at approximately 2,100 cm(-1) in a clear spectral window and is sensitive to its electrostatic environment. We used FTIR difference spectroscopy to monitor the azido probe and show that the electrostatic environments of specific interhelical networks change during receptor activation.	0
Abstract2class: Cardiac glycosides are potent inhibitors of interferon-β gene expression Abstract: Here we report that bufalin and other cardiac glycoside inhibitors of the sodium-potassium ATPase (sodium pump) potently inhibit the induction of the interferon-β (IFNβ) gene by virus, double-stranded RNA or double-stranded DNA. Cardiac glycosides increase the intracellular sodium concentration, which appears to inhibit the ATPase activity of the RNA sensor RIG-I, an essential and early component in the IFNβ activation pathway. This, in turn, prevents the activation of the critical transcription factors IRF3 and NFκB. Bufalin inhibition can be overcome by expressing a drug-resistant variant of the sodium pump and knocking down the pump by short hairpin RNA inhibits IFNβ expression. Thus, bufalin acts exclusively through the sodium pump. We also show that bufalin inhibits tumor necrosis factor (TNF) signaling, at least in part by interfering with the nuclear translocation of NFκB. These findings suggest that bufalin could be used to treat inflammatory and autoimmune diseases in which IFN or TNF are hyperactivated.	0
Abstract2class: Discovering chemical modifiers of oncogene-regulated hematopoietic differentiation Abstract: It has been proposed that inhibitors of an oncogene's effects on multipotent hematopoietic progenitor cell differentiation may change the properties of the leukemic stem cells and complement the clinical use of cytotoxic drugs. Using zebrafish, we developed a robust in vivo hematopoietic differentiation assay that reflects the activity of the oncogene AML1-ETO. Screening for modifiers of AML1-ETO-mediated hematopoietic dysregulation uncovered unexpected roles of COX-2- and beta-catenin-dependent pathways in AML1-ETO function. This approach may open doors for developing therapeutics targeting oncogene function within leukemic stem cells.	0
Abstract2class: The identification of cutin synthase: formation of the plant polyester cutin Abstract: A hydrophobic cuticle consisting of waxes and the polyester cutin covers the aerial epidermis of all land plants, providing essential protection from desiccation and other stresses. We have determined the enzymatic basis of cutin polymerization through characterization of a tomato extracellular acyltransferase, CD1, and its substrate, 2-mono(10,16-dihydroxyhexadecanoyl)glycerol. CD1 has in vitro polyester synthesis activity and is required for cutin accumulation in vivo, indicating that it is a cutin synthase.	0
Abstract2class: Application guide for omics approaches to cell signaling Abstract: Research in signal transduction aims to identify the functions of different signaling pathways in physiological and pathological states. Traditional techniques using biochemical, genetic or cell biological approaches have made important contributions to our understanding of cellular signaling. However, the single-gene approach does not take into account the full complexity of cell signaling. With the availability of omics techniques, great progress has been made in understanding signaling networks. Omics approaches can be classified into two categories: 'molecular profiling', including genomic, proteomic, post-translational modification and interactome profiling; and 'molecular perturbation', including genetic and functional perturbations.	0
Abstract2class: Estimation of the available free energy in a LOV2-J alpha photoswitch Abstract: Protein photosensors are versatile tools for studying ligand-regulated allostery and signaling. Fundamental to these processes is the amount of energy that can be provided by a photosensor to control downstream signaling events. Such regulation is exemplified by the phototropins--plant serine/threonine kinases that are activated by blue light via conserved LOV (light, oxygen and voltage) domains. The core photosensor of oat phototropin 1 is a LOV domain that interacts in a light-dependent fashion with an adjacent alpha-helix (J alpha) to control kinase activity. We used solution NMR measurements to quantify the free energy of the LOV domain-J alpha-helix binding equilibrium in the dark and lit states. These data indicate that light shifts this equilibrium by approximately 3.8 kcal mol(-1), thus quantifying the energy available through LOV-J alpha for light-driven allosteric regulation. This study provides insight into the energetics of light sensing by phototropins and benchmark values for engineering photoswitchable systems based on the LOV-J alpha interaction.	0
Abstract2class: Extracellular redox modulation by regulatory T cells Abstract: We demonstrate that the mechanism of redox remodeling during mouse T-cell activation involves secretion of glutathione by dendritic cells and its subsequent cleavage to cysteine. Extracellular cysteine accumulation results in a lower redox potential, which is conducive to proliferation, and changes the net redox status of exofacial protein domains. Regulatory T cells inhibit this redox metabolite signaling pathway, which represents a previously unrecognized mechanism for immunosuppression of effector T cells.	0
Abstract2class: Purinyl-cobamide is a native prosthetic group of reductive dehalogenases Abstract: Cobamides such as vitamin B12 are structurally conserved, cobalt-containing tetrapyrrole biomolecules that have essential biochemical functions in all domains of life. In organohalide respiration, a vital biological process for the global cycling of natural and anthropogenic organohalogens, cobamides are the requisite prosthetic groups for carbon-halogen bond-cleaving reductive dehalogenases. This study reports the biosynthesis of a new cobamide with unsubstituted purine as the lower base and assigns unsubstituted purine a biological function by demonstrating that Coα-purinyl-cobamide (purinyl-Cba) is the native prosthetic group in catalytically active tetrachloroethene reductive dehalogenases of Desulfitobacterium hafniense. Cobamides featuring different lower bases are not functionally equivalent, and purinyl-Cba elicits different physiological responses in corrinoid-auxotrophic, organohalide-respiring bacteria. Given that cobamide-dependent enzymes catalyze key steps in essential metabolic pathways, the discovery of a novel cobamide structure and the realization that lower bases can effectively modulate enzyme activities generate opportunities to manipulate functionalities of microbiomes.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis of 7SK RNA 5'-γ-phosphate methylation and retention by MePCE Abstract: Among RNA 5'-cap structures, γ-phosphate monomethylation is unique to a small subset of noncoding RNAs, 7SK and U6 in humans. 7SK is capped by methylphosphate capping enzyme (MePCE), which has a second nonenzymatic role as a core component of the 7SK ribonuclear protein (RNP), an essential regulator of RNA transcription. We report 2.0- and 2.1-Å X-ray crystal structures of the human MePCE methyltransferase domain bound to S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) and uncapped or capped 7SK substrates, respectively. 7SK recognition is achieved by protein contacts to a 5'-hairpin-single-stranded RNA region, thus explaining MePCE's specificity for 7SK and U6. The structures reveal SAH and product RNA in a near-transition-state geometry. Unexpectedly, binding experiments showed that MePCE has higher affinity for capped versus uncapped 7SK, and kinetic data support a model of slow product release. This work reveals the molecular mechanism of methyl transfer and 7SK retention by MePCE for subsequent assembly of 7SK RNP.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of suitable reference genes for real-time PCR analysis of statin-treated human umbilical vein endothelial cells Abstract: Proper data normalization in quantitative real-time reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) is of critical importance for reliable mRNA expression analysis. Due to a diversity in putative reference genes expression stability in different in vitro models, a validation of an internal control gene should be made for each particular tissue or cell type and every specific experimental design. A few approaches have been proposed for reference gene selection, including pair-wise comparison approach and model-based approach. In this article we have assessed the expression stability of eight putative reference genes: ACTB, B2M, GADD45A, GAPDH, HPRT1, PES1, PSMC4, YWHAZ, in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) treated with different statins and with TNF-α. The analysis was performed with three reference gene validation programs: geNorm, NormFinder and BestKeeper. We have shown that hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase 1 gene (HPRT1) and tyrosine 3-monooxygenase/tryptophan 5-monooxygenase activation protein, zeta polypeptide gene (YWHAZ) are the most stably expressed genes among the analyzed ones. Furthermore, our results show that β-actin gene (ACTB) is downregulated by statins and thus should not be used as a normalizing gene in a discussed experimental setup. A ranking of candidate reference genes stability values is provided and might serve as a valuable guide for future gene expression studies in endothelial cells. This is the first report on reference gene selection for RT-qPCR applications in statin-treated HUVEC model.	0
Abstract2class: Application of a simulation model to the prognosis of material loss in wood processing Abstract: The article discusses the influence of a sample size on the credibility of a simulation model created for the estimation of material loss in the production of a middle layer of a wooden floorboard. The study was conducted in a production company operating in the wood processing industry. Geometric characteristics of input material were captured and used to derive statistical distributions, which were then included in the simulation model. The conducted experiments indicated that the quality of the simulation model was significantly affected by the quality and quantity of the sample, on the basis of which the stochastic model is estimated. It was shown that small sample for wood processing data was insufficient to capture process variability. On the other hand, excessive sample size (80 or more observations) for the material with high natural geometric variability, involves taking into account outliers, which may lower the overall prognostic quality of the simulation model. Based on the conducted simulation experiments, the recommended sample size which allows development of a reliable model for estimation of material loss in the analyzed manufacturing process, ranges from 40 to 60 measurements.	0
Abstract2class: Spectral homogeneity of human platelets investigated by SERS Abstract: This paper describes a detailed study of the spectral homogeneity of human platelets using Surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS). We used a combined approach based on multivariate methods as principal component analysis and pair correlation algorithms to investigate platelets spectral properties. The correlation coefficients for each sample have been calculated, and the average coefficient of determination has been estimated. The high degree of spectral homogeneity inside one probe and between them has been revealed. The prospects of obtained results usage for pathologies based on platelet conformations during cardiovascular diseases have been demonstrated.	0
Abstract2class: Finding differentially expressed sRNA-Seq regions with srnadiff Abstract: Small RNAs (sRNAs) encompass a great variety of molecules of different kinds, such as microRNAs, small interfering RNAs, Piwi-associated RNA, among others. These sRNAs have a wide range of activities, which include gene regulation, protection against virus, transposable element silencing, and have been identified as a key actor in determining the development of the cell. Small RNA sequencing is thus routinely used to assess the expression of the diversity of sRNAs, usually in the context of differentially expression, where two conditions are compared. Tools that detect differentially expressed microRNAs are numerous, because microRNAs are well documented, and the associated genes are well defined. However, tools are lacking to detect other types of sRNAs, which are less studied, and whose precursor RNA is not well characterized. We present here a new method, called srnadiff, which finds all kinds of differentially expressed sRNAs. To the extent of our knowledge, srnadiff is the first tool that detects differentially expressed sRNAs without the use of external information, such as genomic annotation or additional sequences of sRNAs.	0
Abstract2class: mmannot: How to improve small-RNA annotation? Abstract: High-throughput sequencing makes it possible to provide the genome-wide distribution of small non coding RNAs in a single experiment, and contributed greatly to the identification and understanding of these RNAs in the last decade. Small non coding RNAs gather a wide collection of classes, such as microRNAs, tRNA-derived fragments, small nucleolar RNAs and small nuclear RNAs, to name a few. As usual in RNA-seq studies, the sequencing step is followed by a feature quantification step: when a genome is available, the reads are aligned to the genome, their genomic positions are compared to the already available annotations, and the corresponding features are quantified. However, problem arises when many reads map at several positions and while different strategies exist to circumvent this problem, all of them are biased. In this article, we present a new strategy that compares all the reads that map at several positions, and their annotations when available. In many cases, all the hits co-localize with the same feature annotation (a duplicated miRNA or a duplicated gene, for instance). When different annotations exist for a given read, we propose to merge existing features and provide the counts for the merged features. This new strategy has been implemented in a tool, mmannot, freely available at https://github.com/mzytnicki/mmannot.	0
Abstract2class: S-MART, a software toolbox to aid RNA-Seq data analysis Abstract: High-throughput sequencing is now routinely performed in many experiments. But the analysis of the millions of sequences generated, is often beyond the expertise of the wet labs who have no personnel specializing in bioinformatics. Whereas several tools are now available to map high-throughput sequencing data on a genome, few of these can extract biological knowledge from the mapped reads. We have developed a toolbox called S-MART, which handles mapped RNA-Seq data. S-MART is an intuitive and lightweight tool which performs many of the tasks usually required for the analysis of mapped RNA-Seq reads. S-MART does not require any computer science background and thus can be used by all of the biologist community through a graphical interface. S-MART can run on any personal computer, yielding results within an hour even for Gb of data for most queries. S-MART may perform the entire analysis of the mapped reads, without any need for other ad hoc scripts. With this tool, biologists can easily perform most of the analyses on their computer for their RNA-Seq data, from the mapped data to the discovery of important loci.	0
Abstract2class: Modulation of the growth and metabolic response of cyanobacteria by the multifaceted activity of naringenin Abstract: The interactions between the plant-derived bioflavonoid, naringenin, and prokaryotic microalgae representatives (cyanobacteria), were investigated with respect to its influence on the growth and metabolic response of these microorganisms. To achieve reliable results, the growth of cyanobacteria was determined based on measurements of chlorophyll content, morphological changes were assessed through microscopic observations, and the chemical response of cells was determined using liquid and gas chromatography (HPLC; GC-FID). The results show that micromolar levels of naringenin stimulated the growth of cyanobacteria. Increased growth was observed for halophilic strains at naringenin concentrations below 40 mg L-1, and in freshwater strains at concentrations below 20 mg L-1. The most remarkable stimulation was observed for the freshwater species Nostoc muscorum, which had a growth rate that was up to 60% higher than in the control. When naringenin was examined at concentrations above 40 mg L-1, the growth of the tested microorganisms was inhibited. Simultaneously, an intensive excretion of exopolysaccharides was observed. Microscopic observations strongly suggest that these effects resulted from a structural disturbance of cyanobacterial cell walls that was exerted by naringenin. This phenomenon, in combination with the absorption of naringenin into cell wall structures, influenced cell permeability and thus the growth of bacteria. Fortunately, almost all the naringenin added to the culture was incorporated into to cell substructures and could be recovered through extraction, raising the possibility that this modulator could be recycled.	0
Abstract2class: Protective effects of voltage-gated calcium channel antagonists against zinc toxicity in SN56 neuroblastoma cholinergic cells Abstract: One of the pathological site effects in excitotoxic activation is Zn2+ overload to postsynaptic neurons. Such an effect is considered to be equivalent to the glutamate component of excitotoxicity. Excessive uptake of Zn2+ by active voltage-dependent transport systems in these neurons may lead to significant neurotoxicity. The aim of this study was to investigate whether and which antagonists of the voltage gated calcium channels (VGCC) might modify this Zn2+-induced neurotoxicity in neuronal cells. Our data demonstrates that depolarized SN56 neuronal cells may take up large amounts of Zn2+ and store these in cytoplasmic and mitochondrial sub-fractions. The mitochondrial Zn2+ excess suppressed pyruvate uptake and oxidation. Such suppression was caused by inhibition of pyruvate dehydrogenase complex, aconitase and NADP-isocitrate dehydrogenase activities, resulting in the yielding of acetyl-CoA and ATP shortages. Moreover, incoming Zn2+ increased both oxidized glutathione and malondialdehyde levels, known parameters of oxidative stress. In depolarized SN56 cells, nifedipine treatment (L-type VGCC antagonist) reduced Zn2+ uptake and oxidative stress. The treatment applied prevented the activities of PDHC, aconitase and NADP-IDH enzymes, and also yielded the maintenance of acetyl-CoA and ATP levels. Apart from suppression of oxidative stress, N- and P/Q-type VGCCs presented a similar, but weaker protective influence. In conclusion, our data shows that in the course of excitotoxity, impairment to calcium homeostasis is tightly linked with an excessive neuronal Zn2+ uptake. Hence, the VGCCs types L, N and P/Q share responsibility for neuronal Zn2+ overload followed by significant energy-dependent neurotoxicity. Moreover, Zn2+ affects the target tricarboxylic acid cycle enzymes, yields acetyl-CoA and energy deficits as well.	0
Abstract2class: Skeletal muscle expression of the adhesion-GPCR CD97: CD97 deletion induces an abnormal structure of the sarcoplasmatic reticulum but does not impair skeletal muscle function Abstract: CD97 is a widely expressed adhesion class G-protein-coupled receptor (aGPCR). Here, we investigated the presence of CD97 in normal and malignant human skeletal muscle as well as the ultrastructural and functional consequences of CD97 deficiency in mice. In normal human skeletal muscle, CD97 was expressed at the peripheral sarcolemma of all myofibers, as revealed by immunostaining of tissue sections and surface labeling of single myocytes using flow cytometry. In muscle cross-sections, an intracellular polygonal, honeycomb-like CD97-staining pattern, typical for molecules located in the T-tubule or sarcoplasmatic reticulum (SR), was additionally found. CD97 co-localized with SR Ca2+-ATPase (SERCA), a constituent of the longitudinal SR, but not with the receptors for dihydropyridine (DHPR) or ryanodine (RYR), located in the T-tubule and terminal SR, respectively. Intracellular expression of CD97 was higher in slow-twitch compared to most fast-twitch myofibers. In rhabdomyosarcomas, CD97 was strongly upregulated and in part more N-glycosylated compared to normal skeletal muscle. All tumors were strongly CD97-positive, independent of the underlying histological subtype, suggesting high sensitivity of CD97 for this tumor. Ultrastructural analysis of murine skeletal myofibers confirmed the location of CD97 in the SR. CD97 knock-out mice had a dilated SR, resulting in a partial increase in triad diameter yet not affecting the T-tubule, sarcomeric, and mitochondrial structure. Despite these obvious ultrastructural changes, intracellular Ca2+ release from single myofibers, force generation and fatigability of isolated soleus muscles, and wheel-running capacity of mice were not affected by the lack of CD97. We conclude that CD97 is located in the SR and at the peripheral sarcolemma of human and murine skeletal muscle, where its absence affects the structure of the SR without impairing skeletal muscle function.	0
Abstract2class: The association of genetic markers for type 2 diabetes with prediabetic status - cross-sectional data of a diabetes prevention trial Abstract: Objective:                       To investigate the association of risk alleles for type 2 diabetes with prediabetes accounting for age, anthropometry, inflammatory markers and lifestyle habits.                  Design:                       Cross-sectional study of 129 men and 157 women of medium-sized companies in northern Germany in the Delay of Impaired Glucose Tolerance by a Healthy Lifestyle Trial (DELIGHT).                  Methods:                       Besides established risk factors, 41 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that have previously been found to be associated with type 2 diabetes were analyzed. As a nonparametric test a random forest approach was used that allows processing of a large number of predictors. Variables with the highest impact were entered into a multivariate logistic regression model to estimate their association with prediabetes.                  Results:                       Individuals with prediabetes were characterized by a slightly, but significantly higher number of type 2 diabetes risk alleles (42.5±4.1 vs. 41.3±4.1, p = 0.013). After adjustment for age and waist circumference 6 SNPs with the highest impact in the random forest analysis were associated with risk for prediabetes in a logistic regression model. At least 5 of these SNPs were positively related to prediabetic status (odds ratio for prediabetes 1.57 per allele (Cl 1.21-2.10, p = 0.001)).                  Conclusions:                       This explorative analysis of data of DELIGHT demonstrates that at least 6 out of 41 genetic variants characteristic of individuals with type 2 diabetes may also be associated with prediabetes. Accumulation of these risk alleles may markedly increase the risk for prediabetes. However, prospective studies are required to corroborate these findings and to demonstrate the predictive value of these genetic variants for the risk to develop prediabetes.	0
Abstract2class: Biophysical Mechanistic Modelling Quantifies the Effects of Plant Traits on Fire Severity: Species, Not Surface Fuel Loads, Determine Flame Dimensions in Eucalypt Forests Abstract: The influence of plant traits on forest fire behaviour has evolutionary, ecological and management implications, but is poorly understood and frequently discounted. We use a process model to quantify that influence and provide validation in a diverse range of eucalypt forests burnt under varying conditions. Measured height of consumption was compared to heights predicted using a surface fuel fire behaviour model, then key aspects of our model were sequentially added to this with and without species-specific information. Our fully specified model had a mean absolute error 3.8 times smaller than the otherwise identical surface fuel model (p < 0.01), and correctly predicted the height of larger (≥1 m) flames 12 times more often (p < 0.001). We conclude that the primary endogenous drivers of fire severity are the species of plants present rather than the surface fuel load, and demonstrate the accuracy and versatility of the model for quantifying this.	0
Abstract2class: Hydrologic variability governs population dynamics of a vulnerable amphibian in an arid environment Abstract: Dynamics of many amphibian populations are governed by the distribution and availability of water. Therefore, understanding the hydrological mechanisms that explain spatial and temporal variation in occupancy and abundance will improve our ability to conserve and recover populations of vulnerable amphibians. We used 16 years of survey data from intermittent mountain streams in the Sonoran Desert to evaluate how availability of surface water affected survival and adult recruitment of a threatened amphibian, the lowland leopard frog (Lithobates yavapaiensis). Across the entire study period, monthly survival of adults ranged from 0.72 to 0.99 during summer and 0.59 to 0.94 during winter and increased with availability of surface water (Z = 7.66; P < 0.01). Recruitment of frogs into the adult age class occurred primarily during winter and ranged from 1.9 to 3.8 individuals/season/pool; like survival, recruitment increased with availability of surface water (Z = 3.67; P < 0.01). Although abundance of frogs varied across seasons and years, we found no evidence of a systematic trend during the 16-year study period. Given the strong influence of surface water on population dynamics of leopard frogs, conservation of many riparian obligates in this and similar arid regions likely depends critically on minimizing threats to structures and ecosystem processes that maintain surface waters. Understanding the influence of surface-water availability on riparian organisms is particularly important because climate change is likely to decrease precipitation and increase ambient temperatures in desert riparian systems, both of which have the potential to alter fundamentally the hydrology of these systems.	0
Abstract2class: Cholinergic plasticity of oscillating neuronal assemblies in mouse hippocampal slices Abstract: The mammalian hippocampus expresses several types of network oscillations which entrain neurons into transiently stable assemblies. These groups of co-active neurons are believed to support the formation, consolidation and recall of context-dependent memories. Formation of new assemblies occurs during theta- and gamma-oscillations under conditions of high cholinergic activity. Memory consolidation is linked to sharp wave-ripple oscillations (SPW-R) during decreased cholinergic tone. We hypothesized that increased cholinergic tone supports plastic changes of assemblies while low cholinergic tone favors their stability. Coherent spatiotemporal network patterns were measured during SPW-R activity in mouse hippocampal slices. We compared neuronal activity within the oscillating assemblies before and after a transient phase of carbachol-induced gamma oscillations. Single units maintained their coupling to SPW-R throughout the experiment and could be re-identified after the transient phase of gamma oscillations. However, the frequency of SPW-R-related unit firing was enhanced after muscarinic stimulation. At the network level, these changes resulted in altered patterns of extracellularly recorded SPW-R waveforms. In contrast, recording of ongoing SPW-R activity without intermittent cholinergic stimulation revealed remarkably stable repetitive activation of assemblies. These results show that activation of cholinergic receptors induces plasticity at the level of oscillating hippocampal assemblies, in line with the different role of gamma- and SPW-R network activity for memory formation and -consolidation, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Developing a national birth cohort for child health research using a hospital admissions database in England: The impact of changes to data collection practices Abstract: Background:                       National birth cohorts derived from administrative health databases constitute unique resources for child health research due to whole country coverage, ongoing follow-up and linkage to other data sources. In England, a national birth cohort can be developed using Hospital Episode Statistics (HES), an administrative database covering details of all publicly funded hospital activity, including 97% of births, with longitudinal follow-up via linkage to hospital and mortality records. We present methods for developing a national birth cohort using HES and assess the impact of changes to data collection over time on coverage and completeness of linked follow-up records for children.                  Methods:                       We developed a national cohort of singleton live births in 1998-2015, with information on key risk factors at birth (birth weight, gestational age, maternal age, ethnicity, area-level deprivation). We identified three changes to data collection, which could affect linkage of births to follow-up records: (1) the introduction of the "NHS Numbers for Babies (NN4B)", an on-line system which enabled maternity staff to request a unique healthcare patient identifier (NHS number) immediately at birth rather than at civil registration, in Q4 2002; (2) the introduction of additional data quality checks at civil registration in Q3 2009; and (3) correcting a postcode extraction error for births by the data provider in Q2 2013. We evaluated the impact of these changes on trends in two outcomes in infancy: hospital readmissions after birth (using interrupted time series analyses) and mortality rates (compared to published national statistics).                  Results:                       The cohort covered 10,653,998 babies, accounting for 96% of singleton live births in England in 1998-2015. Overall, 2,077,929 infants (19.5%) had at least one hospital readmission after birth. Readmission rates declined by 0.2% percentage points per annual quarter in Q1 1998 to Q3 2002, shifted up by 6.1% percentage points (compared to the expected value based on the trend before Q4 2002) to 17.7% in Q4 2002 when NN4B was introduced, and increased by 0.1% percentage points per annual quarter thereafter. Infant mortality rates were under-reported by 16% for births in 1998-2002 and similar to published national mortality statistics for births in 2003-2015. The trends in infant readmission were not affected by changes to data collection practices in Q3 2009 and Q2 2013, but the proportion of unlinked mortality records in HES and in ONS further declined after 2009.                  Discussion:                       HES can be used to develop a national birth cohort for child health research with follow-up via linkage to hospital and mortality records for children born from 2003 onwards. Re-linking births before 2003 to their follow-up records would maximise potential benefits of this rich resource, enabling studies of outcomes in adolescents with over 20 years of follow-up.	0
Abstract2class: Polyphyly of the extinct family Oviparosiphidae and its implications for inferring aphid evolution (Hemiptera, Sternorrhyncha) Abstract: Aphidoidea, the so-called "true aphids" are one of the most challenging groups in terms of solving the phylogenetic relationships. Morphology-based analyses were strongly affected by widespread homoplasy, while the molecular-based attempts struggled with the lack of sufficient phylogenetic signal. Despite significant improvements, the higher classification still remains unresolved and rather controversial. However, the use of the fossil record, one of the most valuable sources of information, was mainly limited to calibration of a phylogenetic tree, without a direct inclusion into the analysis. The extinct family Oviparosiphidae has long been considered as the common ancestor of all recent Aphidoidea and it was used as a calibration point in several analyses, but it has been never analyzed in a phylogenetic context. The family has been treated as a monophyletic group purely based on the simultaneous presence of two abdominal structures, ovipositor and siphunculi. However, it has been shown recently that at least one more extinct lineage, present at the same time, was characterized by the same features. For these reasons, we performed a maximum parsimony analysis using morphological data for extinct aphid taxa to prove the monophyly of Oviparosiphidae. Our analysis shows that the presumed ancestor lineage of recent aphids is a polyphyletic group. Our results support the hypothesis of an early Mesozoic rapid radiation of aphids, which led to several different lineages characterized by both ovipositor and siphunculi. The results indicate the necessity of examining the other extinct families, and shows that the diversity of aphids before the Cretaceous Terrestrial Revolution (KTR) was higher than expected. Even though there is not enough data to perform a formal analysis, fossils seem to suggest a significant impact of the KTR on aphid diversification. Additionally, we have made a redescription of two genera and description of a new species, Vitimaphis subridens sp. nov.	0
Abstract2class: Renal Dnase1 enzyme activity and protein expression is selectively shut down in murine and human membranoproliferative lupus nephritis Abstract: Background:                       Deposition of chromatin-IgG complexes within glomerular membranes is a key event in the pathogenesis of lupus nephritis. We recently reported an acquired loss of renal Dnase1 expression linked to transformation from mild to severe membranoproliferative lupus nephritis in (NZBxNZW)F1 mice. As this may represent a basic mechanism in the progression of lupus nephritis, several aspects of Dnase1 expression in lupus nephritis were analyzed.                  Methodology/principal findings:                       Total nuclease activity and Dnase1 expression and activity was evaluated using in situ and in vitro analyses of kidneys and sera from (NZBxNZW)F1 mice of different ages, and from age-matched healthy controls. Immunofluorescence staining for Dnase1 was performed on kidney biopsies from (NZBxNZW)F1 mice as well as from human SLE patients and controls. Reduced serum Dnase1 activity was observed in both mesangial and end-stage lupus nephritis. A selective reduction in renal Dnase1 activity was seen in mice with massive deposition of chromatin-containing immune complexes in glomerular capillary walls. Mice with mild mesangial nephritis showed normal renal Dnase1 activity. Similar differences were seen when comparing human kidneys with severe and mild lupus nephritis. Dnase1 was diffusely expressed within the kidney in normal and mildly affected kidneys, whereas upon progression towards end-stage renal disease, Dnase1 was down-regulated in all renal compartments. This demonstrates that the changes associated with development of severe nephritis in the murine model are also relevant to human lupus nephritis.                  Conclusions/significance:                       Reduction in renal Dnase1 expression and activity is limited to mice and SLE patients with signs of membranoproliferative nephritis, and may be a critical event in the development of severe forms of lupus nephritis. Reduced Dnase1 activity reflects loss in the expression of the protein and not inhibition of enzyme activity.	0
Abstract2class: Monoacylglycerols activate TRPV1--a link between phospholipase C and TRPV1 Abstract: Phospholipase C-mediated hydrolysis of phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate generates diacylglycerol, inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate and protons, all of which can regulate TRPV1 activity via different mechanisms. Here we explored the possibility that the diacylglycerol metabolites 2-arachidonoylglycerol and 1-arachidonoylglycerol, and not metabolites of these monoacylglycerols, activate TRPV1 and contribute to this signaling cascade. 2-Arachidonoylglycerol and 1-arachidonoylglycerol activated native TRPV1 on vascular sensory nerve fibers and heterologously expressed TRPV1 in whole cells and inside-out membrane patches. The monoacylglycerol lipase inhibitors methylarachidonoyl-fluorophosphonate and JZL184 prevented the metabolism of deuterium-labeled 2-arachidonoylglycerol and deuterium-labeled 1-arachidonoylglycerol in arterial homogenates, and enhanced TRPV1-mediated vasodilator responses to both monoacylglycerols. In mesenteric arteries from TRPV1 knock-out mice, vasodilator responses to 2-arachidonoylglycerol were minor. Bradykinin and adenosine triphosphate, ligands of phospholipase C-coupled membrane receptors, increased the content of 2-arachidonoylglycerol in dorsal root ganglia. In HEK293 cells expressing the phospholipase C-coupled histamine H1 receptor, exposure to histamine stimulated the formation of 2-AG, and this effect was augmented in the presence of JZL184. These effects were prevented by the diacylglycerol lipase inhibitor tetrahydrolipstatin. Histamine induced large whole cell currents in HEK293 cells co-expressing TRPV1 and the histamine H1 receptor, and the TRPV1 antagonist capsazepine abolished these currents. JZL184 increased the histamine-induced currents and tetrahydrolipstatin prevented this effect. The calcineurin inhibitor ciclosporin and the endogenous "entourage" compound palmitoylethanolamide potentiated the vasodilator response to 2-arachidonoylglycerol, disclosing TRPV1 activation of this monoacylglycerol at nanomolar concentrations. Furthermore, intracerebroventricular injection of JZL184 produced TRPV1-dependent antinociception in the mouse formalin test. Our results show that intact 2-arachidonoylglycerol and 1-arachidonoylglycerol are endogenous TRPV1 activators, contributing to phospholipase C-dependent TRPV1 channel activation and TRPV1-mediated antinociceptive signaling in the brain.	0
Abstract2class: NKT cell stimulation with α-galactosylceramide results in a block of Th17 differentiation after intranasal immunization in mice Abstract: In a previous study we demonstrated that intranasal (i.n.) vaccination promotes a Th17 biased immune response. Here, we show that co-administration of a pegylated derivative of α-galactosylceramide (αGCPEG) with an antigen, even in the presence of Th17-polarizing compounds, results in a strong blocking of Th17 differentiation. Additional studies demonstrated that this phenomenon is specifically dependent on soluble factors, like IL-4 and IFNγ, which are produced by NKT cells. Even NK1.1 negative NKT cells, which by themselves produce IL-17A, are able to block Th17 differentiation. It follows that the use of αGCPEG as adjuvant would enable to tailor Th17 responses, according to the specific clinical needs. This knowledge expands our understanding of the role played by NKT cells in overall control of the cytokine microenvironment, as well as in the overall shaping of adaptive immune responses.	0
Abstract2class: Peritoneal cavity is dominated by IFNγ-secreting CXCR3+ Th1 cells Abstract: The chemokine receptor CXCR3, which was shown to take part in many inflammatory processes, is considered as a Th1 specific marker. Here, we show in a mouse model that CXCR3 expressing CD4(+) cells preferentially migrate to the peritoneal cavity under steady-state conditions. The peritoneal cavity milieu leads to an up-regulated expression of CXCR3. However, blocking of known ligands of this chemokine receptor did not alter the preferential migration. The peritoneal cavity environment also results in an increased percentage of memory cells producing cytokines. Up-regulation of IFNγ production occurs mostly in CXCR3(+) cells considered as Th1, whereas the up-regulation of IL-4 affects mostly in CXCR3(-) cells which are considered as Th2. We conclude that the peritoneal cavity does not change the Th-lineage of the cells, but that domination of this anatomic niche by Th1 cells rather results from preferential migration to this compartment.	0
Abstract2class: Quercetin affects uterine smooth muscle contractile activity in gilts Abstract: Quercetin is a polyphenolic flavonoid occurring in leaves, stems, flowers and fruits of many plants. In traditional Chinese medicine, it is used as a natural therapeutic agent with a broad spectrum of activities (antioxidant, neuroprotective, anti-inflammatory, anticancer, antibacterial and antiviral). Moreover, quercetin affects function of the reproductive tract, however the knowledge of this activity is still fragmentary. Therefore, this study aimed to determine the influence of quercetin on the contractile activity of the porcine myometrium collected from immature (n = 6), cyclic (n = 6) and early pregnant (n = 6) gilts. Strips of the myometrium (comprising longitudinal and circular layer) were resected from the middle part of the uterine horns and the isometric contractions were recorded. After 60-90 min of preincubation, the strips were stimulated with quercetin in increasing (10-13-10-1 M) concentrations and the changes in the tension amplitude and frequency of contractions were measured. Quercetin decreased (P<0.01-0.001) the amplitude of contractions at concentrations 10-11-10-1 M and 10-10-10-1 M in cyclic and early pregnant groups, respectively. The frequency of contractions decreased in all groups but was the highest (at concentrations 10-11-10-1 M; P<0.05-0.001) in the cyclic group and the lowest (at concentrations 10-5-10-1 M; P<0.01) in the immature group. The tension decreased only in the cyclic group after quercetin administration in high concentrations (10-6-10-1 M; P<0.05-0.01). The results indicate that quercetin causes relaxation of the porcine uterine smooth muscle but this activity is strongly related to the physiological status of the gilts.	0
Abstract2class: Various mutations compensate for a deleterious lacZα insert in the replication enhancer of M13 bacteriophage Abstract: M13 and other members of the Ff class of filamentous bacteriophages have been extensively employed in myriad applications. The Ph.D. series of phage-displayed peptide libraries were constructed from the M13-based vector M13KE. As a direct descendent of M13mp19, M13KE contains the lacZα insert in the intergenic region between genes IV and II, where it interrupts the replication enhancer of the (+) strand origin. Phage carrying this 816-nucleotide insert are viable, but propagate in E. coli at a reduced rate compared to wild-type M13 phage, presumably due to a replication defect caused by the insert. We have previously reported thirteen compensatory mutations in the 5'-untranslated region of gene II, which encodes the replication initiator protein gIIp. Here we report several additional mutations in M13KE that restore a wild-type propagation rate. Several clones from constrained-loop variable peptide libraries were found to have ejected the majority of lacZα gene in order to reconstruct the replication enhancer, albeit with a small scar. In addition, new point mutations in the gene II 5'-untranslated region or the gene IV coding sequence have been spontaneously observed or synthetically engineered. Through phage propagation assays, we demonstrate that all these genetic modifications compensate for the replication defect in M13KE and restore the wild-type propagation rate. We discuss the mechanisms by which the insertion and ejection of the lacZα gene, as well as the mutations in the regulatory region of gene II, influence the efficiency of replication initiation at the (+) strand origin. We also examine the presence and relevance of fast-propagating mutants in phage-displayed peptide libraries.	0
Abstract2class: Translation of human Δ133p53 mRNA and its targeting by antisense oligonucleotides complementary to the 5'-terminal region of this mRNA Abstract: The p53 protein is expressed as at least twelve protein isoforms. Within intron 4 of the human TP53 gene, a P2 transcription initiation site is located and this transcript encodes two p53 isoforms: Δ133p53 and Δ160p53. Here, the secondary structure of the 5'-terminal region of P2-initiated mRNA was characterized by means of the SHAPE and Pb2+-induced cleavage methods and for the first time, a secondary structure model of this region was proposed. Surprisingly, only Δ133p53 isoform was synthetized in vitro from the P2-initiated p53 mRNA while translation from both initiation codons occurred after the transfection of vector-encoded model mRNA to HCT116 cells. Interestingly, translation performed in the presence of the cap analogue suggested that the cap-independent process contributes to the translation of P2-initiated p53 mRNA. Subsequently, several antisense oligonucleotides targeting the 5'-terminal region of P2-initiated p53 mRNA were designed. The selected oligomers were applied in in vitro translation assays as well as in cell lines and their impact on the Δ133p53 synthesis and on cell viability was investigated. The results show that these oligomers are attractive tools in the modulation of the translation of P2-initiated p53 mRNA through attacking the 5' terminus of the transcript. Since cell proliferation is also reduced by antisense oligomers that lower the level of Δ133p53, this demonstrates an involvement of this isoform in tumorigenesis.	0
Abstract2class: reGenotyper: Detecting mislabeled samples in genetic data Abstract: In high-throughput molecular profiling studies, genotype labels can be wrongly assigned at various experimental steps; the resulting mislabeled samples seriously reduce the power to detect the genetic basis of phenotypic variation. We have developed an approach to detect potential mislabeling, recover the "ideal" genotype and identify "best-matched" labels for mislabeled samples. On average, we identified 4% of samples as mislabeled in eight published datasets, highlighting the necessity of applying a "data cleaning" step before standard data analysis.	0
Abstract2class: Restricted expression of Epstein-Barr virus latent genes in murine B cells derived from embryonic stem cells Abstract: Background:                       Several human malignancies are associated with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV) and more than 95% of the adult human population carries this virus lifelong. EBV efficiently infects human B cells and persists in this cellular compartment latently. EBV-infected B cells become activated and growth transformed, express a characteristic set of viral latent genes, and acquire the status of proliferating lymphoblastoid cell lines in vitro. Because EBV infects only primate cells, it has not been possible to establish a model of infection in immunocompetent rodents. Such a model would be most desirable in order to study EBV's pathogenesis and latency in a suitable and amenable host.                  Methodology/principal findings:                       We stably introduced recombinant EBV genomes into mouse embryonic stem cells and induced their differentiation to B cells in vitro to develop the desired model. In vitro differentiated murine B cells maintained the EBV genomes but expression of viral genes was restricted to the latent membrane proteins (LMPs). In contrast to human B cells, EBV's nuclear antigens (EBNAs) were not expressed detectably and growth transformed murine B cells did not arise in vitro. Aberrant splicing and premature termination of EBNA mRNAs most likely prevented the expression of EBNA genes required for B-cell transformation.                  Conclusions/significance:                       Our findings indicate that fundamental differences in gene regulation between mouse and man might block the route towards a tractable murine model for EBV.	0
Abstract2class: Epigenetics of Epileptogenesis-Evoked Upregulation of Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 in Hippocampus Abstract: Enhanced levels of Matrix Metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) have been implicated in the pathogenesis of epilepsy in humans and rodents. Lack of Mmp-9 impoverishes, whereas excess of Mmp-9 facilitates epileptogenesis. Epigenetic mechanisms driving the epileptogenesis-related upregulation of MMP-9 expression are virtually unknown. The aim of this study was to reveal these mechanisms. We analyzed hippocampi extracted from adult and pediatric patients with temporal lobe epilepsy as well as from partially and fully pentylenetetrazole kindled rats. We used a unique approach to the analysis of the kindling model results (inclusion in the analysis of rats being during kindling, and not only a group of fully kindled animals), which allowed us to separate the molecular effects exerted by the epileptogenesis from those related to epilepsy and epileptic activity. Consequently, it allowed for a disclosure of molecular mechanisms underlying causes, and not consequences, of epilepsy. Our data show that the epileptogenesis-evoked upregulation of Mmp-9 expression is regulated by removal from Mmp-9 gene proximal promoter of the two, interweaved potent silencing mechanisms-DNA methylation and Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 (PRC2)-related repression. Demethylation depends on a gradual dissociation of the DNA methyltransferases, Dnmt3a and Dnmt3b, and on progressive association of the DNA demethylation promoting protein Gadd45β to Mmp-9 proximal gene promoter in vivo. The PRC2-related mechanism relies on dissociation of the repressive transcription factor YY1 and the dissipation of the PRC2-evoked trimethylation on Lys27 of the histone H3 from the proximal Mmp-9 promoter chromatin in vivo. Moreover, we show that the DNA hydroxymethylation, a new epigenetic DNA modification, which is localized predominantly in the gene promoters and is particularly abundant in the brain, is not involved in a regulation of MMP-9 expression during the epileptogenesis in the rat hippocampus as well as in the hippocampi of pediatric and adult epileptic patients. Additionally, we have also found that despite of its transient nature, the histone modification H3S10ph is strongly and gradually accumulated during epileptogenesis in the cell nuclei and in the proximal Mmp-9 gene promoter in the hippocampus, which suggests that H3S10ph can be involved in DNA demethylation in mammals, and not only in Neurospora. The study identifies MMP-9 as the first protein coding gene which expression is regulated by DNA methylation in human epilepsy. We present a detailed epigenetic model of the epileptogenesis-evoked upregulation of MMP-9 expression in the hippocampus. To our knowledge, it is the most complex and most detailed mechanism of epigenetic regulation of gene expression ever revealed for a particular gene in epileptogenesis. Our results also suggest for the first time that dysregulation of DNA methylation found in epilepsy is a cause rather than a consequence of this condition.	0
Abstract2class: Sorting signals, N-terminal modifications and abundance of the chloroplast proteome Abstract: Characterization of the chloroplast proteome is needed to understand the essential contribution of the chloroplast to plant growth and development. Here we present a large scale analysis by nanoLC-Q-TOF and nanoLC-LTQ-Orbitrap mass spectrometry (MS) of ten independent chloroplast preparations from Arabidopsis thaliana which unambiguously identified 1325 proteins. Novel proteins include various kinases and putative nucleotide binding proteins. Based on repeated and independent MS based protein identifications requiring multiple matched peptide sequences, as well as literature, 916 nuclear-encoded proteins were assigned with high confidence to the plastid, of which 86% had a predicted chloroplast transit peptide (cTP). The protein abundance of soluble stromal proteins was calculated from normalized spectral counts from LTQ-Obitrap analysis and was found to cover four orders of magnitude. Comparison to gel-based quantification demonstrates that 'spectral counting' can provide large scale protein quantification for Arabidopsis. This quantitative information was used to determine possible biases for protein targeting prediction by TargetP and also to understand the significance of protein contaminants. The abundance data for 550 stromal proteins was used to understand abundance of metabolic pathways and chloroplast processes. We highlight the abundance of 48 stromal proteins involved in post-translational proteome homeostasis (including aminopeptidases, proteases, deformylases, chaperones, protein sorting components) and discuss the biological implications. N-terminal modifications were identified for a subset of nuclear- and chloroplast-encoded proteins and a novel N-terminal acetylation motif was discovered. Analysis of cTPs and their cleavage sites of Arabidopsis chloroplast proteins, as well as their predicted rice homologues, identified new species-dependent features, which will facilitate improved subcellular localization prediction. No evidence was found for suggested targeting via the secretory system. This study provides the most comprehensive chloroplast proteome analysis to date and an expanded Plant Proteome Database (PPDB) in which all MS data are projected on identified gene models.	0
Abstract2class: Metaproteomics reveals potential mechanisms by which dietary resistant starch supplementation attenuates chronic kidney disease progression in rats Abstract: Background:                       Resistant starch is a prebiotic metabolized by the gut bacteria. It has been shown to attenuate chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression in rats. Previous studies employed taxonomic analysis using 16S rRNA sequencing and untargeted metabolomics profiling. Here we expand these studies by metaproteomics, gaining new insight into the host-microbiome interaction.                  Methods:                       Differences between cecum contents in CKD rats fed a diet containing resistant starch with those fed a diet containing digestible starch were examined by comparative metaproteomics analysis. Taxonomic information was obtained using unique protein sequences. Our methodology results in quantitative data covering both host and bacterial proteins.                  Results:                       5,834 proteins were quantified, with 947 proteins originating from the host organism. Taxonomic information derived from metaproteomics data surpassed previous 16S RNA analysis, and reached species resolutions for moderately abundant taxonomic groups. In particular, the Ruminococcaceae family becomes well resolved-with butyrate producers and amylolytic species such as R. bromii clearly visible and significantly higher while fibrolytic species such as R. flavefaciens are significantly lower with resistant starch feeding. The observed changes in protein patterns are consistent with fiber-associated improvement in CKD phenotype. Several known host CKD-associated proteins and biomarkers of impaired kidney function were significantly reduced with resistant starch supplementation. Data are available via ProteomeXchange with identifier PXD008845.                  Conclusions:                       Metaproteomics analysis of cecum contents of CKD rats with and without resistant starch supplementation reveals changes within gut microbiota at unprecedented resolution, providing both functional and taxonomic information. Proteins and organisms differentially abundant with RS supplementation point toward a shift from mucin degraders to butyrate producers.	0
Abstract2class: Frequency of human endogenous retroviral sequences (HERV) K113 and K115 in the Polish population, and their effect on HIV infection Abstract: Background:                       The human genome contains about 8% of endogenous retroviral sequences originated from germ cell infections by exogenous retroviruses during evolution. Most of those sequences are inactive because of accumulation of mutations but some of them are still capable to be transcribed and translated. The latter are insertionally polymorphic HERV-K113 and HERV-K115. It has been suggested that their presence and expression was connected with several human diseases. It is also believed that they could interfere with the replication cycle of exogenous retroviruses, including HIV.                  Results:                       Prevalence of endogenous retroviral sequences HERV-K113 and HERV-K115 was determined in the Polish population. The frequencies were found as 11.8% for HERV-K113 and 7.92% for HERV-K115. To verify the hypothesis that the presence of these HERVs sequences could affect susceptibility to HIV infection, comparison of a control group (HIV-negative, not exposed to HIV; n = 303) with HIV-positive patients (n = 470) and exposed but uninfected (EU) individuals (n = 121) was performed. Prevalence of HERV-K113 and HERV-K115 in the EU group was 8.26% and 5.71%, respectively. In the HIV(+) group we detected HERV-K113 sequences in 12.98% of the individuals and HERV-K115 sequences in 7.23% of the individuals. There were no statistically significant differences between groups studied.                  Conclusion:                       The frequency of HERV-K113 and HERV-K115 sequences in Poland were found to be higher than usually shown for European populations. No relation between presence of the HERVs and HIV infection was detected.	0
Abstract2class: Importance of Marine-Derived Nutrients Supplied by Planktivorous Seabirds to High Arctic Tundra Plant Communities Abstract: We studied the relative importance of several environmental factors for tundra plant communities in five locations across Svalbard (High Arctic) that differed in geographical location, oceanographic and climatic influence, and soil characteristics. The amount of marine-derived nitrogen in the soil supplied by seabirds was locally the most important of the studied environmental factors influencing the tundra plant community. We found a strong positive correlation between δ15N isotopic values and total N content in the soil, confirming the fundamental role of marine-derived matter to the generally nutrient-poor Arctic tundra ecosystem. We also recorded a strong correlation between the δ15N values of soil and of the tissues of vascular plants and mosses, but not of lichens. The relationship between soil δ15N values and vascular plant cover was linear. In the case of mosses, the percentage ground cover reached maximum around a soil δ 15N value of 8‰, as did plant community diversity. This soil δ15N value clearly separated the occurrence of plants with low nitrogen tolerance (e.g. Salix polaris) from those predominating on high N content soils (e.g. Cerastium arcticum, Poa alpina). Large colonies of planktivorous little auks have a great influence on Arctic tundra vegetation, either through enhancing plant abundance or in shaping plant community composition at a local scale.	0
Abstract2class: QFlow lite dataset: A machine-learning approach to the charge states in quantum dot experiments Abstract: Background:                       Over the past decade, machine learning techniques have revolutionized how research and science are done, from designing new materials and predicting their properties to data mining and analysis to assisting drug discovery to advancing cybersecurity. Recently, we added to this list by showing how a machine learning algorithm (a so-called learner) combined with an optimization routine can assist experimental efforts in the realm of tuning semiconductor quantum dot (QD) devices. Among other applications, semiconductor quantum dots are a candidate system for building quantum computers. In order to employ QDs, one needs to tune the devices into a desirable configuration suitable for quantum computing. While current experiments adjust the control parameters heuristically, such an approach does not scale with the increasing size of the quantum dot arrays required for even near-term quantum computing demonstrations. Establishing a reliable protocol for tuning QD devices that does not rely on the gross-scale heuristics developed by experimentalists is thus of great importance.                  Materials and methods:                       To implement the machine learning-based approach, we constructed a dataset of simulated QD device characteristics, such as the conductance and the charge sensor response versus the applied electrostatic gate voltages. The gate voltages are the experimental 'knobs' for tuning the device into useful regimes. Here, we describe the methodology for generating the dataset, as well as its validation in training convolutional neural networks.                  Results and discussion:                       From 200 training sets sampled randomly from the full dataset, we show that the learner's accuracy in recognizing the state of a device is ≈ 96.5% when using either current-based or charge-sensor-based training. The spread in accuracy over our 200 training sets is 0.5% and 1.8% for current- and charge-sensor-based data, respectively. In addition, we also introduce a tool that enables other researchers to use this approach for further research: QFlow lite-a Python-based mini-software suite that uses the dataset to train neural networks to recognize the state of a device and differentiate between states in experimental data. This work gives the definitive reference for the new dataset that will help enable researchers to use it in their experiments or to develop new machine learning approaches and concepts.	0
Abstract2class: Metformin Changes the Relationship between Blood Monocyte Toll-Like Receptor 4 Levels and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease-Ex Vivo Studies Abstract: Background:                       Toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4) contributes to the development of NAFLD (nonalcoholic fatty liver disease) and MetS (metabolic syndrome). It is unclear whether anti-diabetic metformin affects TLR4 expression on blood monocytes, thereby protecting or improving inflammatory parameters. Therefore, we investigated TLR4 in patients with NAFLD meeting different sets of MetS criteria and linked the results with the disease burden.                  Methods:                       70 subjects were characterized and divided into three groups: (I) healthy individuals, (II) nonobese with NAFLD and without MetS, and (III) prediabetic, obese with NAFLD and MetS. We determined the concentrations of IL-1β, IL-6, TNFα, and monocyte TLR4 levels in fresh blood as well as in blood cultures with or without metformin supplementation.                  Results:                       The characteristics of the study groups revealed a significant association between NAFLD and BMI, MetS and inflammatory parameters, and TLR4. In ex vivo studies, 100 μM of metformin decreased the TLR4 level by 19.9% (II group) or by 35% (III group) as well as IL-1β and TNFα production. A stepwise multiple regression analysis highlighted a strong effect of metformin on attenuation of the link between TLR4 and NAFLD, and TNFα.                  Conclusion:                       We concluded that, by attenuation of the blood monocyte TLR4 level, metformin reduced their inflammatory potential-critical after recruitment these cells into liver. However, this finding should be confirmed after in vivo metformin administration.	0
Abstract2class: Hyperreactivity of Blood Leukocytes in Patients with NAFLD to Ex Vivo Lipopolysaccharide Treatment Is Modulated by Metformin and Phosphatidylcholine but Not by Alpha Ketoglutarate Abstract: Introduction and aims:                       Toll-like receptor 4 and proinflammatory cytokines play a central role in the progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. We investigated IL-1, IL-6 and TNFα production and toll-like receptor 4 in both--obese and lean patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease who met different sets of metabolic syndrome criteria and linked the results with the disease burden.                  Materials and methods:                       95 subjects were divided into four groups depending on the following criteria: presence or absence of metabolic syndrome and/or non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, glucose tolerance (prediabetes or normoglycemia) and BMI value (obese or lean). We determined the levels of IL-1β, IL-6, TNFα, and monocyte toll-like receptor 4 expression in fresh blood as well as in blood cultures treated with lipopolysaccharide with or without metformin, alphaketoglutarate or phosphatidylcholine supplementation.                  Results:                       The blood leukocytes of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease are hypersensitive to lipopolysaccharide treatment and produce elevated levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines in response to ex vivo treatment with lipopolysaccharide. Moreover, they overexpress toll-like receptor-4. Hyperreactivity was typical mainly for obese patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease together with metabolic syndrome and decreased with the severity of disease. Metformin was the most effective in attenuation of hyperreactivity in all groups of patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, but in obese patients the effectiveness of metformin was weaker than in lean. The reduction of cytokine level by metformin was accompanied by the decrease in toll-like receptor-4 expression. phosphatidylcholine also attenuated hyperreactivity to lipopolysaccharide but mainly in obese patients. Alpha ketoglutarate did not modulate cytokines' level and toll-like receptor 4 expression in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease patients.                  Conclusions:                       Metformin and phosphatidylcholine attenuated lipopolysaccharide induced toll-like receptor 4 overexpression and overproduction of pro-inflammatory cytokines; however, their efficacy depended on combined presence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome and obesity.	0
Abstract2class: Seeing for speaking: Semantic and lexical information provided by briefly presented, naturalistic action scenes Abstract: At the interface between scene perception and speech production, we investigated how rapidly action scenes can activate semantic and lexical information. Experiment 1 examined how complex action-scene primes, presented for 150 ms, 100 ms, or 50 ms and subsequently masked, influenced the speed with which immediately following action-picture targets are named. Prime and target actions were either identical, showed the same action with different actors and environments, or were unrelated. Relative to unrelated primes, identical and same-action primes facilitated naming the target action, even when presented for 50 ms. In Experiment 2, neutral primes assessed the direction of effects. Identical and same-action scenes induced facilitation but unrelated actions induced interference. In Experiment 3, written verbs were used as targets for naming, preceded by action primes. When target verbs denoted the prime action, clear facilitation was obtained. In contrast, interference was observed when target verbs were phonologically similar, but otherwise unrelated, to the names of prime actions. This is clear evidence for word-form activation by masked action scenes. Masked action pictures thus provide conceptual information that is detailed enough to facilitate apprehension and naming of immediately following scenes. Masked actions even activate their word-form information-as is evident when targets are words. We thus show how language production can be primed with briefly flashed masked action scenes, in answer to long-standing questions in scene processing.	0
Abstract2class: Non-invasive assessment of coronary endothelial function in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus using isometric handgrip exercise-MRI: A feasibility study Abstract: Background:                       Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) in children and adolescents is associated with significant cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Early detection of vascular dysfunction is key to patient management yet current assessment techniques are invasive and not suitable for pediatric patient populations. A novel approach using isometric handgrip exercise during magnetic resonance imaging (IHE-MRI) has recently been developed to evaluate coronary endothelial function non-invasively in adults. This project aimed to assess endothelium-dependent coronary arterial response to IHE-MRI in children with T1DM and in age matched healthy controls.                  Materials and methods:                       Healthy volunteers and children with T1DM (>5 years) were recruited. IHE-MRI cross-sectional coronary artery area measurements were recorded at rest and under stress. Carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) and aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed for comparison. Student's t-tests were used to compare results between groups.                  Results and discussion:                       Seven children with T1DM (3 female, median 14.8 years, mean 14.8 ± 1.9 years) and 16 healthy controls (7 female, median 14.8 years, mean 14.2 ± 2.4 years) participated. A significant increase in stress-induced cross-sectional coronary area was measured in controls (5.4 mm2 at rest to 6.39 mm2 under stress, 18.8 ± 10.7%, p = 0.0004). In contrast, mean area change in patients with T1DM was not significant (7.17 mm2 at rest to 7.59 mm2 under stress, 10.5% ± 28.1%, p = n.s.). There was no significant difference in the results for neither PWV nor CIMT between patients and controls, (5.3±1.5 m/s vs.4.8±0.7 m/s and 0.4±0.03mm vs.0.46 mm ± 0.03 respectively, both p = n.s.).                  Conclusions:                       Our pilot study demonstrates the feasibility of using a totally non-invasive IHE-MRI technique in children and adolescents with and without T1DM. Preliminary results suggest a blunted endothelium-dependent coronary vasomotor function in children with T1DM (>5 years). Better knowledge and new methodologies may improve surveillance and care for T1DM patients to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.	0
Abstract2class: Sex-specific effect of CPB2 Ala147Thr but not Thr325Ile variants on the risk of venous thrombosis: A comprehensive meta-analysis Abstract: Background:                       Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI), encoded by the Carboxypeptidase B2 gene (CPB2), is an inhibitor of fibrinolysis and plays a role in the pathogenesis of venous thrombosis. Experimental findings support a functional role of genetic variants in CPB2, while epidemiological studies have been unable to confirm associations with risk of venous thrombosis. Sex-specific effects could underlie the observed inconsistent associations between CPB2 genetic variants and venous thrombosis.                  Methods:                       A comprehensive literature search was conducted for associations between Ala147Thr and Thr325Ile variants with venous thrombosis. Authors were contacted to provide sex-specific genotype counts from their studies. Combined and sex-specific random effects meta-analyses were used to estimate a pooled effect estimate for primary and secondary genetic models.                  Results:                       A total of 17 studies met the inclusion criteria. A sex-specific meta-analysis applying a dominant model supported a protective effect of Ala147Thr on venous thrombosis in females (OR = 0.81, 95%CI: 0.68,0.97; p = 0.018), but not in males (OR = 1.06, 95%CI:0.96-1.16; p = 0.263). The Thr325Ile did not show a sex-specific effect but showed variation in allele frequencies by geographic region. A subgroup analysis of studies in European countries showed decreased risk, with a recessive model (OR = 0.83, 95%CI:0.71-0.97, p = 0.021) for venous thrombosis.                  Conclusions:                       A comprehensive literature review, including unpublished data, provided greater statistical power for the analyses and decreased the likelihood of publication bias influencing the results. Sex-specific analyses explained apparent discrepancies across genetic studies of Ala147Thr and venous thrombosis. While, careful selection of genetic models based on population genetics, evolutionary and biological knowledge can increase power by decreasing the need to adjust for testing multiple models.	0
Abstract2class: In-vivo biodistribution and safety of 99mTc-LLP2A-HYNIC in canine non-Hodgkin lymphoma Abstract: Theranostic agents are critical for improving the diagnosis and treatment of non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL). The peptidomimetic LLP2A is a novel peptide receptor radiotherapy candidate for treating NHL that expresses the activated α4β1 integrin. Tumor-bearing dogs are an excellent model of human NHL with similar clinical characteristics, behavior, and compressed clinical course. Canine in vivo imaging studies will provide valuable biodistribution and affinity information that reflects a diverse clinical population of lymphoma. This may also help to determine potential dose-limiting radiotoxicity to organs in human clinical trials. To validate this construct in a naturally occurring model of NHL, we performed in-vivo molecular targeted imaging and biodistribution in 3 normal dogs and 5 NHL bearing dogs. (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC-PEG and (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC were successfully synthesized and had very good labeling efficiency and radiochemical purity. (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC and (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC-PEG had biodistribution in keeping with their molecular size, with (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC-PEG remaining longer in the circulation, having higher tissue uptake, and having more activity in the liver compared to (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC. (99m)Tc-LLP2A-HYNIC was mainly eliminated through the kidneys with some residual activity. Radioactivity was reduced to near-background levels at 6 hours after injection. In NHL dogs, tumor showed moderately increased activity over background, with tumor activity in B-cell lymphoma dogs decreasing after chemotherapy. This compound is promising in the development of targeted drug-delivery radiopharmaceuticals and may contribute to translational work in people affected by non-Hodgkin lymphoma.	0
Abstract2class: Pattern of tamoxifen-induced Tie2 deletion in endothelial cells in mature blood vessels using endo SCL-Cre-ERT transgenic mice Abstract: Tyrosine-protein kinase receptor Tie2, also known as Tunica interna Endothelial cell Kinase or TEK plays a prominent role in endothelial responses to angiogenic and inflammatory stimuli. Here we generated a novel inducible Tie2 knockout mouse model, which targets mature (micro)vascular endothelium, enabling the study of the organ-specific contribution of Tie2 to these responses. Mice with floxed Tie2 exon 9 alleles (Tie2floxed/floxed) were crossed with end-SCL-Cre-ERT transgenic mice, generating offspring in which Tie2 exon 9 is deleted in the endothelial compartment upon tamoxifen-induced activation of Cre-recombinase (Tie2ΔE9). Successful deletion of Tie2 exon 9 in kidney, lung, heart, aorta, and liver, was accompanied by a heterogeneous, organ-dependent reduction in Tie2 mRNA and protein expression. Microvascular compartment-specific reduction in Tie2 mRNA and protein occurred in arterioles of all studied organs, in renal glomeruli, and in lung capillaries. In kidney, lung, and heart, reduced Tie2 expression was accompanied by a reduction in Tie1 mRNA expression. The heterogeneous, organ- and microvascular compartment-dependent knockout pattern of Tie2 in the Tie2floxed/floxed;end-SCL-Cre-ERT mouse model suggests that future studies using similar knockout strategies should include a meticulous analysis of the knockout extent of the gene of interest, prior to studying its role in pathological conditions, so that proper conclusions can be drawn.	0
Abstract2class: Transforming RNA-Seq data to improve the performance of prognostic gene signatures Abstract: Gene expression measurements have successfully been used for building prognostic signatures, i.e for identifying a short list of important genes that can predict patient outcome. Mostly microarray measurements have been considered, and there is little advice available for building multivariable risk prediction models from RNA-Seq data. We specifically consider penalized regression techniques, such as the lasso and componentwise boosting, which can simultaneously consider all measurements and provide both, multivariable regression models for prediction and automated variable selection. However, they might be affected by the typical skewness, mean-variance-dependency or extreme values of RNA-Seq covariates and therefore could benefit from transformations of the latter. In an analytical part, we highlight preferential selection of covariates with large variances, which is problematic due to the mean-variance dependency of RNA-Seq data. In a simulation study, we compare different transformations of RNA-Seq data for potentially improving detection of important genes. Specifically, we consider standardization, the log transformation, a variance-stabilizing transformation, the Box-Cox transformation, and rank-based transformations. In addition, the prediction performance for real data from patients with kidney cancer and acute myeloid leukemia is considered. We show that signature size, identification performance, and prediction performance critically depend on the choice of a suitable transformation. Rank-based transformations perform well in all scenarios and can even outperform complex variance-stabilizing approaches. Generally, the results illustrate that the distribution and potential transformations of RNA-Seq data need to be considered as a critical step when building risk prediction models by penalized regression techniques.	0
Abstract2class: Changes in human fecal microbiota due to chemotherapy analyzed by TaqMan-PCR, 454 sequencing and PCR-DGGE fingerprinting Abstract: Background:                       We investigated whether chemotherapy with the presence or absence of antibiotics against different kinds of cancer changed the gastrointestinal microbiota.                  Methodology/principal findings:                       Feces of 17 ambulant patients receiving chemotherapy with or without concomitant antibiotics were analyzed before and after the chemotherapy cycle at four time points in comparison to 17 gender-, age- and lifestyle-matched healthy controls. We targeted 16S rRNA genes of all bacteria, Bacteroides, bifidobacteria, Clostridium cluster IV and XIVa as well as C. difficile with TaqMan qPCR, denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis (DGGE) fingerprinting and high-throughput sequencing. After a significant drop in the abundance of microbiota (p = 0.037) following a single treatment the microbiota recovered within a few days. The chemotherapeutical treatment marginally affected the Bacteroides while the Clostridium cluster IV and XIVa were significantly more sensitive to chemotherapy and antibiotic treatment. DGGE fingerprinting showed decreased diversity of Clostridium cluster IV and XIVa in response to chemotherapy with cluster IV diversity being particularly affected by antibiotics. The occurrence of C. difficile in three out of seventeen subjects was accompanied by a decrease in the genera Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus, Veillonella and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii. Enterococcus faecium increased following chemotherapy.                  Conclusions/significance:                       Despite high individual variations, these results suggest that the observed changes in the human gut microbiota may favor colonization with C. difficile and Enterococcus faecium. Perturbed microbiota may be a target for specific mitigation with safe pre- and probiotics.	0
Abstract2class: Genotyping of Bacillus cereus strains by microarray-based resequencing Abstract: The ability to distinguish microbial pathogens from closely related but nonpathogenic strains is key to understanding the population biology of these organisms. In this regard, Bacillus anthracis, the bacterium that causes inhalational anthrax, is of interest because it is closely related and often difficult to distinguish from other members of the B. cereus group that can cause diverse diseases. We employed custom-designed resequencing arrays (RAs) based on the genome sequence of Bacillus anthracis to generate 422 kb of genomic sequence from a panel of 41 Bacillus cereus sensu lato strains. Here we show that RAs represent a "one reaction" genotyping technology with the ability to discriminate between highly similar B. anthracis isolates and more divergent strains of the B. cereus s.l. Clade 1. Our data show that RAs can be an efficient genotyping technology for pre-screening the genetic diversity of large strain collections to selected the best candidates for whole genome sequencing.	0
Abstract2class: Resolving discrepancy between nucleotides and amino acids in deep-level arthropod phylogenomics: differentiating serine codons in 21-amino-acid models Abstract: Background:                       In a previous study of higher-level arthropod phylogeny, analyses of nucleotide sequences from 62 protein-coding nuclear genes for 80 panarthopod species yielded significantly higher bootstrap support for selected nodes than did amino acids. This study investigates the cause of that discrepancy.                  Methodology/principal findings:                       The hypothesis is tested that failure to distinguish the serine residues encoded by two disjunct clusters of codons (TCN, AGY) in amino acid analyses leads to this discrepancy. In one test, the two clusters of serine codons (Ser1, Ser2) are conceptually translated as separate amino acids. Analysis of the resulting 21-amino-acid data matrix shows striking increases in bootstrap support, in some cases matching that in nucleotide analyses. In a second approach, nucleotide and 20-amino-acid data sets are artificially altered through targeted deletions, modifications, and replacements, revealing the pivotal contributions of distinct Ser1 and Ser2 codons. We confirm that previous methods of coding nonsynonymous nucleotide change are robust and computationally efficient by introducing two new degeneracy coding methods. We demonstrate for degeneracy coding that neither compositional heterogeneity at the level of nucleotides nor codon usage bias between Ser1 and Ser2 clusters of codons (or their separately coded amino acids) is a major source of non-phylogenetic signal.                  Conclusions:                       The incongruity in support between amino-acid and nucleotide analyses of the forementioned arthropod data set is resolved by showing that "standard" 20-amino-acid analyses yield lower node support specifically when serine provides crucial signal. Separate coding of Ser1 and Ser2 residues yields support commensurate with that found by degenerated nucleotides, without introducing phylogenetic artifacts. While exclusion of all serine data leads to reduced support for serine-sensitive nodes, these nodes are still recovered in the ML topology, indicating that the enhanced signal from Ser1 and Ser2 is not qualitatively different from that of the other amino acids.	0
Abstract2class: Th17 micro-milieu regulates NLRP1-dependent caspase-5 activity in skin autoinflammation Abstract: IL-1β is a potent player in cutaneous inflammation and central for the development of a Th17 micro-milieu in autoinflammatory diseases including psoriasis. Its production is controlled at the transcriptional level and by subsequent posttranslational processing via inflammatory caspases. In this study, we detected inflammatory caspase-5 active in epidermal keratinocytes and in psoriatic skin lesions. Further, interferon-γ and interleukin-17A synergistically induced caspase-5 expression in cultured keratinocytes, which was dependent on the antimicrobial peptide psoriasin (S100A7). However, diseases-relevant triggers for caspase-5 activity and IL-1β production remain unknown. Recently, extranuclear DNA has been identified as danger-signals abundant in the psoriatic epidermis. Here, we could demonstrate that cytosolic double-stranded (ds) DNA transfected into keratinocytes triggered the activation of caspase-5 and the release of IL-1β. Further, interleukin-17A promoted caspase-5 function via facilitation of the NLRP1-inflammasome. Anti-inflammatory vitamin D interfered with the IL-1β release and suppressed caspase-5 in keratinocytes and in psoriatic skin lesions. Our data link the disease-intrinsic danger signals psoriasin (S100A7) and dsDNA for NLPR1-dependent caspase-5 activity in psoriasis providing potential therapeutic targets in Th17-mediated skin autoinflammation.	0
Abstract2class: Receptor-Type Protein-Tyrosine Phosphatase ζ and Colony Stimulating Factor-1 Receptor in the Intestine: Cellular Expression and Cytokine- and Chemokine Responses by Interleukin-34 and Colony Stimulating Factor-1 Abstract: Differential intestinal expression of the macrophage growth factors colony stimulating factor-1 (CSF-1), interleukin (IL)-34, and their shared CSF-1 receptor (CSF-1R) in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) has been shown. Diverse expression between CSF-1 and IL-34, suggest that IL-34 may signal via an alternate receptor. Receptor-type protein-tyrosine phosphatase ζ (PTPRZ1, RPTP-ζ), an additional IL-34 receptor, was recently identified. Here, we aimed to assess PTPRZ1 expression in IBD and non-IBD intestinal biopsies. Further, we aimed to investigate cellular PTPRZ1 and CSF-1R expression, and cytokine- and chemokine responses by IL-34 and CSF-1. The expression of PTPRZ1 was higher in non-IBD colon compared to ileum. PTPRZ1 expression was not altered with inflammation in IBD, however, correlated to IL34, CSF1, and CSF1R. The expression patterns of PTPRZ1 and CSF-1R differed in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs), monocytes, macrophages, and intestinal epithelial cell line. PBMCs and monocytes of the same donors responded differently to IL-34 and CSF-1 with altered expression of tumor-necrosis factor α (TNF-α), IL-1β, interferon γ (IFN-γ), IL-13, IL-8, and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1) levels. This study shows that PTPRZ1 was expressed in bowel tissue. Furthermore, CSF-1R protein was detected in an intestinal epithelial cell line and donor dependently in primary PBMCs, monocytes, and macrophages, and first hints also suggest an expression in these cells for PTPRZ1, which may mediate IL-34 and CSF-1 actions.	0
Abstract2class: Normalized Neural Representations of Complex Odors Abstract: The olfactory system removes correlations in natural odors using a network of inhibitory neurons in the olfactory bulb. It has been proposed that this network integrates the response from all olfactory receptors and inhibits them equally. However, how such global inhibition influences the neural representations of odors is unclear. Here, we study a simple statistical model of the processing in the olfactory bulb, which leads to concentration-invariant, sparse representations of the odor composition. We show that the inhibition strength can be tuned to obtain sparse representations that are still useful to discriminate odors that vary in relative concentration, size, and composition. The model reveals two generic consequences of global inhibition: (i) odors with many molecular species are more difficult to discriminate and (ii) receptor arrays with heterogeneous sensitivities perform badly. Comparing these predictions to experiments will help us to understand the role of global inhibition in shaping normalized odor representations in the olfactory bulb.	0
Abstract2class: N-acylated peptides derived from human lactoferricin perturb organization of cardiolipin and phosphatidylethanolamine in cell membranes and induce defects in Escherichia coli cell division Abstract: Two types of recently described antibacterial peptides derived from human lactoferricin, either nonacylated or N-acylated, were studied for their different interaction with membranes of Escherichia coli in vivo and in model systems. Electron microscopy revealed striking effects on the bacterial membrane as both peptide types induced formation of large membrane blebs. Electron and fluorescence microscopy, however demonstrated that only the N-acylated peptides partially induced the generation of oversized cells, which might reflect defects in cell-division. Further a different distribution of cardiolipin domains on the E. coli membrane was shown only in the presence of the N-acylated peptides. The lipid was distributed over the whole bacterial cell surface, whereas cardiolipin in untreated and nonacylated peptide-treated cells was mainly located at the septum and poles. Studies with bacterial membrane mimics, such as cardiolipin or phosphatidylethanolamine revealed that both types of peptides interacted with the negatively charged lipid cardiolipin. The nonacylated peptides however induced segregation of cardiolipin into peptide-enriched and peptide-poor lipid domains, while the N-acylated peptides promoted formation of many small heterogeneous domains. Only N-acylated peptides caused additional severe effects on the main phase transition of liposomes composed of pure phosphatidylethanolamine, while both peptide types inhibited the lamellar to hexagonal phase transition. Lipid mixtures of phosphatidylethanolamine and cardiolipin revealed anionic clustering by all peptide types. However additional strong perturbation of the neutral lipids was only seen with the N-acylated peptides. Nuclear magnetic resonance demonstrated different conformational arrangement of the N-acylated peptide in anionic and zwitterionic micelles revealing possible mechanistic differences in their action on different membrane lipids. We hypothesized that both peptides kill bacteria by interacting with bacterial membrane lipids but only N-acylated peptides interact with both charged cardiolipin and zwitterionic phosphatidylethanolamine resulting in remodeling of the natural phospholipid domains in the E. coli membrane that leads to defects in cell division.	0
Abstract2class: Competition between a Lawn-Forming Cynodon dactylon and a Tufted Grass Species Hyparrhenia hirta on a South-African Dystrophic Savanna Abstract: South African savanna grasslands are often characterised by indigestible tufted grass species whereas lawn grasses are far more desirable in terms of herbivore sustenance. We aimed to investigate the role of nutrients and/or the disturbance (grazing, trampling) by herbivores on the formation of grazing lawns. We conducted a series of common garden experiments to test the effect of nutrients on interspecific competition between a typical lawn-forming grass species (Cynodon dactylon) and a species that is frequently found outside grazing lawns (Hyparrhenia hirta), and tested for the effect of herbivore disturbance in the form of trampling and clipping. We also performed a vegetation and herbivore survey to apply experimentally derived insights to field observations. Our results showed that interspecific competition was not affected by soil nutrient concentrations. C. dactylon did show much more resilience to disturbance than H. hirta, presumably due to the regenerative capacity of its rhizomes. Results from the field survey were in line with these findings, describing a correlation between herbivore pressure and C. dactylon abundance. We conclude that herbivore disturbance, and not soil nutrients, provide C. dactylon with a competitive advantage over H. hirta, due to vegetative regeneration from its rhizomes. This provides evidence for the importance of concentrated, high herbivore densities for the creation and maintenance of grazing lawns.	0
Abstract2class: Modeling of novel diagnostic strategies for active tuberculosis - a systematic review: current practices and recommendations Abstract: Introduction:                       The field of diagnostics for active tuberculosis (TB) is rapidly developing. TB diagnostic modeling can help to inform policy makers and support complicated decisions on diagnostic strategy, with important budgetary implications. Demand for TB diagnostic modeling is likely to increase, and an evaluation of current practice is important. We aimed to systematically review all studies employing mathematical modeling to evaluate cost-effectiveness or epidemiological impact of novel diagnostic strategies for active TB.                  Methods:                       Pubmed, personal libraries and reference lists were searched to identify eligible papers. We extracted data on a wide variety of model structure, parameter choices, sensitivity analyses and study conclusions, which were discussed during a meeting of content experts.                  Results & discussion:                       From 5619 records a total of 36 papers were included in the analysis. Sixteen papers included population impact/transmission modeling, 5 were health systems models, and 24 included estimates of cost-effectiveness. Transmission and health systems models included specific structure to explore the importance of the diagnostic pathway (n = 4), key determinants of diagnostic delay (n = 5), operational context (n = 5), and the pre-diagnostic infectious period (n = 1). The majority of models implemented sensitivity analysis, although only 18 studies described multi-way sensitivity analysis of more than 2 parameters simultaneously. Among the models used to make cost-effectiveness estimates, most frequent diagnostic assays studied included Xpert MTB/RIF (n = 7), and alternative nucleic acid amplification tests (NAATs) (n = 4). Most (n = 16) of the cost-effectiveness models compared new assays to an existing baseline and generated an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER).                  Conclusion:                       Although models have addressed a small number of important issues, many decisions regarding implementation of TB diagnostics are being made without the full benefits of insight from mathematical models. Further models are needed that address a wider array of diagnostic and epidemiological settings, that explore the inherent uncertainty of models and that include additional epidemiological data on transmission implications of false-negative diagnosis and the pre-diagnostic period.	0
Abstract2class: Repeat IGRA testing in Canadian health workers: conversions or unexplained variability? Abstract: Background:                       Although North American hospitals are switching from tuberculin testing (TST) to interferon-gamma release assays (IGRAs), data are limited on the association between occupational exposure and serial QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-Tube (QFT) results in healthcare workers (HCWs).                  Methods:                       In a cohort of Canadian HCWs, TST and QFT were performed at study enrolment (TST1 and QFT1) and 1 year later (TST2 and QFT2). Conversion and reversion rates were estimated, and correlation with TB exposure was assessed.                  Results:                       Among 258 HCWs, median age was 36.8 years, 188/258 (73%) were female and 183/258 (71%) were Canadian-born. In 245 subjects with a negative QFT1 we found a QFT conversion rate of 5.3% (13/245, 95% CI 2.9-8.9%). Using more stringent definitions, QFT conversion rates ranged from 2.0 to 5.3%. No TST conversions were found among the 241 HCWs with negative TST1, and no measure of recent TB exposure was associated with QFT conversions. In the 13 HCWs with a positive QFT1, 62% reverted.                  Conclusion:                       Using the conventional QFT conversion definition, we found a higher than expected rate of conversion. Recent occupational exposures were not associated with QFT conversions, and no TST conversions occurred in this cohort, suggesting the 'conversions' may not reflect new TB infection.	0
Abstract2class: TB screening in Canadian health care workers using interferon-gamma release assays Abstract: Background:                       While many North American healthcare institutions are switching from Tuberculin Skin Test (TST) to Interferon-gamma release assays (IGRAs), there is relatively limited data on association between occupational tuberculosis (TB) risk factors and test positivity and/or patterns of test discordance.                  Methods:                       We recruited a cohort of Canadian health care workers (HCWs) in Montreal, and performed both TST and QuantiFERON-TB Gold In Tube (QFT) tests, and assessed risk factors and occupational exposure.                  Results:                       In a cross-sectional analysis of baseline results, the prevalence of TST positivity using the 10 mm cut-off was 5.7% (22/388, 95%CI: 3.6-8.5%), while QFT positivity was 6.2% (24/388, 95%CI: 4-9.1%). Overall agreement between the tests was poor (kappa=0.26), and 8.3% of HCWs had discordant test results, most frequently TST-/QFT+ (17/388, 4.4%). TST positivity was associated with total years worked in health care, non-occupational exposure to TB and BCG vaccination received after infancy or on multiple occasions. QFT positivity was associated with having worked as a HCW in a foreign country.                  Conclusions:                       Our results suggest that LTBI prevalence as measured by either the TST or the QFT is low in this HCW population. Of concern is the high frequency of unexplainable test discordance, namely: TST-/QFT+ subjects, and the lack of any association between QFT positivity and clear-cut recent TB exposure. If these discordant results are indeed false positives, the use of QFT in lieu of TST in low TB incidence settings could result in overtreatment of uninfected individuals.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of ALS5 and ALS6 allelic variability in a geographically diverse collection of Candida albicans isolates Abstract: The Candida albicans ALS (agglutinin-like sequence) gene family encodes eight cell-surface glycoproteins, some of which function in adhesion to host surfaces. ALS genes have a central tandem repeat-encoding domain comprised entirely of head-to-tail copies of a conserved 108-bp sequence. The number of copies of the tandemly repeated sequence varies between C. albicans strains and often between alleles within the same strain. Because ALS alleles can encode different-sized proteins that may have different functional characteristics, defining the range of allelic variability is important. Genomic DNA from C. albicans strains representing the major genetic clades was PCR amplified to determine the number of tandemly repeated sequence copies within the ALS5 and ALS6 central domain. ALS5 alleles had 2-10 tandem repeat sequence copies (mean=4.82 copies) while ALS6 alleles had 2-8 copies (mean=4.00 copies). Despite this variability, tandem repeat copy number was stable in C. albicans strains passaged for 3000 generations. Prevalent alleles and allelic distributions varied among the clades for ALS5 and ALS6. Overall, ALS6 exhibited less variability than ALS5. ALS5 deletions can occur naturally in C. albicans via direct repeats flanking the ALS5 locus. Deletion of both ALS5 alleles was associated particularly with clades III and SA. ALS5 exhibited allelic polymorphisms in the coding region 5' of the tandem repeats; some alleles resembled ALS1, suggesting recombination between these contiguous loci. Natural deletion of ALS5 and the sequence variation within its coding region suggest relaxed selective pressure on this locus, and that Als5p function may be dispensable in C. albicans or redundant within the Als family.	0
Abstract2class: The filamentous fungal gene expression database (FFGED) Abstract: Filamentous fungal gene expression assays provide essential information for understanding systemic cellular regulation. To aid research on fungal gene expression, we constructed a novel, comprehensive, free database, the filamentous fungal gene expression database (FFGED), available at http://bioinfo.townsend.yale.edu. FFGED features user-friendly management of gene expression data, which are assorted into experimental metadata, experimental design, raw data, normalized details, and analysis results. Data may be submitted in the process of an experiment, and any user can submit multiple experiments, thus classifying the FFGED as an "active experiment" database. Most importantly, FFGED functions as a collective and collaborative platform, by connecting each experiment with similar related experiments made public by other users, maximizing data sharing among different users, and correlating diverse gene expression levels under multiple experimental designs within different experiments. A clear and efficient web interface is provided with enhancement by AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) and through a collection of tools to effectively facilitate data submission, sharing, retrieval and visualization.	0
Abstract2class: New technology and resources for cryptococcal research Abstract: Rapid advances in molecular biology and genome sequencing have enabled the generation of new technology and resources for cryptococcal research. RNAi-mediated specific gene knock down has become routine and more efficient by utilizing modified shRNA plasmids and convergent promoter RNAi constructs. This system was recently applied in a high-throughput screen to identify genes involved in host-pathogen interactions. Gene deletion efficiencies have also been improved by increasing rates of homologous recombination through a number of approaches, including a combination of double-joint PCR with split-marker transformation, the use of dominant selectable markers and the introduction of Cre-Loxp systems into Cryptococcus. Moreover, visualization of cryptococcal proteins has become more facile using fusions with codon-optimized fluorescent tags, such as green or red fluorescent proteins or, mCherry. Using recent genome-wide analytical tools, new transcriptional factors and regulatory proteins have been identified in novel virulence-related signaling pathways by employing microarray analysis, RNA-sequencing and proteomic analysis.	0
Abstract2class: Simple and efficient recycling of fungal selectable marker genes with the Cre-loxP recombination system via anastomosis Abstract: Reverse-genetics analysis has played a significant role in advancing fungal biology, but is limited by the number of available selectable marker genes (SMGs). The Cre-loxP recombination system has been adapted for use in filamentous fungi to overcome this limitation. Expression of the Cre recombinase results in excision of an integrated SMG that is flanked by loxP sites, allowing a subsequent round of transformation with the same SMG. However, current protocols for regulated expression or presentation of Cre require multiple time-consuming steps. During efforts to disrupt four different RNA-dependent RNA polymerase genes in a single strain of the chestnut blight fungus Cryphonectria parasitica, we tested whether Cre could successfully excise loxP-flanked SMGs when provided in trans via anastomosis. Stable Cre-producing donor strains were constructed by transformation of wild-type C. parasitica strain EP155 with the Cre-coding domain under the control of a constitutive promoter. Excision of multiple loxP-flanked SMGs was efficiently achieved by simply pairing the Cre-donor strain and the loxP-flanked SMGs-transformed recipient strain and recovering mycelia from the margin of the recipient colony near the anastomosis zone. This method was shown to be as efficient as and much less time consuming than excision by transformation-mediated expression of Cre. It also allows unlimited recycling of loxP-flanked SMGs and the generation of disruption mutant strains that are free of any foreign gene. The successful application of this method to Metarhizium robertsii suggests potential use for optimizing reverse-genetics analysis in a broad range of filamentous fungi.	0
Abstract2class: An unusual organelle in Cryptococcus neoformans links luminal pH and capsule biosynthesis Abstract: Cryptococcus neoformans is a basidiomycete that causes deadly infections in the immunocompromised. We previously generated a secretion mutant in this fungus by introducing a mutation in the SAV1 gene, which encodes a homolog of the Sec4/Rab8 subfamily GTPases. Under restrictive conditions there are two notable morphological changes in the sav1 mutant: accumulation of post-Golgi vesicles and the appearance of an unusual organelle, which we term the sav1 body (SB). The SB is an electron-transparent structure 0.2-1microm in diameter, with vesicles or other membranous structures associated with the perimeter. Surprisingly, the SB was heavily labeled with anti-glucuronoxylomannan (GXM) antibodies, suggesting that it contains a secreted capsule component, GXM. A structure similar to the SB, also labeled by anti-GXM antibodies, was induced in wild type cells treated with the vacuolar-ATPase inhibitor, bafilomycin A(1). Bafilomycin A(1) and other agents that increase intraluminal pH also inhibited capsule polysaccharide shedding and capsule growth. These studies highlight an unusual organelle observed in C. neoformans with a potential role in polysaccharide synthesis, and a link between luminal pH and GXM biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: The mating-type locus b of the sugarcane smut Sporisorium scitamineum is essential for mating, filamentous growth and pathogenicity Abstract: Sporisorium scitamineum is the causal agent of sugarcane smut, which is one of the most serious constraints to global sugarcane production. S. scitamineum and Ustilago maydis are two closely related smut fungi, that are predicted to harbor similar sexual mating processes/system. To elucidate the molecular basis of sexual mating in S. scitamineum, we identified and deleted the ortholog of mating-specific U. maydis locus b, in S. scitamineum. The resultant b-deletion mutant was defective in mating and pathogenicity in S. scitamineum. Furthermore, a functional b locus heterodimer could trigger filamentous growth without mating in S. scitamineum, and functionally replace the b locus in U. maydis in terms of triggering aerial filament production and forming solopathogenic strains, which do not require sexual mating prior to pathogenicity on the host plants.	0
Abstract2class: Role of a major facilitator superfamily transporter in adaptation capacity of Penicillium funiculosum under extreme acidic stress Abstract: Fungal species present in extreme low pH environments are expected to have adapted for tolerance to high H(+) concentrations. However, their adaptability mechanism is unclear. In this study, we isolated an acid-tolerant strain of Penicillium funiculosum, which can grow actively at pH 1.0 and thrived in pH 0.6. A major facilitator superfamily transporter (PfMFS) was isolated from an acid-sensitive random insertional mutant (M4) of the fungus. It encodes a putative protein of 551 residues and contains 14 transmembrane-spanning segments. A targeted mutant (M7) carrying an inactivated copy of PfMFS showed an obvious reduction of growth compared with the wild type (WT) and complementation of M7 with PfMFS restored the wild-type level of growth at pH 1.0. Further data showed that the wild-type showed higher intracellular pH than M7 in response to pH 1. Subcellular localization showed that PfMFS was a cell membrane protein. Homology modeling showed structural similarity with an MFS transporter EmrD from Escherichiacoli. These results demonstrate that the PfMFS transporter is involved in the acid resistance and intracellular pH homeostasis of P. funiculosum.	0
Abstract2class: The proteome and phosphoproteome of Neurospora crassa in response to cellulose, sucrose and carbon starvation Abstract: Improving cellulolytic enzyme production by plant biomass degrading fungi holds great potential in reducing costs associated with production of next-generation biofuels generated from lignocellulose. How fungi sense cellulosic materials and respond by secreting enzymes has mainly been examined by assessing function of transcriptional regulators and via transcriptional profiling. Here, we obtained global proteomic and phosphoproteomic profiles of the plant biomass degrading filamentous fungus Neurospora crassa grown on different carbon sources, i.e. sucrose, no carbon, and cellulose, by performing isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantification (iTRAQ)-based LC-MS/MS analyses. A comparison between proteomes and transcriptomes under identical carbon conditions suggests that extensive post-transcriptional regulation occurs in N. crassa in response to exposure to cellulosic material. Several hundred amino acid residues with differential phosphorylation levels on crystalline cellulose (Avicel) or carbon-free medium vs sucrose medium were identified, including phosphorylation sites in a major transcriptional activator for cellulase genes, CLR1, as well as a cellobionic acid transporter, CBT1. Mutation of phosphorylation sites on CLR1 did not have a major effect on transactivation of cellulase production, while mutation of phosphorylation sites in CBT1 increased its transporting capacity. Our data provides rich information at both the protein and phosphorylation levels of the early cellular responses to carbon starvation and cellulosic induction and aids in a greater understanding of the underlying post-transcriptional regulatory mechanisms in filamentous fungi.	0
Abstract2class: Mannitol is essential for the development of stress-resistant ascospores in Neosartorya fischeri (Aspergillus fischeri) Abstract: The polyol mannitol is one of the main compatible solutes in Neosartorya fischeri and accumulates in conidia and ascospores. Here, it is shown that biosynthesis of mannitol in N. fischeri mainly depends on mannitol 1-phosphate dehydrogenase (MpdA). Reporter studies and qPCR analysis demonstrated that mpdA is moderately expressed in vegetative hyphae and conidiophores, while it is highly expressed during development of ascospores. Deletion of mpdA reduced mannitol in whole cultures as much as 85% of the wild type, while trehalose levels had increased more than 4-fold. Decreased mannitol accumulation had no effect on mycelial growth irrespective of heat- or oxidative stress. Notably, conidia of the ΔmpdA strain had higher mannitol and lower trehalose levels. They were more sensitive to heat stress. The most distinct phenotype of mpdA deletion was the absence of full development of ascospores. Formation of cleistothecia, and asci was not affected. The ascus cell wall, however, did not dissolve and asci contained incompletely formed or aborted ascospores. Addition of the Mpd inhibitor nitrophenide to the wild type strain also resulted in disturbed ascospore formation. Taken together, these results show that mannitol has a role in sexual development of N. fischeri and in stress resistance of conidia.	0
Abstract2class: Diversity and movement of indoor Alternaria alternata across the mainland USA Abstract: Alternaria spp. from sect. Alternaria are frequently associated with hypersensitivity pneumonitis, asthma and allergic fungal rhinitis and sinusitis. Since Alternaria is omnipresent in the outdoor environment, it is thought that the indoor spore concentration is mainly influenced by the outdoor spore concentration. However, few studies have investigated indoor Alternaria isolates, or attempted a phylogeographic or population genetic approach to investigate their movement. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to investigate the molecular diversity of indoor Alternaria isolates in the USA, and to test for recombination, using these approaches. Alternaria isolates collected throughout the USA were identified using ITS, gapdh and endoPG gene sequencing. This was followed by genotyping and population genetic inference of isolates belonging to Alternaria sect. Alternaria together with 37 reference isolates, using five microsatellite markers. Phylogenetic analyses revealed that species of Alternaria sect. Alternaria represented 98% (153 isolates) of the indoor isolates collected throughout the USA, of which 137 isolates could be assigned to A. alternata, 15 to the A. arborescens species complex and a single isolate to A. burnsii. The remaining 2% (3 isolates) represented sect. Infectoriae (single isolate) and sect. Pseudoulocladium (2 isolates). Population assignment analyses of the 137 A. alternata isolates suggested that subpopulations did not exist within the sample. The A. alternata isolates were thus divided into four artificial subpopulations to represent four quadrants of the USA. Forty-four isolates representing the south-western quadrant displayed the highest level of uniqueness based on private alleles, while the highest level of gene flow was detected between the south-eastern (32 isolates) and south-western quadrants. Genotypic diversity was high for all quadrants, and a test for linkage disequilibrium suggested that A. alternata has a cryptic sexual cycle. These statistics could be correlated with environmental factors, suggesting that indoor A. alternata isolates, although extremely diverse, have a continental distribution and high levels of gene flow over the continent.	0
Abstract2class: The 2008 update of the Aspergillus nidulans genome annotation: a community effort Abstract: The identification and annotation of protein-coding genes is one of the primary goals of whole-genome sequencing projects, and the accuracy of predicting the primary protein products of gene expression is vital to the interpretation of the available data and the design of downstream functional applications. Nevertheless, the comprehensive annotation of eukaryotic genomes remains a considerable challenge. Many genomes submitted to public databases, including those of major model organisms, contain significant numbers of wrong and incomplete gene predictions. We present a community-based reannotation of the Aspergillus nidulans genome with the primary goal of increasing the number and quality of protein functional assignments through the careful review of experts in the field of fungal biology.	0
Abstract2class: Sumoylation in Aspergillus nidulans: sumO inactivation, overexpression and live-cell imaging Abstract: Sumoylation, the reversible covalent attachment of small ubiquitin-like modifier (SUMO) peptides has emerged as an important regulator of target protein function. In Saccharomyces cerevisiae, but not in Schizosaccharyomes pombe, deletion of the gene encoding SUMO peptides is lethal. We have characterized the SUMO-encoding gene, sumO, in the filamentous fungus Aspergillus nidulans. The sumO gene was deleted in a diploid and sumODelta haploids were recovered. The mutant was viable but exhibited impaired growth, reduced conidiation and self-sterility. Overexpression of epitope-tagged SumO peptides revealed multiple sumoylation targets in A. nidulans and SumO overexpression resulted in greatly increased levels of protein sumoylation without obvious phenotypic consequences. Using five-piece fusion PCR, we generated a gfp-sumO fusion gene expressed from the sumO promoter for live-cell imaging of GFP-SumO and GFP-SumO-conjugated proteins. Localization of GFP-SumO is dynamic, accumulating in punctate spots within the nucleus during interphase, lost at the onset of mitosis and re-accumulating during telophase.	0
Abstract2class: Distinct and redundant roles of exonucleases in Cryptococcus neoformans: implications for virulence and mating Abstract: Opportunistic pathogens like Cryptococcus neoformans are constantly exposed to changing environments, in their natural habitat as well as when encountering a human host. This requires a coordinated program to regulate gene expression that can act at the levels of mRNA synthesis and also mRNA degradation. Here, we find that deletion of the gene encoding the major cytoplasmic 5'→3' exonuclease Xrn1p in C. neoformans has important consequences for virulence associated phenotypes such as growth at 37 °C, capsule and melanin. In an invertebrate model of cryptococcosis the alteration of these virulence properties corresponds to avirulence of the xrn1Δ mutant strains. Additionally, deletion of XRN1 impairs uni- and bisexual mating. On a molecular level, the absence of XRN1 is associated with the upregulation of other major exonuclease encoding genes (i.e. XRN2 and RRP44). Using inducible alleles of RRP44 and XRN2, we show that artificial overexpression of these genes alters LAC1 gene expression and mating. Our data thus suggest the existence of a complex interdependent regulation of exonuclease encoding genes that impact upon virulence and mating in C. neoformans.	0
Abstract2class: Tet-on, or Tet-off, that is the question: Advanced conditional gene expression in Aspergillus Abstract: In Aspergillus, controlled gene expression is often achieved using the reverse tetracycline-controlled transactivator (rtTA) dependent Tet-on system, whereby transcription is activated in a titratable manner by addition of the tetracycline derivative doxycycline. The complementary Tet-off system utilises the tetracycline-controlled transactivator (tTA) component to quantitatively reduce gene expression. In this study, we utilised a synthetic biological approach to engineer highly optimised Tet-off conditional expression systems in Aspergillus niger and Aspergillus fumigatus. Steps for delivery of these tools include utilising codon optimised cassette components, testing several promoters for improved genetic stability and validating two modified luciferase reporters for highly accurate measurements of gene expression. The Tet-off cassettes developed in this study enable facile and quantitative functional analysis, as validated by Tet-off analysis of genes involved in chitin synthesis and cell wall polarity in A. niger, and para-aminobenzoic acid synthesis in A. fumigatus. We also used a racA(G18V) dominant allele to demonstrate that Tet-off in A. niger enables gene over-expression and downregulation in a single isolate. Additionally, we used the improved luciferase reporters to show that the Tet-off cassette in A. niger enables quantification of gene oscillations. In order to demonstrate that synthetic biological approaches developed here are broadly applicable to engineering transcriptional circuits in filamentous fungi, we used our strategy for improving cassette stability by promoter replacement in the A. niger Tet-on system, which resulted in a modified Tet-on cassette with higher stability in recipient genomes.	0
Abstract2class: Sex-specific gene expression during asexual development of Neurospora crassa Abstract: The impact of loci that determine sexual identity upon the asexual, dominant stage of fungal life history has been well studied. To investigate their impact, expression differences between strains of different mating type during asexual development were assayed, with RNA sampled from otherwise largely isogenic mat A and mat a strains of Neurospora crassa at early, middle, and late clonal stages of development. We observed significant differences in overall gene expression between mating types across clonal development, especially at late development stages. The expression levels of mating-type genes and pheromone genes were assayed by reverse transcription and quantitative PCR, revealing expression of pheromone and receptor genes in strains of both mating types in all development stages, and revealing that mating type (mat) genes were increasingly expressed over the course of asexual development. Interestingly, among differentially expressed genes, the mat A genotype more frequently exhibited a higher expression level than mat a, and demonstrated greater transcriptional regulatory dynamism. Significant up-regulation of expression was observed for many late light-responsive genes at late asexual development stages. Further investigation of the impact of light and the roles of light response genes in asexual development of both mating types are warranted.	0
Abstract2class: Differential impact of nutrition on developmental and metabolic gene expression during fruiting body development in Neurospora crassa Abstract: Fungal fruiting body size and form are influenced by the ecology of the species, including diverse environmental stimuli. Accordingly, nutritional resources available to the fungus during development can be vital to successful production of fruiting bodies. To investigate the effect of nutrition, perithecial development of Neurospora crassa was induced on two different media, a chemically sparsely nutritive Synthetic Crossing Medium (SCM) and a natural Carrot Agar (CA). Protoperithecia were collected before crossing, and perithecia were collected at 2, 24, 48, 72, 96, 120, and at full maturity 144 h after crossing. No differences in fruiting body morphology were observed between the two media at any time point. A circuit of microarray hybridizations comparing cDNA from all neighboring stages was performed. For a majority of differentially expressed genes, expression was higher in SCM than in CA, and expression of core metabolic genes was particularly affected. Effects of nutrition were highest in magnitude before crossing, lowering in magnitude during early perithecial development. Interestingly, metabolic effects of the media were also large in magnitude during late perithecial development, at which stage the lower expression in CA presumably reflected the continued intake of diverse complex initial compounds, diminishing the need for expression of anabolic pathways. However, for genes with key regulatory roles in sexual development, including pheromone precursor ccg-4 and poi2, expression patterns were similar between treatments. When possible, a common nutritional environment is ideal for comparing transcriptional profiles between different fungi. Nevertheless, the observed consistency of the developmental program across media, despite considerable metabolic differentiation is reassuring. This result facilitates comparative studies that will require different nutritional resources for sexual development in different fungi.	0
Abstract2class: Roles of the pH signaling transcription factor PacC in Wangiella (Exophiala) dermatitidis Abstract: To study the function of the PacC transcription factor in Wangiella dermatitidis, a black, polymorphic fungal pathogen of humans with yeast-phase predominance, the PACC gene was cloned, sequenced, disrupted and expressed. Three zinc finger DNA-binding motifs were found at the N-terminus, and a signaling protease cleavage site at the C-terminus. PACC was more expressed at neutral-alkaline pH than at acidic pH. Truncation at about 40 residues of the coding sequence upstream of the conserved protease processing cleavage site of PacC affected growth on a nutrient-rich medium, increased sensitivity to Na(+) stress, decreased yeast growth at neutral-alkaline pH, and repressed hyphal growth on a nutrient-poor medium at 25 degrees C. Truncation at the coding sequence for the conserved signaling protease box of PacC impaired growth and reduced RNA expression of the class II chitin synthase gene at acidic pH. The results suggested that PacC is important not only for the adaptation of W. dermatitidis to different ambient pH conditions and Na(+) stress conditions, but also for influencing yeast-hyphal transitions in this agent of phaeohyphomycosis.	0
Abstract2class: TrpE feedback mutants reveal roadblocks and conduits toward increasing secondary metabolism in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Small peptides formed from non-ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) are bioactive molecules produced by many fungi including the genus Aspergillus. A subset of NRPS utilizes tryptophan and its precursor, the non-proteinogenic amino acid anthranilate, in synthesis of various metabolites such as Aspergillus fumigatus fumiquinazolines (Fqs) produced by the fmq gene cluster. The A. fumigatus genome contains two putative anthranilate synthases - a key enzyme in conversion of anthranilic acid to tryptophan - one beside the fmq cluster and one in a region of co-linearity with other Aspergillus spp. Only the gene found in the co-linear region, trpE, was involved in tryptophan biosynthesis. We found that site-specific mutations of the TrpE feedback domain resulted in significantly increased production of anthranilate, tryptophan, p-aminobenzoate and fumiquinazolines FqF and FqC. Supplementation with tryptophan restored metabolism to near wild type levels in the feedback mutants and suggested that synthesis of the tryptophan degradation product kynurenine could negatively impact Fq synthesis. The second putative anthranilate synthase gene next to the fmq cluster was termed icsA for its considerable identity to isochorismate synthases in bacteria. Although icsA had no impact on A. fumigatus Fq production, deletion and over-expression of icsA increased and decreased respectively aromatic amino acid levels suggesting that IcsA can draw from the cellular chorismate pool.	0
Abstract2class: Kexin-like endoprotease KexB is required for N-glycan processing, morphogenesis and virulence in Aspergillus fumigatus Abstract: Kexin-like proteins belong to the subtilisin-like family of the proteinases that cleave secretory proproteins to their active forms. Several fungal kexin-like proteins have been investigated. The mutants lacking of kexin-like protein display strong phenotypes such as cell wall defect, abnormal polarity, and, in case of Candida albicans, diminished virulence. However, only several proteins have been confirmed as the substrates of kexin-like proteases in these fungal species. It still remains unclear how kexin-like proteins contribute to the morphogenesis in these fungal species. In this study, a kexB-null mutant of the human opportunistic fungal pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus was constructed and analyzed. The ΔkexB mutant showed retarded growth, temperature-sensitive cell wall defect, reduced conidia formation, and abnormal polarity. Biochemical analyses revealed that deletion of the kexB gene resulted in impaired N-glycan processing, activation of the MpkA-dependent cell wall integrity signaling pathway, and ER-stress. Results from in vivo assays demonstrated that the mutant exhibited an attenuated virulence in immunecompromised mice. Based on our results, the kexin-like endoprotease KexB was involved in the N-glycan processing, which provides a novel insight to understand how kexin-like protein affects the cell-wall modifying enzymes and therefore morphogenesis in fungi.	0
Abstract2class: The Aspergillus nidulans bimC4 mutation provides an excellent tool for identification of kinesin-14 inhibitors Abstract: Centrosome amplification is a hallmark of many types of cancer cells, and clustering of multiple centrosomes is critical for cancer cell survival and proliferation. Human kinesin-14 HSET/KFIC1 is essential for centrosome clustering, and its inhibition leads to the specific killing of cancer cells with extra centrosomes. Since kinesin-14 motor domains are conserved evolutionarily, we conceived a strategy of obtaining kinesin-14 inhibitors using Aspergillus nidulans, based on the previous result that loss of the kinesin-14 KlpA rescues the non-viability of the bimC4 kinesin-5 mutant at 42 °C. However, it was unclear whether alteration of BimC or any other non-KlpA protein would be a major factor reversing the lethality of the bimC4 mutant. Here we performed a genome-wide screen for bimC4 suppressors and obtained fifteen suppressor strains. None of the suppressor mutations maps to bimC. The vast majority of them contain mutations in the klpA gene, most of which are missense mutations affecting the C-terminal motor domain. Our study confirms that the bimC4 mutant is suitable for a cell-based screen for chemical inhibitors of kinesin-14. Since the selection is based on enhanced growth rather than diminished growth, cytotoxic compounds can be excluded.	0
Abstract2class: Fungal echinocandin resistance Abstract: The echinocandins are the newest class of antifungal agents in the clinical armory. These secondary metabolites are non-competitive inhibitors of the synthesis of beta-(1,3)-glucan, a major structural component of the fungal cell wall. Recent work has shown that spontaneous mutations can arise in two hot spot regions of Fks1 the target protein of echinocandins that reduce the enzyme's sensitivity to the drug. However, other strains have been isolated in which the sequence of FKS1 is unaltered yet the fungus has decreased sensitivity to echinocandins. In addition it has been shown that echinocandin-treatment can induce cell wall salvage mechanisms that result in the compensatory upregulation of chitin synthesis in the cell wall. This salvage mechanism strengthens cell walls damaged by exposure to echinocandins. Therefore, fungal resistance to echinocandins can arise due to the selection of either stable mutational or reversible physiological alterations that decrease susceptibility to these antifungal agents.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide analysis of Candida albicans gene expression patterns during infection of the mammalian kidney Abstract: Global analysis of the molecular responses of microbial pathogens to their mammalian hosts represents a major challenge. To date few microarray studies have been performed on Candida albicans cells derived from infected tissues. In this study we examined the C. albicans SC5314 transcriptome from renal infections in the rabbit. Genes involved in adhesion, stress adaptation and the assimilation of alternative carbon sources were up-regulated in these cells compared with control cells grown in RPMI 1640, whereas genes involved in morphogenesis, fermentation and translation were down-regulated. When we compared the congenic virulent C. albicans strains NGY152 and SC5314, there was minimal overlap between their transcriptomes during kidney infections. This suggests that much of the gene regulation observed during infections is not essential for virulence. Indeed, we observed a poor correlation between the transcriptome and phenome for those genes that were regulated during kidney infection and that have been virulence tested.	0
Abstract2class: Agrobacterium tumefasciens-mediated transformation of the aquatic fungus Blastocladiella emersonii Abstract: Agrobacterium tumefaciens is widely used for plant DNA transformation and more recently, has also been used to transform yeast, filamentous fungi and even human cells. Using this technique, we developed the first transformation protocol for the saprobic aquatic fungus Blastocladiella emersonii, a Blastocladiomycete localized at the base of fungal phylogenetic tree, which has been shown as a promising and interesting model of study of cellular function and differentiation. We constructed binary T-DNA vectors containing hygromycin phosphotransferase (hph) or enhanced green fluorescent protein (egfp) genes, under the control of Aspergillus nidulans trpC promoter and terminator sequences. 24 h of co-cultivation in induction medium (IM) agar plates, followed by transfer to PYG-agar plates containing cefotaxim to kill Agrobacterium tumefsciens and hygromycin to select transformants, resulted in growth and sporulation of resistant transformants. Genomic DNA from the pool o resistant zoospores were shown to contain T-DNA insertion as evidenced by PCR amplification of hph gene. Using a similar protocol we could also evidence the expression of enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) in zoospores derived from transformed cells. This protocol can also open new perspectives for other non-transformable closely related fungi, like the Chytridiomycete class.	0
Abstract2class: Evidence of a Ca(2+)-(*)NO-cGMP signaling pathway controlling zoospore biogenesis in the aquatic fungus Blastocladiella emersonii Abstract: The sporulation stage of the aquatic fungus Blastocladiella emersonii culminates with the formation and release to the medium of a number of zoospores, which are motile cells responsible for the dispersal of the fungus. The presence in the sporulation solution of 1H-[1,2,4]Oxadiazolo[4,3-a]quinoxalin-1-one (ODQ), a potent and selective inhibitor of nitric oxide-sensitive guanylyl cyclases, completely prevented biogenesis of the zoospores. In addition, this compound was able to significantly reduce cGMP levels, which increase drastically during late sporulation, suggesting the existence of a nitric oxide-dependent mechanism for cGMP synthesis. Furthermore, increased levels of nitric oxide-derived products were detected during sporulation by fluorescence assays using DAF-2 DA, whose signal was drastically reduced in the presence of the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor Nomega-Nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME). These results were confirmed by quantitative chemiluminescent determination of the intracellular levels of nitric oxide-derived products. A putative nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activity was detected throughout sporulation, and this enzyme activity decreased significantly when L-NAME and 1-[2-(Trifluoromethyl)phenyl]imidazole (TRIM) were added to the assays. NOS assays carried out in the presence of EGTA showed decreased enzyme activity, suggesting the involvement of calcium ions in enzyme activation. Additionally, expressed sequence tags (ESTs) encoding putative guanylyl cyclases and a cGMP-phosphodiesterase were found in B. emersonii EST database (http://blasto.iq.usp.br), and the mRNA levels of the corresponding genes were observed to increase during sporulation. Altogether, data presented here revealed the presence and expression of guanylyl cyclase and cGMP phosphodiesterase genes in B. emersonii and provided evidence of a Ca(2+)-(*)NO-cGMP signaling pathway playing a role in zoospore biogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Involvement of Candida albicans pyruvate dehydrogenase complex protein X (Pdx1) in filamentation Abstract: For 50 years, physiologic studies in Candida albicans have associated fermentation with filamentation and respiration with yeast morphology. Analysis of the mitochondrial proteome of a C. albicans NDH51 mutant, known to be defective in filamentation, identified increased expression of several proteins in the respiratory pathway. Most notable was a 15-fold increase in pyruvate dehydrogenase complex protein X (Pdx1), an essential component of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex. In basal salts medium with < or = 100 mM glucose as carbon source, two independent pdx1 mutants displayed a filamentation defect identical to ndh51; reintegration of one PDX1 allele restored filamentation. Concentrations of glucose < or = 100 mM did not correct the filamentation defect. Expanding on previous work, these studies suggest that increased expression of proteins extraneous to the electron transport chain compensates for defects in the respiratory pathway to maintain yeast morphology. Mitochondrial proteomics can aid in the identification of C. albicans genes not previously implicated in filamentation.	0
Abstract2class: The Aspergillus fumigatus septins play pleiotropic roles in septation, conidiation, and cell wall stress, but are dispensable for virulence Abstract: Septins are a conserved family of GTPases that regulate important cellular processes such as cell wall integrity, and septation in fungi. The requirement of septins for virulence has been demonstrated in the human pathogenic yeasts Candida albicans and Cryptococcus neoformans, as well as the plant pathogen Magnaporthe oryzae. Aspergillus spp. contains five genes encoding for septins (aspA-E). While the importance of septins AspA, AspB, AspC, and AspE for growth and conidiation has been elucidated in the filamentous fungal model Aspergillus nidulans, nothing is known on the role of septins in growth and virulence in the human pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus. Here we deleted all five A. fumigatus septins, and generated certain double and triple septin deletion strains. Phenotypic analyses revealed that while all the septins are dispensable in normal growth conditions, AspA, AspB, AspC and AspE are required for regular septation. Furthermore, deletion of only the core septin genes significantly reduced conidiation. Concomitant with the absence of an electron-dense outer conidial wall, the ΔaspB strain was also sensitive to anti-cell wall agents. Infection with the ΔaspB strain in a Galleria mellonella model of invasive aspergillosis showed hypervirulence, but no virulence difference was noted when compared to the wild-type strain in a murine model of invasive aspergillosis. Although the deletion of aspB resulted in increased release of TNF-α from the macrophages, no significant inflammation differences in lung histology was noted between the ΔaspB strain and the wild-type strain. Taken together, these results point to the importance of septins in A. fumigatus growth, but not virulence in a murine model.	0
Abstract2class: The role of carbon starvation in the induction of enzymes that degrade plant-derived carbohydrates in Aspergillus niger Abstract: Fungi are an important source of enzymes for saccharification of plant polysaccharides and production of biofuels. Understanding of the regulation and induction of expression of genes encoding these enzymes is still incomplete. To explore the induction mechanism, we analysed the response of the industrially important fungus Aspergillus niger to wheat straw, with a focus on events occurring shortly after exposure to the substrate. RNA sequencing showed that the transcriptional response after 6h of exposure to wheat straw was very different from the response at 24h of exposure to the same substrate. For example, less than half of the genes encoding carbohydrate active enzymes that were induced after 24h of exposure to wheat straw, were also induced after 6h exposure. Importantly, over a third of the genes induced after 6h of exposure to wheat straw were also induced during 6h of carbon starvation, indicating that carbon starvation is probably an important factor in the early response to wheat straw. The up-regulation of the expression of a high number of genes encoding CAZymes that are active on plant-derived carbohydrates during early carbon starvation suggests that these enzymes could be involved in a scouting role during starvation, releasing inducing sugars from complex plant polysaccharides. We show, using proteomics, that carbon-starved cultures indeed release CAZymes with predicted activity on plant polysaccharides. Analysis of the enzymatic activity and the reaction products, indicates that these proteins are enzymes that can degrade various plant polysaccharides to generate both known, as well as potentially new, inducers of CAZymes.	0
Abstract2class: The cell end marker Tea4 regulates morphogenesis and pathogenicity in the basidiomycete fungus Ustilago maydis Abstract: Positional cues localized to distinct cell domains are critical for the generation of cell polarity and cell morphogenesis. These cues lead to assembly of protein complexes that organize the cytoskeleton resulting in delivery of vesicles to sites of polarized growth. Tea4, an SH3 domain protein, was first identified in fission yeast, and is a critical determinant of the axis of polarized growth, a role conserved among ascomycete fungi. Ustilago maydis is a badiomycete fungus that exhibits a yeast-like form that is nonpathogenic and a filamentous form that is pathogenic on maize and teozintle. We are interested in understanding how positional cues contribute to generation and maintenance of these two forms, and their role in pathogenicity. We identified a homologue of fission yeast tea4 in a genetic screen for mutants with altered colony and cell morphology and present here analysis of Tea4 for the first time in a basidiomycete fungus. We demonstrate that Tea4 is an important positional marker for polarized growth and septum location in both forms. We uncover roles for Tea4 in maintenance of cell and neck width, cell separation, and cell wall deposition in the yeast-like form, and in growth rate, formation of retraction septa, growth reversal, and inhibition of budding in the filamentous form. We show that Tea4::GFP localizes to sites of polarized or potential polarized growth in both forms, as observed in ascomycete fungi. We demonstrate an essential role of Tea4 in pathogencity in the absence of cell fusion. Basidiomycete and ascomycete Tea4 homologues share SH3 and Glc7 domains. Tea4 in basidiomycetes has additional domains, which has led us to hypothesize that Tea4 has novel functions in this group of fungi.	0
Abstract2class: Mini-review: Brazilian fungi diversity for biomass degradation Abstract: Brazil houses over 10% of the total number of known species on Earth, with a great diversity of plants and fungi. The collection, isolation, identification and conservation of filamentous fungi with relevance to agriculture, pharmaceutical, food and biotechnological industries in Biological Resource Centers (CRBs) is very important to the development of a nation's scientific and technological infrastructure. In Brazil, 36 fungal collections are registered in the database of International Collections. Several federal and state programs have encouraged the formation of a researcher's network in order to study natural resources and the nation's biodiversity. In this context, Brazilian researchers have been on the frontiers of knowledge, investigating the enzymatic systems from native filamentous fungi with potential for biomass degradation and biotechnological application. In this review, we address recent progress in Brazilian fungal research, focusing on the identification and study of fungi and enzymes with potential for biomass degradation and application in bioenergy.	0
Abstract2class: Biomechanics of conidial dispersal in the toxic mold Stachybotrys chartarum Abstract: Conidial dispersal in Stachybotrys chartarum in response to low-velocity airflow was studied using a microflow apparatus. The maximum rate of spore release occurred during the first 5 min of airflow, followed by a dramatic reduction in dispersal that left more than 99% of the conidia attached to their conidiophores. Micromanipulation of undisturbed colonies showed that micronewton (microN) forces were needed to dislodge spore clusters from their supporting conidiophores. Calculations show that airspeeds that normally prevail in the indoor environment disturb colonies with forces that are 1000-fold lower, in the nanonewton (nN) range. Low-velocity airflow does not, therefore, cause sufficient disturbance to disperse a large proportion of the conidia of S. chartarum.	0
Abstract2class: Genome analysis and polar tube firing dynamics of mosquito-infecting microsporidia Abstract: Microsporidia are highly divergent fungi that are obligate intracellular pathogens of a wide range of host organisms. Here we review recent findings from the genome sequences of mosquito-infecting microsporidian species Edhazardia aedis and Vavraia culicis, which show large differences in genome size, although similar numbers of predicted genes. We also show a video of E. aedis polar tube firing, which is the dramatic mechanism used by microsporidia to deliver the germ cell (sporoplasm) into the host cell to initiate intracellular infection.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative analysis of mitochondrial genomes from closely related Rhynchosporium species reveals extensive intron invasion Abstract: We sequenced and annotated the complete mitochondrial (mt) genomes of four closely related Rhynchosporium species that diverged ∼14,000-35,000years ago. During this time frame, three of the mt genomes expanded significantly due to an invasion of introns into three genes (cox1, cox2, and nad5). The enlarged mt genomes contained ∼40% introns compared to 8.1% in uninvaded relatives. Many intron gains were accompanied by co-conversion of flanking exonic regions. The comparative analysis revealed a highly variable set of non-intronic, free-standing ORFs of unknown function (uORFs). This is consistent with a rapidly evolving accessory compartment in the mt genome of these closely related species. Only one free-standing uORF was shared among all mt genomes analyzed. This uORF had a mutation rate similar to the core mt protein-encoding genes, suggesting conservation of function among the species. The nucleotide composition of the core protein-encoding genes significantly differed from those of introns and uORFs. The mt mutation rate was 77 times higher than the nuclear mutation rate, indicating that the phylogeny inferred from mt genes may better resolve the phylogenetic relationships among closely related Rhynchosporium species than phylogenies inferred from nuclear genes.	0
Abstract2class: New insights into the mechanism of light modulated signaling by heterotrimeric G-proteins: ENVOY acts on gna1 and gna3 and adjusts cAMP levels in Trichoderma reesei (Hypocrea jecorina) Abstract: Sensing of environmental signals is often mediated by G-protein coupled receptors and their cognate heterotrimeric G-proteins. In Trichoderma reesei (Hypocrea jecorina) the signals transmitted via the G-protein alpha subunits GNA1 and GNA3 cause considerable modulation of cellulase transcript levels and the extent of this adjustment is dependent on the light status. We therefore intended to elucidate the underlying mechanism connecting light response and heterotrimeric G-protein signaling. Analysis of double mutant strains showed that constitutive activation of GNA1 or GNA3 in the absence of the PAS/LOV domain protein ENVOY (ENV1) leads to the phenotype of constitutive G-alpha activation in darkness. In light, however the deletion-phenotype of Δenv1 was observed with respect to growth, conidiation and cellulase gene transcription. Additionally deletion of env1 causes decreased intracellular cAMP accumulation, even upon constitutive activation of GNA1 or GNA3. While supplementation of cAMP caused an even more severe growth phenotype of all strains lacking env1 in light, addition of the phosphodiesterase inhibitor caffeine rescued the growth phenotype of these strains. ENV1 is consequently suggested to connect the light response pathway with nutrient signaling by the heterotrimeric G-protein cascade by adjusting transcript levels of gna1 and gna3 and action on cAMP levels - presumably through inhibition of a phosphodiesterase.	0
Abstract2class: Overview of genomic and bioinformatic resources for Zymoseptoria tritici Abstract: Zymoseptoria tritici (syn. Mycosphaerella graminicola, Septoria tritici) is a haploid fungus belonging to the class Dothideomycetes. It is the causal agent of septoria leaf blotch - one of the world's most significant diseases of wheat. Here we review the genomic and bioinformatic resources that have been generated for Z. tritici. These include the whole-genome reference assembly for isolate IPO323, genome resequencing of alternate isolates, mitochondrial genome sequences, transcriptome sequences and expression data, and annotations of gene structure and function. We also highlight important advances in our fundamental knowledge of genome evolution and its effects on adaptation and pathogenicity in Z. tritici that have been facilitated by these resources.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptomic reprogramming of genus Paracoccidioides in dimorphism and host niches Abstract: The thermodimorphic fungi Paracoccidioides brasiliensis and Paracoccidioides lutzii are the etiologic agents of Paracoccidioidomycosis (PCM), the most important endemic systemic mycosis in Latin America. Paracoccidioides grows as saprophytic mycelia that produce infective conidia propagules, which are inhaled into the lungs where the fungus converts to the pathogenic yeast form. From the lungs, Paracoccidioides may disseminate through blood and lymphatics to several other organs and tissues. During the last decade we have witnessed the generation of a large amount of transcriptomic data regarding the events leading to the morphological transition and host niche adaptation. In this review we summarize those findings and discuss the consequence of gene expression plasticity in the persistence and survival of this pathogen. In addition, we discuss the future trends on the host-pathogen studies and how new molecular strategies, such as RNA-seq, dual RNA-seq and Chip-Seq can be powerful tools to improve our understanding on the pathobiology of this systemic mycosis in Latin America.	0
Abstract2class: Taming a wild beast: Developing molecular tools and new methods to understand the biology of Zymoseptoria tritici Abstract: Septoria blotch of wheat is one of the world's most serious plant diseases, which is difficult to control due to the absence of durable host resistance and the increasing frequency of fungicide-resistance. The ascomycete fungus that causes the disease, Zymoseptoria tritici, has been very challenging to study. This special issue of Fungal Genetics and Biology showcases an integrated approach to method development and the innovation of new molecular tools to study the biology of Z. tritici. When considered together, these new methods will have a rapid and dramatic effect on our ability to combat this significant disease.	0
Abstract2class: Microtubule dynamics in mitosis in Aspergillus nidulans Abstract: Mitosis in Aspergillus nidulans is very rapid, requiring less than 5 min at 37 °C in germlings (Bergen and Morris, 1983). In this time the cytoplasmic microtubules (MTs) must disassemble, the mitotic spindle assemble, function and disassemble, and cytoplasmic MTs reassemble. It follows that cytoplasmic MTs must be extremely dynamic in this period and we were interested, in particular, in examining the processes of MT disassembly in prophase and reassembly in anaphase and telophase. We observed a diploid strain that expressed GFP-α-tubulin. We used a spinning disk confocal microscope that allowed rapid image capture, which proved necessary because microtubule dynamics were extremely rapid. We found, for the first time, that microtubule severing occurs in prophase in a filamentous fungus and that catastrophe rather than nucleation limits astral microtubule growth.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of secondary metabolism by chromatin structure and epigenetic codes Abstract: Chromatin, composed of DNA wrapped around an octamer of histones, is the relevant substrate for all genetic processes in eukaryotic nuclei. Changes in chromatin structure are associated with the activation and silencing of gene transcription and reversible post-translational modifications of histones are now known to direct chromatin structure transitions. Recent studies in several fungal species have identified a chromatin-based regulation of secondary metabolism (SM) gene clusters representing an upper-hierarchical level for the coordinated control of large chromosomal elements. Regulation by chromatin transition processes provides a mechanistic model to explain how different SM clusters located at dispersed genomic regions can be simultaneously silenced during primary metabolism. Activation of SM clusters has been shown to be associated with increased acetylation of histones H3 and H4 and, consequently, inhibition of histone de-acetylase activities also leads to increased production of secondary metabolites. New findings suggest that SM clusters are silenced by heterochromatic histone marks and that the "closed" heterochromatic structures are reversed during SM activation. This process is mediated by the conserved activator of SM, LaeA. Despite the increase in knowledge about these processes, much remains to be learned from chromatin-level regulation of SM. For example, which proteins "position" the chromatin restructuring signal onto SM clusters or how exactly LaeA works to mediate the low level of heterochromatic marks inside different clusters remain open questions. Answers to these and other chromatin-related questions would certainly complete our understanding of SM gene regulation and signaling and, because for many predicted SM clusters corresponding products have not been identified so far, anti-silencing strategies would open new ways for the identification of novel bioactive substances.	0
Abstract2class: Cell biology of Zymoseptoria tritici: Pathogen cell organization and wheat infection Abstract: Cell biological research in the wheat pathogen Zymoseptoria tritici (formerly Mycosphaerella graminicola) has led to a good understanding of the histology of the infection process. Expression profiling and bioinformatic approaches, combined with molecular studies on signaling pathways, effectors and potential necrosis factors provides first insight into the complex interplay between the host and the pathogen. Cell biological studies will help to further our understanding of the infection strategy of the fungus. The cellular organization and intracellular dynamics of the fungus itself is largely unexplored. Insight into essential cellular processes within the pathogen will expand our knowledge of the basic biology of Z. tritici, thereby providing putative new anti-fungal targets.	0
Abstract2class: Characterizing the role of the microtubule binding protein Bim1 in Cryptococcus neoformans Abstract: During sexual development the human fungal pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans undergoes a developmental transition from yeast-form growth to filamentous growth. This transition requires cellular restructuring to form a filamentous dikaryon. Dikaryotic growth also requires tightly controlled nuclear migration to ensure faithful replication and dissemination of genetic material to spore progeny. Although the gross morphological changes that take place during dikaryotic growth are largely known, the molecular underpinnings that control this process are uncharacterized. Here we identify and characterize a C. neoformans homolog of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae BIM1 gene, and establish the importance of BIM1 for proper filamentous growth of C. neoformans. Deletion of BIM1 leads to truncated sexual development filaments, a severe defect in diploid formation, and a block in monokaryotic fruiting. Our findings lead to a model consistent with a critical role for BIM1 in both filament integrity and nuclear congression that is mediated through the microtubule cytoskeleton.	0
Abstract2class: Chromatin analyses of Zymoseptoria tritici: Methods for chromatin immunoprecipitation followed by high-throughput sequencing (ChIP-seq) Abstract: The presence or absence of specific transcription factors, chromatin remodeling machineries, chromatin modification enzymes, post-translational histone modifications and histone variants all play crucial roles in the regulation of pathogenicity genes. Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) followed by high-throughput sequencing (ChIP-seq) provides an important tool to study genome-wide protein-DNA interactions to help understand gene regulation in the context of native chromatin. ChIP-seq is a convenient in vivo technique to identify, map and characterize occupancy of specific DNA fragments with proteins against which specific antibodies exist or which can be epitope-tagged in vivo. We optimized existing ChIP protocols for use in the wheat pathogen Zymoseptoria tritici and closely related sister species. Here, we provide a detailed method, underscoring which aspects of the technique are organism-specific. Library preparation for Illumina sequencing is described, as this is currently the most widely used ChIP-seq method. One approach for the analysis and visualization of representative sequence is described; improved tools for these analyses are constantly being developed. Using ChIP-seq with antibodies against H3K4me2, which is considered a mark for euchromatin or H3K9me3 and H3K27me3, which are considered marks for heterochromatin, the overall distribution of euchromatin and heterochromatin in the genome of Z. tritici can be determined. Our ChIP-seq protocol was also successfully applied to Z. tritici strains with high levels of melanization or aberrant colony morphology, and to different species of the genus (Z. ardabiliae and Z. pseudotritici), suggesting that our technique is robust. The methods described here provide a powerful framework to study new aspects of chromatin biology and gene regulation in this prominent wheat pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: NosA, a transcription factor important in Aspergillus fumigatus stress and developmental response, rescues the germination defect of a laeA deletion Abstract: Aspergillus fumigatus is an increasingly serious pathogen of immunocompromised patients, causing the often fatal disease invasive aspergillosis (IA). One A. fumigatus virulence determinant of IA is LaeA, a conserved virulence factor in pathogenic fungi. To further understand the role of LaeA in IA, the expression profile of ΔlaeA was compared to wild type, and several transcription factors were found significantly misregulated by LaeA loss. One of the transcription factors up-regulated over 4-fold in the ΔlaeA strain was Afu4g09710, similar in sequence to Aspergillus nidulans NosA, which is involved in sexual development. Here we assessed loss of nosA (ΔnosA) and overexpression of nosA (OE::nosA) on A. fumigatus in both a wild type and ΔlaeA background. Based on the multiple alterations of physiological development of single and double mutants, we suggest that NosA mediates the decreased radial growth and delayed conidial germination observed in ΔlaeA strains, the former in a light dependent manner. The ΔnosA mutant showed increased virulence in the Galleria mellonella larvae model of disseminated aspergillosis, potentially due to its increased growth and germination rate. Furthermore, the A. fumigatus nosA allele was able to partially remediate sexual development in an A. nidulans ΔnosA background. Likewise, the A. nidulans nosA allele was able to restore the menadione sensitivity defect of the A. fumigatus ΔnosA strain, suggesting conservation of function of the NosA protein in these two species.	0
Abstract2class: The heat shock protein (Hsp) 70 of Cryptococcus neoformans is associated with the fungal cell surface and influences the interaction between yeast and host cells Abstract: The pathogenic yeast Cryptococcus neoformans secretes numerous proteins, such as heat shock proteins, by unconventional mechanisms during its interaction with host cells. Hsp70 is a conserved chaperone that plays important roles in various cellular processes, including the interaction of fungi with host immune cells. Here, we report that sera from individuals with cryptococcosis infection recognize a recombinant C. neoformans Hsp70 (Cn_rHsp70). Moreover, immunofluorescence assays using antibodies against Cn_rHsp70 revealed the localization of this protein at the cell surface mainly in association with the capsular network. We found that the addition of Cn_rHsp70 positively modulated the interaction of C. neoformans with human alveolar epithelial cells and decreased fungal killing by mouse macrophages, without affecting phagocytosis rates. Immunofluorescence analysis showed that there was a competitive association among the receptor, GXM and Cn_rHsp70, indicating that the Hsp70-binding sites in host cells appear to be shared by glucuronoxylomannan (GXM), the major capsular antigen in C. neoformans. Our observations suggest additional mechanisms by which Hsp70 influences the interaction of C. neoformans with host cells.	0
Abstract2class: Expression and phylogenetic analyses of the Gel/Gas proteins of Tuber melanosporum provide insights into the function and evolution of glucan remodeling enzymes in fungi Abstract: The β(1,3)-glucanosyltransferases of the GH72 family are redundant enzymes that are essential for the formation and dynamic remodeling of the fungal wall during different stages of the life cycle. Four putative genes encoding glycosylphosphatidylinositol (GPI)-anchored β(1,3)-glucanosyltransferases, designated TmelGEL1, TmelGEL2, TmelGEL4 and TmelGAS4, have been annotated in the genome of Tuber melanosporum, an ectomycorrhizal fungus that also produces a hypogeous fruiting body (FB) of great commercial value (black truffle). This work focuses on the characterization and expression of this multigene family by taking advantage of a laser microdissection (LMD) technology that has been used to separate two distinct compartments in the FB, the hyphae and the asci containing the ascospores. Of the four genes, TmelGEL1 was the most up-regulated in the FB compared to the free-living mycelium. Inside the FB, the expression of TmelGEL1 was restricted to the hyphal compartment. A phylogenetic analysis of the Gel/Gas protein family of T. melanosporum was also carried out. A total of 237 GH72 proteins from 51 Ascomycotina and 3 Basidiomycota (outgroup) species were analyzed. The resulting tree provides insight into the evolution of the T. melanosporum proteins and identifies new GH72 paralogs/subfamilies. Moreover, it represents a starting point to formulate new hypotheses on the significance of the striking GH72 gene redundancy in fungal biology.	0
Abstract2class: Exploitation of sulfonylurea resistance marker and non-homologous end joining mutants for functional analysis in Zymoseptoria tritici Abstract: The lack of techniques for rapid assembly of gene deletion vectors, paucity of selectable marker genes available for genetic manipulation and low frequency of homologous recombination are major constraints in construction of gene deletion mutants in Zymoseptoria tritici. To address these issues, we have constructed ternary vectors for Agrobacterium tumefaciens mediated transformation of Z. tritici, which enable the single step assembly of multiple fragments via yeast recombinational cloning. The sulfonylurea resistance gene, which is a mutated allele of the Magnaporthe oryzae ILV2 gene, was established as a new dominant selectable marker for Z. tritici. To increase the frequency of homologous recombination, we have constructed Z. tritici strains deficient in the non-homologous end joining pathway of DNA double stranded break repair by inactivating the KU70 and KU80 genes. Targeted gene deletion frequency increased to more than 85% in both Z. tritici ku70 and ku80 null strains, compared to ⩽10% seen in the wild type parental strain IPO323. The in vitro growth and in planta pathogenicity of the Z. tritici ku70 and ku80 null strains were comparable to strain IPO323. Together these molecular tools add significantly to the platform available for genomic analysis through targeted gene deletion or promoter replacements and will facilitate large-scale functional characterization projects in Z. tritici.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic structure and parasitization-related ability divergence of a nematode fungal pathogen Hirsutella minnesotensis following founder effect in China Abstract: The fungal parasitoid, Hirsutella minnesotensis, is a dominant parasitoid of the soybean cyst nematode, which is a destruction pest of soybean crops. We investigated population structure and parasitism pattern in samples of H. minnesotensis in China to reveal the spreading pattern of this fungal species and the underlying mechanism generating the parasitization-related ability variability in Chinese population. In cross-inoculation experiments using different combinations of H. minnesotensis and soybean cyst nematode samples from China, most H. minnesotensis isolates fitted the criterion for "local versus foreign" parasitism profile, exhibiting local adaptation pattern to the SCN host. However, the genetic analysis of the single nucleotide polymorphisms with clone-corrected samples based on ten DNA fragments in 56 isolates of H. minnesotensis from China revealed that the Chinese H. minnesotensis population was a clonal lineage that underwent a founder event. The results demonstrated that the Chinese H. minnesotensis population had generated parasitization-related ability diversity after a founder event through individual variation or phenotypic plasticity other than local adaptation. The rapid divergence of parasitization-related abilities with simple genetic structure in Chinese H. minnesotensis population indicates a fundamental potential for the establishment of invasive fungal species, which is a prerequisite for biological control agents.	0
Abstract2class: Reporters for the analysis of N-glycosylation in Candida albicans Abstract: A large proportion of Candida albicans cell surface proteins are decorated post-translationally by glycosylation. Indeed N-glycosylation is critical for cell wall biogenesis in this major fungal pathogen and for its interactions with host cells. A detailed understanding of N-glycosylation will yield deeper insights into host-pathogen interactions. However, the analysis of N-glycosylation is extremely challenging because of the complexity and heterogeneity of these structures. Therefore, in an attempt to reduce this complexity and facilitate the analysis of N-glycosylation, we have developed new synthetic C. albicans reporters that carry a single N-linked glycosylation site derived from Saccharomyces cerevisiae Suc2. These glycosylation reporters, which carry C.albicans Hex1 or Sap2 signal sequences plus carboxy-terminal FLAG₃ and His₆ tags, were expressed in C.albicans from the ACT1 promoter. The reporter proteins were successfully secreted and hyperglycosylated by C.albicans cells, and their outer chain glycosylation was dependent on Och1 and Pmr1, which are required for N-mannan synthesis, but not on Mnt1 and Mnt2 which are only required for O-mannosylation. These reporters are useful tools for the experimental dissection of N-glycosylation and other related processes in C.albicans, such as secretion.	0
Abstract2class: Laser printing of silicon nanoparticles with resonant optical electric and magnetic responses Abstract: Silicon nanoparticles with sizes of a few hundred nanometres exhibit unique optical properties due to their strong electric and magnetic dipole responses in the visible range. Here we demonstrate a novel laser printing technique for the controlled fabrication and precise deposition of silicon nanoparticles. Using femtosecond laser pulses it is possible to vary the size of Si nanoparticles and their crystallographic phase. Si nanoparticles produced by femtosecond laser printing are initially in an amorphous phase (a-Si). They can be converted into the crystalline phase (c-Si) by irradiating them with a second femtosecond laser pulse. The resonance-scattering spectrum of c-Si nanoparticles, compared with that of a-Si nanoparticles, is blue shifted and its peak intensity is about three times higher. Resonant optical responses of dielectric nanoparticles are characterized by accumulation of electromagnetic energy in the excited modes, which can be used for the realization of nanoantennas, nanolasers and metamaterials.	0
Abstract2class: TREM-1 links dyslipidemia to inflammation and lipid deposition in atherosclerosis Abstract: Triggering receptor expressed on myeloid cells-1 (TREM-1) is a potent amplifier of pro-inflammatory innate immune responses, but its significance in non-infectious diseases remains unclear. Here, we demonstrate that TREM-1 promotes cardiovascular disease by exacerbating atherosclerosis. TREM-1 is expressed in advanced human atheromas and is highly upregulated under dyslipidemic conditions on circulating and on lesion-infiltrating myeloid cells in the Apoe-/- mouse model. TREM-1 strongly contributes to high-fat, high-cholesterol diet (HFCD)-induced monocytosis and synergizes with HFCD serum-derived factors to promote pro-inflammatory cytokine responses and foam cell formation of human monocyte/macrophages. Trem1-/-Apoe-/- mice exhibit substantially attenuated diet-induced atherogenesis. In particular, our results identify skewed monocyte differentiation and enhanced lipid accumulation as novel mechanisms through which TREM-1 can promote atherosclerosis. Collectively, our findings illustrate that dyslipidemia induces TREM-1 surface expression on myeloid cells and subsequently synergizes with TREM-1 to enhance monopoiesis, pro-atherogenic cytokine production and foam cell formation.	0
Abstract2class: Coding and decoding libraries of sequence-defined functional copolymers synthesized via photoligation Abstract: Designing artificial macromolecules with absolute sequence order represents a considerable challenge. Here we report an advanced light-induced avenue to monodisperse sequence-defined functional linear macromolecules up to decamers via a unique photochemical approach. The versatility of the synthetic strategy-combining sequential and modular concepts-enables the synthesis of perfect macromolecules varying in chemical constitution and topology. Specific functions are placed at arbitrary positions along the chain via the successive addition of monomer units and blocks, leading to a library of functional homopolymers, alternating copolymers and block copolymers. The in-depth characterization of each sequence-defined chain confirms the precision nature of the macromolecules. Decoding of the functional information contained in the molecular structure is achieved via tandem mass spectrometry without recourse to their synthetic history, showing that the sequence information can be read. We submit that the presented photochemical strategy is a viable and advanced concept for coding individual monomer units along a macromolecular chain.	0
Abstract2class: Bell's theorem for temporal order Abstract: Time has a fundamentally different character in quantum mechanics and in general relativity. In quantum theory events unfold in a fixed order while in general relativity temporal order is influenced by the distribution of matter. When matter requires a quantum description, temporal order is expected to become non-classical-a scenario beyond the scope of current theories. Here we provide a direct description of such a scenario. We consider a thought experiment with a massive body in a spatial superposition and show how it leads to entanglement of temporal orders between time-like events. This entanglement enables accomplishing a task, violation of a Bell inequality, that is impossible under local classical temporal order; it means that temporal order cannot be described by any pre-defined local variables. A classical notion of a causal structure is therefore untenable in any framework compatible with the basic principles of quantum mechanics and classical general relativity.	0
Abstract2class: Quantum interferometric visibility as a witness of general relativistic proper time Abstract: Current attempts to probe general relativistic effects in quantum mechanics focus on precision measurements of phase shifts in matter-wave interferometry. Yet, phase shifts can always be explained as arising because of an Aharonov-Bohm effect, where a particle in a flat space-time is subject to an effective potential. Here we propose a quantum effect that cannot be explained without the general relativistic notion of proper time. We consider interference of a 'clock'-a particle with evolving internal degrees of freedom-that will not only display a phase shift, but also reduce the visibility of the interference pattern. According to general relativity, proper time flows at different rates in different regions of space-time. Therefore, because of quantum complementarity, the visibility will drop to the extent to which the path information becomes available from reading out the proper time from the 'clock'. Such a gravitationally induced decoherence would provide the first test of the genuine general relativistic notion of proper time in quantum mechanics.	0
Abstract2class: 'Quantized' states of the charge-density wave in microcrystals of K(0.3)MoO3 Abstract: Quantization of electrons in solids can typically be observed in microscopic samples if the mean free path of the electrons exceeds the dimensions of the sample. A special case is a quasi one-dimensional metal, in which electrons condense into a collective state. This state, a charge-density wave (CDW), is a periodic modulation of both the lattice and electron density. Here, we demonstrate that samples of K(0.3)MoO(3), a typical CDW conductor, show jumps in conduction, regular in temperature. The jumps correspond to transitions between discrete states of the CDW and reveal the quantization of the wave vector of electrons near the Fermi vector. The effect involves both quantum and classical features of the CDW: the quantum condensate demonstrates modes, resembling those of a classical wave in a resonator. The analysis of the steps allows extremely precise studies of the CDW wave-vector variations and reveals new prospects for structural studies of electronic crystals and fine effects in their electronic states and lattice motions.	0
Abstract2class: CARMIL leading edge localization depends on a non-canonical PH domain and dimerization Abstract: CARMIL is an approximately 1,370-amino-acid cytoskeletal scaffold that has crucial roles in cell motility and tissue development through interactions with cytoskeletal effectors and regulation of capping protein at the leading edge. However, the mechanism of CARMIL leading edge localization is unknown. Here we show that CARMIL interacts directly with the plasma membrane through its amino-terminal region. The crystal structure of CARMIL1-668 reveals that this region harbours a non-canonical pleckstrin homology (PH) domain connected to a 16-leucine-rich repeat domain. Lipid binding is mediated by the PH domain, but is further enhanced by a central helical domain. Small-angle X-ray scattering reveals that the helical domain mediates antiparallel dimerization, properly positioning the PH domains for simultaneous membrane interaction. In cells, deletion of the PH domain impairs leading edge localization. The results support a direct membrane-binding mechanism for CARMIL localization at the leading edge, where it regulates cytoskeletal effectors and motility.	0
Abstract2class: Adipocyte hypertrophy and lipid dynamics underlie mammary gland remodeling after lactation Abstract: Adipocytes undergo pronounced changes in size and behavior to support diverse tissue functions, but the mechanisms that control these changes are not well understood. Mammary gland-associated white adipose tissue (mgWAT) regresses in support of milk fat production during lactation and expands during the subsequent involution of milk-producing epithelial cells, providing one of the most marked physiological examples of adipose growth. We examined cellular mechanisms and functional implications of adipocyte and lipid dynamics in the mouse mammary gland (MG). Using in vivo analysis of adipocyte precursors and genetic tracing of mature adipocytes, we find mature adipocyte hypertrophy to be a primary mechanism of mgWAT expansion during involution. Lipid tracking and lipidomics demonstrate that adipocytes fill with epithelial-derived milk lipid. Furthermore, ablation of mgWAT during involution reveals an essential role for adipocytes in milk trafficking from, and proper restructuring of, the mammary epithelium. This work advances our understanding of MG remodeling and tissue-specific roles for adipocytes.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular resolution imaging by post-labeling expansion single-molecule localization microscopy (Ex-SMLM) Abstract: Expansion microscopy (ExM) enables super-resolution fluorescence imaging of physically expanded biological samples with conventional microscopes. By combining ExM with single-molecule localization microscopy (SMLM) it is potentially possible to approach the resolution of electron microscopy. However, current attempts to combine both methods remained challenging because of protein and fluorophore loss during digestion or denaturation, gelation, and the incompatibility of expanded polyelectrolyte hydrogels with photoswitching buffers. Here we show that re-embedding of expanded hydrogels enables dSTORM imaging of expanded samples and demonstrate that post-labeling ExM resolves the current limitations of super-resolution microscopy. Using microtubules as a reference structure and centrioles, we demonstrate that post-labeling Ex-SMLM preserves ultrastructural details, improves the labeling efficiency and reduces the positional error arising from linking fluorophores into the gel thus paving the way for super-resolution imaging of immunolabeled endogenous proteins with true molecular resolution.	0
Abstract2class: Tracking down the molecular architecture of the synaptonemal complex by expansion microscopy Abstract: The synaptonemal complex (SC) is a meiosis-specific nuclear multiprotein complex that is essential for proper synapsis, recombination and segregation of homologous chromosomes. We combined structured illumination microscopy (SIM) with different expansion microscopy (ExM) protocols including U-ExM, proExM, and magnified analysis of the proteome (MAP) to investigate the molecular organization of the SC. Comparison with structural data obtained by single-molecule localization microscopy of unexpanded SCs allowed us to investigate ultrastructure preservation of expanded SCs. For image analysis, we developed an automatic image processing software that enabled unbiased comparison of structural properties pre- and post-expansion. Here, MAP-SIM provided the best results and enabled reliable three-color super-resolution microscopy of the SCs of a whole set of chromosomes in a spermatocyte with 20-30 nm spatial resolution. Our data demonstrate that post-expansion labeling by MAP-SIM improves immunolabeling efficiency and allowed us thus to unravel previously hidden details of the molecular organization of SCs.	0
Abstract2class: Activity-based protein profiling as a robust method for enzyme identification and screening in extremophilic Archaea Abstract: Archaea are characterized by a unique life style in often environmental extremes but their thorough investigation is currently hampered by a limited set of suitable in vivo research methodologies. Here, we demonstrate that in vivo activity-based protein profiling (ABPP) may be used to sensitively detect either native or heterogeneously expressed active enzymes in living archaea even under these extreme conditions. In combination with the development of a genetically engineered archaeal screening strain, ABPP can furthermore be used in functional enzyme screenings from (meta)genome samples. We anticipate that our ABPP approach may therefore find application in basic archaeal research but also in the discovery of novel enzymes from (meta)genome libraries.	0
Abstract2class: The genetic basis of natural variation in mushroom body size in Drosophila melanogaster Abstract: Genetic variation in brain size may provide the basis for the evolution of the brain and complex behaviours. The genetic substrate and the selective pressures acting on brain size are poorly understood. Here we use the Drosophila Genetic Reference Panel to map polymorphic variants affecting natural variation in mushroom body morphology. We identify 139 genes and 39 transcription factors and confirm effects on development and adult plasticity. We show correlations between morphology and aggression, sleep and lifespan. We propose that natural variation in adult brain size is controlled by interaction of the environment with gene networks controlling development and plasticity.	0
Abstract2class: Multiple entry pathways within the efflux transporter AcrB contribute to multidrug recognition Abstract: AcrB is the major multidrug exporter in Escherichia coli. Although several substrate-entrances have been identified, the specificity of these various transport paths remains unclear. Here we present evidence for a substrate channel (channel 3) from the central cavity of the AcrB trimer, which is connected directly to the deep pocket without first passing the switch-loop and the proximal pocket . Planar aromatic cations, such as ethidium, prefer channel 3 to channels 1 and 2. The efflux through channel 3 increases by targeted mutations and is not in competition with the export of drugs such as minocycline and erythromycin through channels 1 and 2. A switch-loop mutant, in which the pathway from the proximal to the deep pocket is hindered, can export only channel 3-utilizing drugs. The usage of multiple entrances thus contributes to the recognition and transport of a wide range of drugs with different physicochemical properties.	0
Abstract2class: Pressure-tuning the quantum spin Hamiltonian of the triangular lattice antiferromagnet Cs2CuCl4 Abstract: Quantum triangular-lattice antiferromagnets are important prototype systems to investigate numerous phenomena of the geometrical frustration in condensed matter. Apart from highly unusual magnetic properties, they possess a rich phase diagram (ranging from an unfrustrated square lattice to a quantum spin liquid), yet to be confirmed experimentally. One major obstacle in this area of research is the lack of materials with appropriate (ideally tuned) magnetic parameters. Using Cs2CuCl4 as a model system, we demonstrate an alternative approach, where, instead of the chemical composition, the spin Hamiltonian is altered by hydrostatic pressure. The approach combines high-pressure electron spin resonance and r.f. susceptibility measurements, allowing us not only to quasi-continuously tune the exchange parameters, but also to accurately monitor them. Our experiments indicate a substantial increase of the exchange coupling ratio from 0.3 to 0.42 at a pressure of 1.8 GPa, revealing a number of emergent field-induced phases.	0
Abstract2class: Reverberant 3D optical coherence elastography maps the elasticity of individual corneal layers Abstract: The elasticity mapping of individual layers in the cornea using non-destructive elastography techniques advances diagnosis and monitoring of ocular diseases and treatments in ophthalmology. However, transient Lamb waves, currently used in most dynamic optical coherence and ultrasound elastography techniques, diminish the translation of wave speed into shear/Young's modulus. Here, we present reverberant 3D optical coherence elastography (Rev3D-OCE), a novel approach leveraging the physical properties of diffuse fields in detecting elasticity gradients not only in the lateral direction, but also along the depth axis of the cornea. A Monte Carlo analysis, finite element simulations, and experiments in layered phantoms are conducted to validate the technique and to characterize the axial elastography resolution. Experiments in ex vivo porcine cornea at different intraocular pressures reveal that Rev3D-OCE enables the elastic characterization of single layers that matches the anatomical description of corneal layers with unprecedented contrast in the dynamic OCE field.	0
Abstract2class: Forming quasicrystals by monodisperse soft core particles Abstract: In traditional approaches to form quasicrystals, multiple competing length scales involved in particle size, shape, or interaction potential are believed to be necessary. It is unexpected that quasicrystals can be formed by monodisperse, isotropic particles interacting via a simple potential that does not contain explicit multiple length scales to stabilize quasicrystals. Here, we report the surprising finding of the formation of such quasicrystals in high-density systems of soft-core particles. Although there are length scales naturally introduced in our model systems, they do not establish the quasicrystalline order. In two dimensions, we find not only dodecagonal but also octagonal quasicrystals, which have not been found yet in soft quasicrystals. In such unexpected quasicrystals, particles tend to form pentagons, which are essential elements to develop the quasicrystalline order. Our findings thus pave an unexpected and simple way to form quasicrystals and pose a challenge for theoretical understanding of quasicrystals.	0
Abstract2class: High-speed atomic force microscopy highlights new molecular mechanism of daptomycin action Abstract: The increase in speed of the high-speed atomic force microscopy (HS-AFM) compared to that of the conventional AFM made possible the first-ever visualisation at the molecular-level of the activity of an antimicrobial peptide on a membrane. We investigated the medically prescribed but poorly understood lipopeptide Daptomycin under infection-like conditions (37 °C, bacterial lipid composition and antibiotic concentrations). We confirmed so far hypothetical models: Dap oligomerization and the existence of half pores. Moreover, we detected unknown molecular mechanisms: new mechanisms to form toroidal pores or to resist Dap action, and to unprecedently quantify the energy profile of interacting oligomers. Finally, the biological and medical relevance of the findings was ensured by a multi-scale multi-nativeness-from the molecule to the cell-correlation of molecular-level information from living bacteria (Bacillus subtilis strains) to liquid-suspended vesicles and supported-membranes using electron and optical microscopies and the lipid tension probe FliptR, where we found that the cells with a healthier state of their cell wall show smaller membrane deformations.	0
Abstract2class: Recurrent circuits within medial entorhinal cortex superficial layers support grid cell firing Abstract: Specialized cells in the medial entorhinal cortex (mEC), such as speed cells, head direction (HD) cells, and grid cells, are thought to support spatial navigation. To determine whether these computations are dependent on local circuits, we record neuronal activity in mEC layers II and III and optogenetically perturb locally projecting layer II pyramidal cells. We find that sharply tuned HD cells are only weakly responsive while speed, broadly tuned HD cells, and grid cells show pronounced transient excitatory and inhibitory responses. During the brief period of feedback inhibition, there is a reduction in specifically grid accuracy, which is corrected as firing rates return to baseline. These results suggest that sharp HD cells are embedded in a separate mEC sub-network from broad HD cells, speed cells, and grid cells. Furthermore, grid tuning is not only dependent on local processing but also rapidly updated by HD, speed, or other afferent inputs to mEC.	0
Abstract2class: Prolyl hydroxylase substrate adenylosuccinate lyase is an oncogenic driver in triple negative breast cancer Abstract: Protein hydroxylation affects protein stability, activity, and interactome, therefore contributing to various diseases including cancers. However, the transiency of the hydroxylation reaction hinders the identification of hydroxylase substrates. By developing an enzyme-substrate trapping strategy coupled with TAP-TAG or orthogonal GST- purification followed by mass spectrometry, we identify adenylosuccinate lyase (ADSL) as an EglN2 hydroxylase substrate in triple negative breast cancer (TNBC). ADSL expression is higher in TNBC than other breast cancer subtypes or normal breast tissues. ADSL knockout impairs TNBC cell proliferation and invasiveness in vitro and in vivo. An integrated transcriptomics and metabolomics analysis reveals that ADSL activates the oncogenic cMYC pathway by regulating cMYC protein level via a mechanism requiring ADSL proline 24 hydroxylation. Hydroxylation-proficient ADSL, by affecting adenosine levels, represses the expression of the long non-coding RNA MIR22HG, thus upregulating cMYC protein level. Our findings highlight the role of ADSL hydroxylation in controlling cMYC and TNBC tumorigenesis.	0
Abstract2class: Yin Yang 1 sustains biosynthetic demands during brain development in a stage-specific manner Abstract: The transcription factor Yin Yang 1 (YY1) plays an important role in human disease. It is often overexpressed in cancers and mutations can lead to a congenital haploinsufficiency syndrome characterized by craniofacial dysmorphisms and neurological dysfunctions, consistent with a role in brain development. Here, we show that Yy1 controls murine cerebral cortex development in a stage-dependent manner. By regulating a wide range of metabolic pathways and protein translation, Yy1 maintains proliferation and survival of neural progenitor cells (NPCs) at early stages of brain development. Despite its constitutive expression, however, the dependence on Yy1 declines over the course of corticogenesis. This is associated with decreasing importance of processes controlled by Yy1 during development, as reflected by diminished protein synthesis rates at later developmental stages. Thus, our study unravels a novel role for Yy1 as a stage-dependent regulator of brain development and shows that biosynthetic demands of NPCs dynamically change throughout development.	0
Abstract2class: Vms1p is a release factor for the ribosome-associated quality control complex Abstract: Eukaryotic cells employ the ribosome-associated quality control complex (RQC) to maintain homeostasis despite defects that cause ribosomes to stall. The RQC comprises the E3 ubiquitin ligase Ltn1p, the ATPase Cdc48p, Rqc1p, and Rqc2p. Upon ribosome stalling and splitting, the RQC assembles on the 60S species containing unreleased peptidyl-tRNA (60S:peptidyl-tRNA). Ltn1p and Rqc1p facilitate ubiquitination of the incomplete nascent chain, marking it for degradation. Rqc2p stabilizes Ltn1p on the 60S and recruits charged tRNAs to the 60S to catalyze elongation of the nascent protein with carboxy-terminal alanine and threonine extensions (CAT tails). By mobilizing the nascent chain, CAT tailing can expose lysine residues that are hidden in the exit tunnel, thereby supporting efficient ubiquitination. If the ubiquitin-proteasome system is overwhelmed or unavailable, CAT-tailed nascent chains can aggregate in the cytosol or within organelles like mitochondria. Here we identify Vms1p as a tRNA hydrolase that releases stalled polypeptides engaged by the RQC.	0
Abstract2class: UMI-linked consensus sequencing enables phylogenetic analysis of directed evolution Abstract: The success of protein evolution campaigns is strongly dependent on the sequence context in which mutations are introduced, stemming from pervasive non-additive interactions between a protein's amino acids ('intra-gene epistasis'). Our limited understanding of such epistasis hinders the correct prediction of the functional contributions and adaptive potential of mutations. Here we present a straightforward unique molecular identifier (UMI)-linked consensus sequencing workflow (UMIC-seq) that simplifies mapping of evolutionary trajectories based on full-length sequences. Attaching UMIs to gene variants allows accurate consensus generation for closely related genes with nanopore sequencing. We exemplify the utility of this approach by reconstructing the artificial phylogeny emerging in three rounds of directed evolution of an amine dehydrogenase biocatalyst via ultrahigh throughput droplet screening. Uniquely, we are able to identify lineages and their founding variant, as well as non-additive interactions between mutations within a full gene showing sign epistasis. Access to deep and accurate long reads will facilitate prediction of key beneficial mutations and adaptive potential based on in silico analysis of large sequence datasets.	0
Abstract2class: Direct and simultaneous observation of ultrafast electron and hole dynamics in germanium Abstract: Understanding excited carrier dynamics in semiconductors is crucial for the development of photovoltaics and efficient photonic devices. However, overlapping spectral features in optical pump-probe spectroscopy often render assignments of separate electron and hole carrier dynamics ambiguous. Here, ultrafast electron and hole dynamics in germanium nanocrystalline thin films are directly and simultaneously observed by ultrafast transient absorption spectroscopy in the extreme ultraviolet at the germanium M4,5 edge. We decompose the spectra into contributions of electronic state blocking and photo-induced band shifts at a carrier density of 8 × 1020 cm-3. Separate electron and hole relaxation times are observed as a function of hot carrier energies. A first-order electron and hole decay of ∼1 ps suggests a Shockley-Read-Hall recombination mechanism. The simultaneous observation of electrons and holes with extreme ultraviolet transient absorption spectroscopy paves the way for investigating few- to sub-femtosecond dynamics of both holes and electrons in complex semiconductor materials and across junctions.	0
Abstract2class: The cryo-EM structure of a γ-TuSC elucidates architecture and regulation of minimal microtubule nucleation systems Abstract: The nucleation of microtubules from αβ-tubulin subunits is mediated by γ-tubulin complexes, which vary in composition across organisms. Aiming to understand how de novo microtubule formation is achieved and regulated by a minimal microtubule nucleation system, we here determined the cryo-electron microscopy structure of the heterotetrameric γ-tubulin small complex (γ-TuSC) from C. albicans at near-atomic resolution. Compared to the vertebrate γ-tubulin ring complex (γ-TuRC), we observed a vastly remodeled interface between the SPC/GCP-γ-tubulin spokes, which stabilizes the complex and defines the γ-tubulin arrangement. The relative positioning of γ-tubulin subunits indicates that a conformational rearrangement of the complex is required for microtubule nucleation activity, which follows opposing directionality as predicted for the vertebrate γ-TuRC. Collectively, our data suggest that the assembly and regulation mechanisms of γ-tubulin complexes fundamentally differ between the microtubule nucleation systems in lower and higher eukaryotes.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a unique Ca2+-binding site in rat acid-sensing ion channel 3 Abstract: Acid-sensing ion channels (ASICs) evolved to sense changes in extracellular acidity with the divalent cation calcium (Ca2+) as an allosteric modulator and channel blocker. The channel-blocking activity is most apparent in ASIC3, as removing Ca2+ results in channel opening, with the site's location remaining unresolved. Here we show that a ring of rat ASIC3 (rASIC3) glutamates (Glu435), located above the channel gate, modulates proton sensitivity and contributes to the formation of the elusive Ca2+ block site. Mutation of this residue to glycine, the equivalent residue in chicken ASIC1, diminished the rASIC3 Ca2+ block effect. Atomistic molecular dynamic simulations corroborate the involvement of this acidic residue in forming a high-affinity Ca2+ site atop the channel pore. Furthermore, the reported observations provide clarity for past controversies regarding ASIC channel gating. Our findings enhance understanding of ASIC gating mechanisms and provide structural and energetic insights into this unique calcium-binding site.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of the linear ubiquitination of STAT1 controls antiviral interferon signaling Abstract: Linear ubiquitination is a critical regulator of inflammatory signaling pathways. However, linearly ubiquitinated substrates and the biological significance of linear ubiquitination is incompletely understood. Here, we show that STAT1 has linear ubiquitination at Lys511 and Lys652 residues in intact cells, which inhibits STAT1 binding to the type-I interferon receptor IFNAR2, thereby restricting STAT1 activation and resulting in type-I interferon signaling homeostasis. Linear ubiquitination of STAT1 is removed rapidly by OTULIN upon type-I interferon stimulation, which facilitates activation of interferon-STAT1 signaling. Furthermore, viruses induce HOIP expression through the NF-κB pathway, which in turn increases linear ubiquitination of STAT1 and thereby inhibits interferon antiviral response. Consequently, HOIL-1L heterozygous mice have active STAT1 signaling and enhanced responses to type-I interferons. These findings demonstrate a linear ubiquitination-mediated switch between homeostasis and activation of type-I interferon signaling, and suggest potential strategies for clinical antiviral therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Author Correction: Whole-exome SNP array identifies 15 new susceptibility loci for psoriasis Abstract: This corrects the article DOI: 10.1038/ncomms7793.	0
Abstract2class: Whole-exome SNP array identifies 15 new susceptibility loci for psoriasis Abstract: Genome-wide association studies (GWASs) have reproducibly associated ∼40 susceptibility loci with psoriasis. However, the missing heritability is evident and the contributions of coding variants have not yet been systematically evaluated. Here, we present a large-scale whole-exome array analysis for psoriasis consisting of 42,760 individuals. We discover 16 SNPs within 15 new genes/loci associated with psoriasis, including C1orf141, ZNF683, TMC6, AIM2, IL1RL1, CASR, SON, ZFYVE16, MTHFR, CCDC129, ZNF143, AP5B1, SYNE2, IFNGR2 and 3q26.2-q27 (P<5.00 × 10(-08)). In addition, we also replicate four known susceptibility loci TNIP1, NFKBIA, IL12B and LCE3D-LCE3E. These susceptibility variants identified in the current study collectively account for 1.9% of the psoriasis heritability. The variant within AIM2 is predicted to impact protein structure. Our findings increase the number of genetic risk factors for psoriasis and highlight new and plausible biological pathways in psoriasis.	0
Abstract2class: The stability of P2-layered sodium transition metal oxides in ambient atmospheres Abstract: Air-stability is one of the most important considerations for the practical application of electrode materials in energy-harvesting/storage devices, ranging from solar cells to rechargeable batteries. The promising P2-layered sodium transition metal oxides (P2-NaxTmO2) often suffer from structural/chemical transformations when contacted with moist air. However, these elaborate transitions and the evaluation rules towards air-stable P2-NaxTmO2 have not yet been clearly elucidated. Herein, taking P2-Na0.67MnO2 and P2-Na0.67Ni0.33Mn0.67O2 as key examples, we unveil the comprehensive structural/chemical degradation mechanisms of P2-NaxTmO2 in different ambient atmospheres by using various microscopic/spectroscopic characterizations and first-principle calculations. The extent of bulk structural/chemical transformation of P2-NaxTmO2 is determined by the amount of extracted Na+, which is mainly compensated by Na+/H+ exchange. By expanding our study to a series of Mn-based oxides, we reveal that the air-stability of P2-NaxTmO2 is highly related to their oxidation features in the first charge process and further propose a practical evaluating rule associated with redox couples for air-stable NaxTmO2 cathodes.	0
Abstract2class: Comprehensive analysis of antibody recognition in convalescent humans from highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1 infection Abstract: Understanding the mechanism of protective antibody recognition against highly pathogenic avian influenza A virus H5N1 in humans is critical for the development of effective therapies and vaccines. Here we report the crystal structure of three H5-specific human monoclonal antibodies bound to the globular head of hemagglutinin (HA) with distinct epitope specificities, neutralization potencies and breadth. A structural and functional analysis of these epitopes combined with those reported elsewhere identifies four major vulnerable sites on the globular head of H5N1 HA. Chimeric and vulnerable site-specific mutant pseudoviruses are generated to delineate broad neutralization specificities of convalescent sera from two individuals who recovered from the infection with H5N1 virus. Our results show that the four vulnerable sites on the globular head rather than the stem region are the major neutralizing targets, suggesting that during natural H5N1 infection neutralizing antibodies against the globular head work in concert to provide protective antibody-mediated immunity.	0
Abstract2class: Gut fungal dysbiosis correlates with reduced efficacy of fecal microbiota transplantation in Clostridium difficile infection Abstract: Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is effective in treating recurrent Clostridium difficile infection (CDI). Bacterial colonization in recipients after FMT has been studied, but little is known about the role of the gut fungal community, or mycobiota. Here, we show evidence of gut fungal dysbiosis in CDI, and that donor-derived fungal colonization in recipients is associated with FMT response. CDI is accompanied by over-representation of Candida albicans and decreased fungal diversity, richness, and evenness. Cure after FMT is associated with increased colonization of donor-derived fungal taxa in recipients. Recipients of successful FMT ("responders") display, after FMT, a high relative abundance of Saccharomyces and Aspergillus, whereas "nonresponders" and individuals treated with antibiotics display a dominant presence of Candida. High abundance of C. albicans in donor stool also correlates with reduced FMT efficacy. Furthermore, C. albicans reduces FMT efficacy in a mouse model of CDI, while antifungal treatment reestablishes its efficacy, supporting a potential causal relationship between gut fungal dysbiosis and FMT outcome.	0
Abstract2class: Differential regulation of breast cancer bone metastasis by PARP1 and PARP2 Abstract: PARP1 and PARP2 dual inhibitors, such as olaparib, have been recently FDA approved for the treatment of advanced breast and ovarian cancers. However, their effects on bone mass and bone metastasis are unknown. Here we show that olaparib increases breast cancer bone metastasis through PARP2, but not PARP1, specifically in the myeloid lineage, but not in the cancer cells. Olaparib treatment or PARP1/2 deletion promotes osteoclast differentiation and bone loss. Intriguingly, myeloid deletion of PARP2, but not PARP1, increases the population of immature myeloid cells in bone marrow, and impairs the expression of chemokines such as CCL3 through enhancing the transcriptional repression by β-catenin. Compromised CCL3 production in turn creates an immune-suppressive milieu by altering T cell subpopulations. Our findings warrant careful examination of current PARP inhibitors on bone metastasis and bone loss, and suggest cotreatment with CCL3, β-catenin inhibitors, anti-RANKL or bisphosphonates as potential combination therapy for PARP inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Habituation based synaptic plasticity and organismic learning in a quantum perovskite Abstract: A central characteristic of living beings is the ability to learn from and respond to their environment leading to habit formation and decision making. This behavior, known as habituation, is universal among all forms of life with a central nervous system, and is also observed in single-cell organisms that do not possess a brain. Here, we report the discovery of habituation-based plasticity utilizing a perovskite quantum system by dynamical modulation of electron localization. Microscopic mechanisms and pathways that enable this organismic collective charge-lattice interaction are elucidated by first-principles theory, synchrotron investigations, ab initio molecular dynamics simulations, and in situ environmental breathing studies. We implement a learning algorithm inspired by the conductance relaxation behavior of perovskites that naturally incorporates habituation, and demonstrate learning to forget: a key feature of animal and human brains. Incorporating this elementary skill in learning boosts the capability of neural computing in a sequential, dynamic environment.Habituation is a learning mechanism that enables control over forgetting and learning. Zuo, Panda et al., demonstrate adaptive synaptic plasticity in SmNiO3 perovskites to address catastrophic forgetting in a dynamic learning environment via hydrogen-induced electron localization.	0
Abstract2class: Visible and infrared three-wavelength modulated multi-directional actuators Abstract: In recent years, light-guided robotic soft actuators have attracted intense scientific attention and rapidly developed, although it still remains challenging to precisely and reversibly modulate the moving directions and shape morphing modes of soft actuators with ease of stimulating operation. Here we report a strategy of building a multi-stimuli-responsive liquid crystal elastomer soft actuator system capable of performing not only multi-directional movement, but also different shape morphing modes. This strategy is based on the selective stimulation of specific domains of the hierarchical structured actuator through the modulation of three wavelength bands (520, 808, 980 nm) of light stimulus, which release the actuation system from light scanning position/direction restriction. Three near-infrared dual-wavelength modulated actuators and one visible/infrared tri-wavelength modulated multi-directional walker robot are demonstrated in this work. These devices have broad application prospects in robotic and biomimetic technology.	0
Abstract2class: Alarmin-painted exosomes elicit persistent antitumor immunity in large established tumors in mice Abstract: Treating large established tumors is challenging for dendritic cell (DC)-based immunotherapy. DC activation with tumor cell-derived exosomes (TEXs) carrying multiple tumor-associated antigen can enhance tumor recognition. Adding a potent adjuvant, high mobility group nucleosome-binding protein 1 (HMGN1), boosts DCs' ability to activate T cells and improves vaccine efficiency. Here, we demonstrate that TEXs painted with the functional domain of HMGN1 (TEX-N1ND) via an exosomal anchor peptide potentiates DC immunogenicity. TEX-N1ND pulsed DCs (DCTEX-N1ND) elicit long-lasting antitumor immunity and tumor suppression in different syngeneic mouse models with large tumor burdens, most notably large, poorly immunogenic orthotopic hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). DCTEX-N1ND show increased homing to lymphoid tissues and contribute to augmented memory T cells. Importantly, N1ND-painted serum exosomes from cancer patients also promote DC activation. Our study demonstrates the potency of TEX-N1ND to strengthen DC immunogenicity and to suppress large established tumors, and thus provides an avenue to improve DC-based immunotherapy.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic microbial communities of heterotrophs and phototrophs facilitate sustainable growth Abstract: Microbial communities comprised of phototrophs and heterotrophs hold great promise for sustainable biotechnology. Successful application of these communities relies on the selection of appropriate partners. Here we construct four community metabolic models to guide strain selection, pairing phototrophic, sucrose-secreting Synechococcus elongatus with heterotrophic Escherichia coli K-12, Escherichia coli W, Yarrowia lipolytica, or Bacillus subtilis. Model simulations reveae metabolic exchanges that sustain the heterotrophs in minimal media devoid of any organic carbon source, pointing to S. elongatus-E. coli K-12 as the most active community. Experimental validation of flux predictions for this pair confirms metabolic interactions and potential production capabilities. Synthetic communities bypass member-specific metabolic bottlenecks (e.g. histidine- and transport-related reactions) and compensate for lethal genetic traits, achieving up to 27% recovery from lethal knockouts. The study provides a robust modelling framework for the rational design of synthetic communities with optimized growth sustainability using phototrophic partners.	0
Abstract2class: Rational programming of history-dependent logic in cellular populations Abstract: Genetic programs operating in a history-dependent fashion are ubiquitous in nature and govern sophisticated processes such as development and differentiation. The ability to systematically and predictably encode such programs would advance the engineering of synthetic organisms and ecosystems with rich signal processing abilities. Here we implement robust, scalable history-dependent programs by distributing the computational labor across a cellular population. Our design is based on standardized recombinase-driven DNA scaffolds expressing different genes according to the order of occurrence of inputs. These multicellular computing systems are highly modular, do not require cell-cell communication channels, and any program can be built by differential composition of strains containing well-characterized logic scaffolds. We developed automated workflows that researchers can use to streamline program design and optimization. We anticipate that the history-dependent programs presented here will support many applications using cellular populations for material engineering, biomanufacturing and healthcare.	0
Abstract2class: Enantioselective reduction of sulfur-containing cyclic imines through biocatalysis Abstract: The 3-thiazolidine ring represents an important structural motif in life sciences molecules. However, up to now reduction of 3-thiazolines as an attractive approach failed by means of nearly all chemical reduction technologies for imines. Thus, the development of an efficient general and enantioselective synthetic technology giving access to a range of such heterocycles remained a challenge. Here we present a method enabling the reduction of 3-thiazolines with high conversion and high to excellent enantioselectivity (at least 96% and up to 99% enantiomeric excess). This technology is based on the use of imine reductases as catalysts, has a broad substrate range, and is also applied successfully to other sulfur-containing heterocyclic imines such as 2H-1,4-benzothiazines. Moreover the effiency of this biocatalytic technology platform is demonstrated in an initial process development leading to 99% conversion and 99% enantiomeric excess at a substrate loading of 18 g/L in the presence of designer cells.	0
Abstract2class: Ultra-thin van der Waals crystals as semiconductor quantum wells Abstract: Control over the quantization of electrons in quantum wells is at the heart of the functioning of modern advanced electronics; high electron mobility transistors, semiconductor and Capasso terahertz lasers, and many others. However, this avenue has not been explored in the case of 2D materials. Here we apply this concept to van der Waals heterostructures using the thickness of exfoliated crystals to control the quantum well dimensions in few-layer semiconductor InSe. This approach realizes precise control over the energy of the subbands and their uniformity guarantees extremely high quality electronic transport in these systems. Using tunnelling and light emitting devices, we reveal the full subband structure by studying resonance features in the tunnelling current, photoabsorption and light emission spectra. In the future, these systems could enable development of elementary blocks for atomically thin infrared and THz light sources based on intersubband optical transitions in few-layer van der Waals materials.	0
Abstract2class: Yeast homologs of human MCUR1 regulate mitochondrial proline metabolism Abstract: Mitochondria house evolutionarily conserved pathways of carbon and nitrogen metabolism that drive cellular energy production. Mitochondrial bioenergetics is regulated by calcium uptake through the mitochondrial calcium uniporter (MCU), a multi-protein complex whose assembly in the inner mitochondrial membrane is facilitated by the scaffold factor MCUR1. Intriguingly, many fungi that lack MCU contain MCUR1 homologs, suggesting alternate functions. Herein, we characterize Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologs Put6 and Put7 of MCUR1 as regulators of mitochondrial proline metabolism. Put6 and Put7 are tethered to the inner mitochondrial membrane in a large hetero-oligomeric complex, whose abundance is regulated by proline. Loss of this complex perturbs mitochondrial proline homeostasis and cellular redox balance. Yeast cells lacking either Put6 or Put7 exhibit a pronounced defect in proline utilization, which can be corrected by the heterologous expression of human MCUR1. Our work uncovers an unexpected role of MCUR1 homologs in mitochondrial proline metabolism.	0
Abstract2class: Mapping tenascin-C interaction with toll-like receptor 4 reveals a new subset of endogenous inflammatory triggers Abstract: Pattern recognition underpins innate immunity; the accurate identification of danger, including infection, injury, or tumor, is key to an appropriately targeted immune response. Pathogen detection is increasingly well defined mechanistically, but the discrimination of endogenous inflammatory triggers remains unclear. Tenascin-C, a matrix protein induced upon tissue damage and expressed by tumors, activates toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4)-mediated sterile inflammation. Here we map three sites within tenascin-C that directly and cooperatively interact with TLR4. We also identify a conserved inflammatory epitope in related proteins from diverse families, and demonstrate that its presence targets molecules for TLR detection, while its absence enables escape of innate immune surveillance. These data reveal a unique molecular code that defines endogenous proteins as inflammatory stimuli by marking them for recognition by TLRs.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoproteomic profiling reveals that cathepsin D off-target activity drives ocular toxicity of β-secretase inhibitors Abstract: Inhibition of β-secretase BACE1 is considered one of the most promising approaches for treating Alzheimer's disease. Several structurally distinct BACE1 inhibitors have been withdrawn from development after inducing ocular toxicity in animal models, but the target mediating this toxicity has not been identified. Here we use a clickable photoaffinity probe to identify cathepsin D (CatD) as a principal off-target of BACE1 inhibitors in human cells. We find that several BACE1 inhibitors blocked CatD activity in cells with much greater potency than that displayed in cell-free assays with purified protein. Through a series of exploratory toxicology studies, we show that quantifying CatD target engagement in cells with the probe is predictive of ocular toxicity in vivo. Taken together, our findings designate off-target inhibition of CatD as a principal driver of ocular toxicity for BACE1 inhibitors and more generally underscore the power of chemical proteomics for discerning mechanisms of drug action.	0
Abstract2class: An Hsp90 co-chaperone protein in yeast is functionally replaced by site-specific posttranslational modification in humans Abstract: Heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) is an essential eukaryotic molecular chaperone. To properly chaperone its clientele, Hsp90 proceeds through an ATP-dependent conformational cycle influenced by posttranslational modifications (PTMs) and assisted by a number of co-chaperone proteins. Although Hsp90 conformational changes in solution have been well-studied, regulation of these complex dynamics in cells remains unclear. Phosphorylation of human Hsp90α at the highly conserved tyrosine 627 has previously been reported to reduce client interaction and Aha1 binding. Here we report that these effects are due to a long-range conformational impact inhibiting Hsp90α N-domain dimerization and involving a region of the middle domain/carboxy-terminal domain interface previously suggested to be a substrate binding site. Although Y627 is not phosphorylated in yeast, we demonstrate that the non-conserved yeast co-chaperone, Hch1, similarly affects yeast Hsp90 (Hsp82) conformation and function, raising the possibility that appearance of this PTM in higher eukaryotes represents an evolutionary substitution for HCH1.	0
Abstract2class: Carbohydrate scaffolds as glycosyltransferase inhibitors with in vivo antibacterial activity Abstract: The rapid rise of multi-drug-resistant bacteria is a global healthcare crisis, and new antibiotics are urgently required, especially those with modes of action that have low-resistance potential. One promising lead is the liposaccharide antibiotic moenomycin that inhibits bacterial glycosyltransferases, which are essential for peptidoglycan polymerization, while displaying a low rate of resistance. Unfortunately, the lipophilicity of moenomycin leads to unfavourable pharmacokinetic properties that render it unsuitable for systemic administration. In this study, we show that using moenomycin and other glycosyltransferase inhibitors as templates, we were able to synthesize compound libraries based on novel pyranose scaffold chemistry, with moenomycin-like activity, but with improved drug-like properties. The novel compounds exhibit in vitro inhibition comparable to moenomycin, with low toxicity and good efficacy in several in vivo models of infection. This approach based on non-planar carbohydrate scaffolds provides a new opportunity to develop new antibiotics with low propensity for resistance induction.	0
Abstract2class: Somatic CRISPR/Cas9-mediated tumour suppressor disruption enables versatile brain tumour modelling Abstract: In vivo functional investigation of oncogenes using somatic gene transfer has been successfully exploited to validate their role in tumorigenesis. For tumour suppressor genes this has proven more challenging due to technical aspects. To provide a flexible and effective method for investigating somatic loss-of-function alterations and their influence on tumorigenesis, we have established CRISPR/Cas9-mediated somatic gene disruption, allowing for in vivo targeting of TSGs. Here we demonstrate the utility of this approach by deleting single (Ptch1) or multiple genes (Trp53, Pten, Nf1) in the mouse brain, resulting in the development of medulloblastoma and glioblastoma, respectively. Using whole-genome sequencing (WGS) we characterized the medulloblastoma-driving Ptch1 deletions in detail and show that no off-targets were detected in these tumours. This method provides a fast and convenient system for validating the emerging wealth of novel candidate tumour suppressor genes and the generation of faithful animal models of human cancer.	0
Abstract2class: Tethering of vesicles to the Golgi by GMAP210 controls LAT delivery to the immune synapse Abstract: The T cell immune synapse is a site of intense vesicular trafficking. Here we show that the golgin GMAP210, known to capture vesicles and organize membrane traffic at the Golgi, is involved in the vesicular transport of LAT to the immune synapse. Upon activation, more GMAP210 interact with LAT-containing vesicles and go together with LAT to the immune synapse. Regulating LAT recruitment and LAT-dependent signaling, GMAP210 controls T cell activation. Using a rerouting and capture assay, we show that GMAP210 captures VAMP7-decorated vesicles. Overexpressing different domains of GMAP210, we also show that GMAP210 allows their specific delivery to the immune synapse by tethering LAT-vesicles to the Golgi. Finally, in a model of ectopic expression of LAT in ciliated cells, we show that GMAP210 tethering activity controls the delivery of LAT to the cilium. Hence, our results reveal a function for the golgin GMAP210 conveying specific vesicles to the immune synapse.	0
Abstract2class: Dominant oceanic bacteria secure phosphate using a large extracellular buffer Abstract: The ubiquitous SAR11 and Prochlorococcus bacteria manage to maintain a sufficient supply of phosphate in phosphate-poor surface waters of the North Atlantic subtropical gyre. Furthermore, it seems that their phosphate uptake may counter-intuitively be lower in more productive tropical waters, as if their cellular demand for phosphate decreases there. By flow sorting (33)P-phosphate-pulsed (32)P-phosphate-chased cells, we demonstrate that both Prochlorococcus and SAR11 cells exploit an extracellular buffer of labile phosphate up to 5-40 times larger than the amount of phosphate required to replicate their chromosomes. Mathematical modelling is shown to support this conclusion. The fuller the buffer the slower the cellular uptake of phosphate, to the point that in phosphate-replete tropical waters, cells can saturate their buffer and their phosphate uptake becomes marginal. Hence, buffer stocking is a generic, growth-securing adaptation for SAR11 and Prochlorococcus bacteria, which lack internal reserves to reduce their dependency on bioavailable ambient phosphate.	0
Abstract2class: Expression of the genes for guanyl-specific ribonucleases from Bacillus intermedius and Bacillus pumilus is regulated by the two component signal transduction system PhoP-PhoR in B. subtilis Abstract: Promoters of the genes for guanyl-specific ribonucleases, secreted by B. intermedius (binase) and B. pumilus (Rnase Bp) in phosphate deficient conditions, contain regions similar to appropriate consensus sequences in promoters of the PHO regulated genes of B. subtilis. A number of genes expressed in response to phosphate starvation in B. subtilis are regulated by the two component signal transduction system PhoP-PhoR. Expression of recombinant genes for binase and RNase Bp in B. subtilis strains with mutations in the regulatory protein genes of the PHO regulon was studied. Their expression is strongly regulated by the regulatory proteins of the B. subtilis PHO regulon.	0
Abstract2class: Detection of antitumor and antimicrobial activities in marine organism associated actinomycetes isolated from the Taiwan Strait, China Abstract: The purpose of this work was to screen the actinomycetes having antitumor or antimicrobial activity, which were isolated from the surface, epidermis and intestines of sea plants and animals collected from the Taiwan Strait, China. Antitumor activity was studied by the MTT assay and DNA target activity was studied by the biochemical induction assay while antimicrobial activity was determined by observing bacterial and fungal growth inhibition. 20. 6% of marine actinomycete cultures displayed cytotoxic activity on P388 cells at dilutions at and below 1:320 and 18.6% on KB cells. 2. 96% of marine actinomycete cultures displayed inducing activity. Among all marine actinomycetes isolated, the genus Micromonospora has the highest positive rate of inducing activity. However, most antimicrobial activity was found in the genus Streptomyces. These results indicate that marine organism associated actinomycetes could be a promising source for antitumor and antimicrobial bioactive agents.	0
Abstract2class: Adherence to host extracellular matrix and serum components by Enterococcus faecium isolates of diverse origin Abstract: Enterococcus faecium has emerged as an important cause of nosocomial infections over the last two decades. We recently demonstrated collagen type I (CI) as a common adherence target for some E. faecium isolates and a significant correlation was found to exist between acm-mediated CI adherence and clinical origin. Here, we evaluated 60 diverse E. faecium isolates for their adherence to up to 15 immobilized host extracellular matrix and serum components. Adherence phenotypes were most commonly observed to fibronectin (Fn) (20% of the 60 isolates), fibrinogen (17%) and laminin (Ln) (13%), while only one or two of the isolates adhered to collagen type V (CV), transferrin or lactoferrin and none to the other host components tested. Adherence to Fn and Ln was almost exclusively restricted to clinical isolates, especially the endocarditis-enriched nosocomial genogroup clonal complex 17 (CC17). Thus, the ability to adhere to Fn and Ln, in addition to CI, may have contributed to the emergence and adaptation of E. faecium, in particular CC17, as a nosocomial pathogen.	0
Abstract2class: Measurement and modeling of multiple substrate oxidation by methanotrophs at 20 degrees C Abstract: Earlier experiments have shown that when Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b was grown at 30 degrees C, greater growth and degradation of chlorinated ethenes was observed under particulate methane monooxygenase (pMMO)-expressing conditions than sMMO-expressing conditions. The effect of temperature on the growth and ability of methanotrophs to degrade chlorinated ethenes, however, has not been examined, particularly temperatures more representative of groundwater systems. Thus, experiments were performed at 20 degrees C to examine the effect of mixtures of trichloroethylene, trans-dichloroethylene and vinyl chloride in the presence of methane on the growth and ability of Methylosinus trichosporium OB3b cells to degrade these pollutants. Although the maximal rates of chlorinated ethane degradation were greater by M. trichosporium OB3b expressing sMMO as compared with the same cell expressing pMMO, the growth and ability of sMMO-expressing cells to degrade these cosubstrates was substantially inhibited in their presence as compared with the same cell expressing pMMO. The Delta model developed earlier was found to be useful for predicting the effect of chlorinated ethenes on the growth and ability of M. trichosporium OB3b to degrade these compounds at a growth temperature of 20 degrees C. Finally, it was also discovered that at 20 degrees C, cells expressing pMMO exhibited faster turnover of methane than sMMO-expressing cells, unlike that found earlier at 30 degrees C, suggesting that temperature may exert selective pressure on methanotrophic communities to express sMMO or pMMO.	0
Abstract2class: Fosfomycin suppresses RS-virus-induced Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae adhesion to respiratory epithelial cells via the platelet-activating factor receptor Abstract: Human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) sometimes causes acute and severe lower respiratory tract illness in infants and young children. The platelet-activating factor (PAF) receptor, which is a receptor for Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae, is upregulated by RSV infection in the pulmonary epithelial cell line A549. Fosfomycin, an antimicrobial agent, significantly suppressed PAF receptor induction by RSV infection at the mRNA and cell surface expression levels. Fosfomycin also suppressed RSV-induced adhesion of fluorescence-labeled S. pneumoniae and H. influenzae cells, as determined by flow cytometry and fluorescence microscopy. The RSV-induced bacterial adhesion was suggested to be host-PAF-receptor and bacterial-phosphocholine mediated. Fosfomycin, which has been shown to exhibit antimicrobial and immunomodulatory activities, was found here to suppress adhesion by disease-causing bacteria. Thus, fosfomycin might prevent secondary bacterial infection during RSV infection.	0
Abstract2class: The type III secretion system is involved in the invasion and intracellular survival of Escherichia coli K1 in human brain microvascular endothelial cells Abstract: Type III secretion systems (T3SSs) have been documented in many Gram-negative bacteria, including enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli. We have previously shown the existence of a putative T3SS in meningitis-causing E. coli K1 strains, referred to as E. coli type III secretion 2 (ETT2). The sequence of ETT2 in meningitis-causing E. coli K1 strain EC10 (O7:K1) revealed that ETT2 comprises the epr, epa and eiv genes, but bears mutations, deletions and insertions. We constructed the EC10 mutants deleted of ETT2 or eivA gene, and their contributions to bacterial pathogenesis were evaluated in human brain microvascular endothelial cells (HBMECs). The deletion mutant of ETT2 exhibited defects in invasion and intracellular survival compared with the parental E. coli K1 strain EC10. The mutant deleted of eivA within ETT2 was also significantly defective in invasion and intracellular survival in HBMECs, and the defects of the eiv mutant were restored to the levels of the parent strain EC10 by transcomplementation. These findings suggest that ETT2 plays a role in the pathogenesis of E. coli K1 infection, including meningitis.	0
Abstract2class: Transcription and genetic analyses of a putative N-acetylmuramyl-L-alanine amidase in Borrelia burgdorferi Abstract: In this study, a putative N-acetylmuramyl-l-alanine amidase gene (bb0666) was identified in the genome of the Lyme disease spirochete Borrelia burgdorferi. This protein shares c. 30% identity with its counterparts from other bacteria. Reverse transcriptase-PCR analysis showed that bb0666 along with two other genes (bb0665 and bb0667) are cotranscribed with the motility and chemotaxis genes. This newly identified operon is termed as pami. Sequence and primer extension analyses showed that pami was regulated by a sigma(70)-like promoter, which is designated as P(ami). Transcriptional analysis using a gene encoding green fluorescence protein as a reporter demonstrated that P(ami) functions in both Escherichia coli and B. burgdorferi. Genetic studies showed that the Deltabb0666 mutant grows in long chains of unseparated cells, whose phenotype is similar to its counterparts in E. coli. Taken together, these results demonstrate that bb0666 is a homolog of MurNac-LAAs that contributes to the cell division of B. burgdorferi.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and analysis of genes specifically expressed during fruiting body development in the basidiomycete Flammulina velutipes by fluorescence differential display Abstract: Using fluorescence differential display, cDNAs specifically expressed at the primordial stage of fruiting body development were isolated from the basidiomycete, Flammulina velutipes. Seventy-five cDNAs were sequenced and compared with the amino-acid sequences of proteins in the database by BLASTX search. Significant similarity was found for 29 cDNAs coding for proteins with known function, GTP-binding protein, growth factor, ubiquitin-proteasome, cytochrome P450 and hydrophobin, all of which would be associated with fruiting body development. Seventeen cDNAs were not similar to proteins in the database and may represent unique genes that play specific roles in the process of fruiting in F. velutipes.	0
Abstract2class: Esterase SeE of Streptococcus equi ssp. equi is a novel nonspecific carboxylic ester hydrolase Abstract: Extracellular carboxylic ester hydrolases are produced by many bacterial pathogens and have been shown recently to be important for virulence of some pathogens. However, these hydrolases are poorly characterized in enzymatic activity. This study prepared and characterized the secreted ester hydrolase of Streptococcus equi ssp. equi (designated SeE for S. equi esterase). SeE hydrolyzes ethyl acetate, acetylsalicylic acid, and tributyrin but not ethyl butyrate. This substrate specificity pattern does not match those of the three conventional types of nonspecific carboxylic ester hydrolases (carboxylesterases, arylesterases, and acetylesterases). To determine whether SeE has lipase activity, a number of triglycerides and vinyl esters were tested in SeE-catalyzed hydrolysis. SeE does not hydrolyze triglycerides and vinyl esters of long-chain carboxylic acids nor display interfacial activation, indicating that SeE is not a lipase. Like the conventional carboxylesterases, SeE is inhibited by di-isopropylfluorophosphate. These findings indicate that SeE is a novel carboxylesterase with optimal activity for acetyl esters.	0
Abstract2class: Fatty acids synthesized by oral treponemes in chemically defined media Abstract: OMIZ-W68, a chemically defined medium that contains no long-chain fatty acids and yet supports in vitro proliferation of a wide range of fastidious oral anaerobes, is described. The type strains of Treponema denticola, Treponema lecithinolyticum, Treponema maltophilum, Treponema pectinovorum, Treponema socranskii, and an as yet unpublished canine Treponema species could be propagated indefinitely in this medium with sugar supplements for the saccharolytic species. Analysis of the cellular fatty acids (CFA) of these treponemes by gas chromatography demonstrated the synthesis of C14, C15, C16, and C17 fatty acids (linear-, iso-, and anteiso-forms) in various proportions, but neither hydroxy- nor unsaturated fatty acids. However, between 0% and 40% of the eluted material could not be identified. The proportions of CFAs differed not only between species but also between the eight strains of Treponema denticola investigated. Replacing OMIZ-W68 by a derivative minimal essential medium (OMIZ-M/TDCDK) developed for Treponema denticola had little effect on the CFA profiles. In contrast, the CFA profiles of treponemes grown in OMIZ-W68 showed at best minor similarity to the strains from the Moore library of the Virginia Polytechnic Institute, which had been grown in media containing serum, peptones, and yeast extract.	0
Abstract2class: OxyR is involved in coordinate regulation of expression of fimA and sod genes in Porphyromonas gingivalis Abstract: Survival of Porphyromonas gingivalis in the constantly changing oral environment depends on its ability to alter gene expression. We demonstrate here that P. gingivalis activates superoxide dismutase expression in response to oxidative stress and represses expression of FimA, a subunit of major fimbriae. Coordinated expression of fimA and sod is regulated by the redox-sensing transcription factor OxyR. Mutations in the oxyR gene result in a decreased expression of sod and in an elevated expression of fimA. In addition, we provide evidence that regulation of expression of fimA and sod by OxyR is mediated by direct interaction of OxyR and the promoters of these two genes. These results suggest that OxyR plays an important role in regulation of expression of virulence genes in P. gingivalis.	0
Abstract2class: Porphyromonas gingivalis short fimbriae are regulated by a FimS/FimR two-component system Abstract: Porphyromonas gingivalis possesses two distinct fimbriae. The long (FimA) fimbriae have been extensively studied. Expression of the fimA gene is tightly controlled by a two-component system (FimS/FimR) through a cascade regulation. The short (Mfa1) fimbriae are less understood. The authors have recently demonstrated that both fimbriae are required for formation of P. gingivalis biofilms. Here, the novel finding that FimR, a member of the two-component regulatory system, is a transcriptional activator of the mfa1 gene is promoted. Unlike the regulatory mechanism of FimA by FimR, this regulation of the mfa1 gene is accomplished by FimR directly binding to the promoter region of mfa1.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and sequence determination of the capsid protein gene of human astrovirus serotype 1 Abstract: We present the sequence of an open reading frame (ORF) at the 3' end of human astrovirus serotype 1. Primer extension experiments showed that the RNA expressing this gene is shorter than the complete ORF, and could form a protein of M(r) 85,540. The protein was expressed by recombinant baculovirus and was recognized by anti-virion serum, indicating a structural role. Sequence comparison indicates that astrovirus serotypes 1 and 2 differ markedly in the C-terminal half of the protein but are well conserved towards the N-terminus.	0
Abstract2class: Degradation of the polyamine alkaloid aphelandrine by endophytic fungi isolated from Aphelandra tetragona Abstract: Members of the genus Aphelandra (Acanthaceae) produce rare macrocyclic polyamine alkaloids which consist of spermine acylated with two units of 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid. Endophytic fungi were isolated from roots and shoots of Aphelandra tetragona and tested for their ability to metabolize the main alkaloid aphelandrine, which accumulates exclusively in the roots of the plants. Several endophytes were able to metabolize aphelandrine but only root endophytes belonging to the Nectriaceae were good metabolizers. In addition, the endophytes were grown on an agar medium containing putrescine, spermidine, or spermine as the sole nitrogen source. All fungi were able to grow on putrescine, but only the good aphelandrine metabolizers grew well on spermidine or spermine. Acremonium sp. 15, one of the most active metabolizers, grew also on a medium containing aphelandrine as sole nitrogen source. A number of strains thought to be conspecific with Acremonium sp. 15 were also tested for their ability to metabolize aphelandrine. The ability of the endophytes to metabolize aphelandrine suggests an ecological adaptation of the symbionts to their host. The possibility of using the aphelandrine metabolism as a taxonomic character is briefly discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Infectivity of a glucan synthesis-defective mutant of Streptococcus gordonii (Challis) in a rat endocarditis model Abstract: Streptococcus gordonii, a member of the human indigenous oral microflora, colonizes smooth tooth surfaces and contributes to dental plaque formation. Although it is not recognized as being a cariogenic pathogen, it may cause endocarditis following invasion of the bloodstream. Using allelic exchange mutagenesis, we have constructed a mutant of S. gordonii (Challis) which is defective in its single functional glucosyltransferase gene and, hence, is unable to synthesize glucan exopolymers from sucrose. When examined in a rat endocarditis model, the sucrose-grown mutant did not differ significantly from S. gordonii wild-type, suggesting that glucan polymers did not contribute to infectivity. This result was in striking contrast to that previously observed with a polymer-defective S. mutans mutant.	0
Abstract2class: A Crh-specific function in carbon catabolite repression in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Carbon catabolite repression in Bacillus subtilis is mediated by phosphorylation of the phosphoenolpyruvate:carbohydrate phosphotransferase system intermediate HPr at a serine residue catalyzed by HPr kinase. The orthologous protein Crh functions in a similar way, but, unlike HPr, it is not functional in carbohydrate uptake. A specific function for Crh is not known. The role of HPr and Crh in repressing the citM gene encoding the Mg(2+)-citrate transporter was investigated during growth of B. subtilis on different carbon sources. In glucose minimal medium, full repression was supported by both HPr and Crh. Strains deficient in Crh or the regulatory function of HPr revealed the same repression as the wild-type strain. In contrast, in a medium containing succinate and glutamate, repression was specifically mediated via Crh. Repression was relieved in the Crh-deficient strain, but still present in the HPr mutant strain. The data are the first demonstration of a Crh-specific function in B. subtilis and suggest a role for Crh in regulation of expression during growth on substrates other than carbohydrates.	0
Abstract2class: Loop-mediated isothermal amplification method for rapid detection of the toxic dinoflagellate Alexandrium, which causes algal blooms and poisoning of shellfish Abstract: The marine dinoflagellate genus Alexandrium includes a number of species that produce potent neurotoxins responsible for paralytic shellfish poisoning, which in humans may cause muscular paralysis, neurological symptoms and, in extreme cases, death. Because of the genetic diversity of different genera and species, molecular tools may help to detect the presence of target microorganisms in marine field samples. Here we employed a loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) method for the rapid and simple detection of toxic Alexandrium species. A set of four primers were designed based upon the conserved region of the 5.8S rRNA gene of members of the genus Alexandrium. Using this detection system, toxic Alexandrium genes were amplified and visualized as a ladder-like pattern of bands on agarose gels under isothermal condition within 60 min. The LAMP amplicons were also directly visualized by eye in the reaction tube by the addition of SYBR Green I. This LAMP assay was 10-fold more sensitive than a conventional PCR method with a detection limit of 5 cells per tube when targeting DNA from Alexandrium minutum. The LAMP assay reported here indicates the potential usefulness of the technique as a valuable simple, rapid alternative procedure for the detection of target toxic Alexandrium species during coastal water monitoring.	0
Abstract2class: Kinetics and nucleotide specificity of a surface cAMP binding site in Dictyostelium discoideum, which is not down-regulated by cAMP Abstract: Dictyostelium cells exhibit four types of kinetically distinct surface cAMP binding sites, the AH, AL, BS, and BSS sites, which are down-regulated during persistent stimulation with cAMP. Although most cAMP-induced responses are subject to desensitization during constant stimulation, some responses, notably the induction of post-aggregative gene expression, require persistent cAMP stimulation. The kinetics and specificity of residual cAMP-binding activity in cells treated for 4 h with micromolar cAMP were investigated. It was found that around 4000 rapidly dissociating binding sites per cell with an affinity of about 300 nM are retained after down-regulation. The nucleotide specificity of the remaining sites was very similar, but not completely identical to the AH, AL and B sites, suggesting that these sites belong to the same class of cell surface cAMP receptors and may be utilized to mediate responses requiring continuous cAMP stimulation.	0
Abstract2class: Genome sequence of Streptococcus mutans bacteriophage M102 Abstract: Bacteriophage M102 is a lytic phage specific for serotype c strains of Streptococcus mutans, a causative agent of dental caries. In this study, the complete genome sequence of M102 was determined. The genome is 31,147 bp in size and contains 41 ORFs. Most of the ORFs encoding putative phage structural proteins show similarity to those from bacteriophages from Streptococcus thermophilus. Bioinformatic analysis indicated that the M102 genome contains an unusual lysis cassette, which encodes a holin and two lytic enzymes.	0
Abstract2class: Quantitative detection of Porphyromonas gingivalis fimA genotypes in dental plaque Abstract: We developed quantitative fimA genotype assays and applied them in a pilot study investigating the fimbrial genotype distribution of Porphyromonas gingivalis in European subjects with or without chronic periodontitis. P. gingivalis was found in 71% and 9% of the samples from patients and healthy subjects, respectively. Enumeration of total P. gingivalis cell numbers by polymerase chain reaction and immunofluorescence showed excellent correspondence (r = 0.964). 73% of positive samples contained multiple fimA genotypes, but generally one genotype predominated by one to three orders of magnitude. Genotype II predominated in 60% of the samples. Genotype IV occurred with similar prevalence (73%) as genotype II but predominated in only 20% of the samples. Genotypes I, III and V were of much lower prevalence and cell densities of the latter two remained sparse. Our results suggest marked differences among the fimA genotypes' ability to colonize host sites with high cell numbers.	0
Abstract2class: A possible contribution of mRNA secondary structure to translation initiation efficiency in Lactococcus lactis Abstract: Gene expression signals derived from Lactococcus lactis were linked to lacZ-fused genes with different 5'-nucleotide sequences. Computer predictions of mRNA secondary structure were combined with lacZ expression studies to direct base-substitutions that could possibly influence gene expression. Mutations were made such that the DNA sequence upstream of the ATG start codon was not changed. Moreover, care was taken that the substitutions, which were all within the first six codons, neither affected the amino acid sequence of the gene product nor introduced codons rarely used in L. lactis. The results suggest that mRNA secondary structure contributes to the efficiency of translation initiation in L. lactis.	0
Abstract2class: Gene targeting for O-methyltransferase genes, mycE and mycF, on the chromosome of Micromonospora griseorubida producing mycinamicin with a disruption cassette containing the bacteriophage phi C31 attB attachment site Abstract: Mycinamicin, a 16-membered macrolide antibiotic produced by Micromonospora griseorubida, comprises a macrolactone and two deoxysugars: desosamine and mycinose. Mycinose is synthesized through two modification steps: the methylation of 6-deoxyallose in mycinamicin VI and of javose in mycinamicin III. To confirm the role of mycE and mycF genes in mycinamicin biosynthesis in M. griseorubida, disruption mutants of mycE and mycF were constructed by disruption plasmids containing attB in the disruption cassette FRT-neo-oriT-FRT-attB for the integration of phiC31-derivative vector plasmids; the disruption mutants were complemented through the integration of pSET152 derivatives containing intact mycE or mycF into the artificially inserted attB site. These disruption mutants did not produce mycinamicin II, but mainly accumulated mycinamicins VI and III, indicating that MycE and MycF methylated the C2''-OH group of 6-deoxyallose in mycinamicin VI and the C3''-OH group of C2''-methylated 6-deoxyallose in mycinamicin III, respectively. The complemented strains of mycE and mycF recovered the mycinamicin II productivity.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of three additional femAB-like open reading frames in Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Three new proteins, FmhA, FmhB and FmhC, with significant identities to FemA and FemB were identified in the Staphylococcus aureus (ATCC 55748) genome database. They were mapped to the SmaI-C, SmaI-H and SmaI-A fragments of the S. aureus 8325 chromosome, respectively. Whereas insertional inactivation of fmhA and fmhC had no effects on growth, antibiotic susceptibility, lysostaphin resistance, or peptidoglycan composition of the strains, fmhB could not be inactivated, strongly suggesting that fmhB may be an essential gene. As deduced from the functions of FemA and FemB which are involved in the synthesis of the peptidoglycan pentaglycine interpeptide, FmhB may be a candidate for the postulated FemX thought to add the first glycine to the nascent interpeptide.	0
Abstract2class: Lif, the lysostaphin immunity factor, complements FemB in staphylococcal peptidoglycan interpeptide bridge formation Abstract: The formation of the Staphylococcus aureus peptidoglycan pentaglycine interpeptide chain needs FemA and FemB for the incorporation of glycines Gly2-Gly3, and Gly4-Gly5, respectively. The lysostaphin immunity factor Lif was able to complement FemB, as could be shown by serine incorporation and by an increase in lysostaphin resistance in the wild-type as well as in a femB mutant. However, Lif could not substitute for FemA in femA or in femAB-null mutants. Methicillin resistance, which is dependent on functional FemA and FemB, was not complemented by Lif, suggesting that serine-substituted side chains are a lesser substrate for penicillin-binding protein PBP2' in methicillin resistance.	0
Abstract2class: Biogenesis of Yersinia pestis PsaA in recombinant attenuated Salmonella Typhimurium vaccine (RASV) strain Abstract: Yersinia pestis PsaA is an adhesin important for the establishment of bacterial infection. PsaA synthesis requires the products of the psaEFABC genes. Here, by prediction analysis, we identified a PsaA signal sequence with two signal peptidase (SPase) cleavage sites, type-I and type-II (SPase-I and SPase-II). By Edman degradation and site-directed mutagenesis, the precise site for one of these Spase-I PsaA cleavage sites was located between alanine and serine at positions 31 and 32, respectively. Yersinia pestis psaA expression and the role of the PsaB and PsaC proteins were evaluated in recombinant attenuated Salmonella Typhimurium vaccine strains. PsaA was detected in total extracts as a major 15-kDa (mature) and 18-kDa (unprocessed) protein bands. PsaA synthesis was not altered by a DeltaA31-DeltaS32 double-deletion mutation. In contrast, the synthesis of PsaA (DeltaA31-DeltaS32) in Y. pestis and delivery to the supernatant was decreased. Otherwise, substitution of the amino acid cysteine at position 26 by valine involved in the SPase-II cleavage site did not show any effect on the secretion of PsaA in Salmonella and Yersinia. These results help clarify the secretion pathway of PsaA for the possible development of vaccines against Y. pestis.	0
Abstract2class: Peroxisome biogenesis in Hansenula polymorpha: different mutations in genes, essential for peroxisome biogenesis, cause different peroxisomal mutant phenotypes Abstract: In Hansenula polymorpha, different monogenic recessive mutations mapped in either of two previously identified genes, PER1 and PER3, produced different peroxisomal mutant phenotypes. Among five per1 mutants, four showed a Pim- phenotype: the cells contained few small peroxisomes while the bulk of the matrix enzymes resided in the cytosol. One of these mutants, per1-124 had an enhanced rate of peroxisome proliferation. The fifth mutant completely lacked peroxisomes (Per- phenotype). Of seven per3 mutants, four displayed a Pim- phenotype, two others a Per- phenotype, while one mutant showed pH-dependent growth on methanol and was affected in oligomerization of peroxisomal matrix protein. Thus, the protein products of both PER1 and PER3 genes appear to be essential in different aspects of peroxisome assembly/proliferation.	0
Abstract2class: Structural studies on the Ebola virus matrix protein VP40 indicate that matrix proteins of enveloped RNA viruses are analogues but not homologues Abstract: Matrix proteins are the driving force of assembly of enveloped viruses. Their main function is to interact with and polymerize at cellular membranes and link other viral components to the matrix-membrane complex resulting in individual particle shapes and ensuring the integrity of the viral particle. Although matrix proteins of different virus families show functional analogy, they share no sequence or structural homology, Their diversity is also evident in that they use a variety of late domain motifs to commit the cellular vacuolar protein sorting machinery to virus budding. Here, we discuss the structural and functional aspects of teh filovirus matrix protein VP40 and compare them to other known matrix protein structures from vesicular stomatitis virus adn retroviral matrix protein.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of monoclonal antibodies for rapid identification of Actinomyces naeslundii in clinical samples Abstract: The purpose of this study was to generate highly specific serological reagents for the quantitative identification of Actinomyces naeslundii in clinical samples, in particular dental plaque. Balb/c mice were immunized with pasteurized human A. naeslundii strains representing different genospecies and serotypes. Ten hybrid cell lines secreting monoclonal antibodies reactive with A. naeslundii were isolated and characterized. Antibody specificity was determined by indirect immunofluo-rescence and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay using strains from 59 species and by immunofluorescence analyses of supragingival plaque from 10 gingivitis patients. Nine monoclonal antibodies reacted selectively with A. naeslundii, whereas one additionally bound to Actinomyces israelii. They recognized at least nine different epitopes with characteristic expression patterns among the test strains. Six clusters of antigenically unique or closely related strains could be distinguished. Clusters 1, 4, and 5 represented by 12, 18, and 5 strains, respectively, comprised over 80% of the A. naeslundii strains tested. All reference strains for genospecies 1 grouped with cluster 1. Strains associated with genospecies 2 fell into clusters 4 and 5. Tests with mutant strains indicated that three monoclonal antibodies recognize type 2 and one type 1 fimbriae of genospecies 2. Only four isolates grouped with clusters 2 and 3 characterized by the expression of cluster-specific antigens. Interestingly, cluster 2 and 3 bacteria were markedly more abundant in vivo than indicated by their sparse representation in our strain collection. Overall, all but one of the new monoclonal antibodies should prove of value for the serological classification and rapid quantitative determination of A. naeslundii in clinical samples.	0
Abstract2class: Staphylococcus aureus extracellular adherence protein contributes to biofilm formation in the presence of serum Abstract: Staphylococcus aureus extracellular adherence protein (EAP) is secreted, but it can redock on the bacterial cell surface via neutral phosphatase (Nptase). EAP binds to certain blood proteins and to itself, and through these affinities, it contributes to adherence and aggregation. It has been demonstrated previously that EAP expression is iron regulated and it contributes to biofilm formation under iron-deplete conditions. In this study, we found that EAP and Nptase also play a role in biofilm formation under iron-replete conditions in the presence of human serum.	0
Abstract2class: Skn1 and Ipt1 negatively regulate autophagy in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: We demonstrated that a yeast deletion mutant in IPT1 and SKN1, encoding proteins involved in the biosynthesis of mannosyldiinositolphosphoryl ceramides, is characterized by increased autophagy and DNA fragmentation upon nitrogen (N) starvation as compared with the single deletion mutants or wild type (WT). Apoptotic features were not significantly different between single and double deletion mutants upon N starvation, pointing to increased autophagy in the double Deltaipt1 Deltaskn1 deletion mutant independent of apoptosis. We observed increased basal levels of phytosphingosine in membranes of the double Deltaipt1 Deltaskn1 deletion mutant as compared with the single deletion mutants or WT. These data point to a negative regulation of autophagy by both Ipt1 and Skn1 in yeast, with a putative involvement of phytosphingosine in this process.	0
Abstract2class: The Saccharomyces cerevisiae YPR184w gene encodes the glycogen debranching enzyme Abstract: The YPR184w gene encodes a 1536-amino acid protein that is 34-39% identical to the mammal, Drosophila melanogaster and Caenorhabditis elegans glycogen debranching enzyme. The N-terminal part of the protein possesses the four conserved sequences of the alpha-amylase superfamily, while the C-terminal part displays 50% similarity with the C-terminal of other eukaryotic glycogen debranching enzymes. Reliable measurement of alpha-1,4-glucanotransferase and alpha-1, 6-glucosidase activity of the yeast debranching enzyme was determined in strains overexpressing YPR184w. The alpha-1, 4-glucanotransferase activity of a partially purified preparation of debranching enzyme preferentially transferred maltosyl units than maltotriosyl. Deletion of YPR184w prevents glycogen degradation, whereas overexpression had no effect on the rate of glycogen breakdown. In response to stress and growth conditions, the transcriptional control of YPR184w gene, renamed GDB1 (for Glycogen DeBranching gene), is strictly identical to that of other genes involved in glycogen metabolism.	0
Abstract2class: Lactobacillus saerimneri and Lactobacillus ruminis: novel human-derived probiotic strains with immunomodulatory activities Abstract: Human-derived lactobacilli were isolated from fecal samples of healthy volunteers. Forty-six isolates from different volunteers were selected and investigated for their immunomodulatory properties. Conditioned medium from each isolate was assessed for its effect on tumor necrosis factor (TNF) production in lipopolysaccharide-activated THP-1 monocytes. Of 46 Lactobacillus isolates, 12 significantly inhibited TNF production in varying magnitude. Lactobacillus strain TH58 displayed the most potent TNF-inhibitory activity (70% inhibition). In contrast, Lactobacillus strain TH14 exhibited immunostimulatory property by activating TNF production in THP-1 monocytes. Lactobacillus TH14 induced nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) activation in the absence of lipopolysaccharide stimulation, whereas Lactobacillus TH58 had no effect on NF-kappaB signaling, irrespective of lipopolysaccharide stimulation. Strain TH58 was identified as Lactobacillus saerimneri and strain TH14 as Lactobacillus ruminis by sequence analysis of their 16S rRNA genes. This is the first report of a human isolate of L. saerimneri with TNF-inhibitory activity and L. ruminis, an indigenous species to humans, with TNF stimulatory activity. Our data suggest the potential use of these two strains as immunoprobiotic candidates.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of novel Vibrio cholerae VSP-II genomic islands using comparative genomic analysis Abstract: This report describes Vibrio seventh pandemic island II (VSP-II) and three novel variants revealed by comparative genomics of 23 Vibrio cholerae strains and their presence among a large and diverse collection of V. cholerae isolates. Three VSP-II variants were reported previously and our results demonstrate the presence of three novel VSP-II in clinical and environmental V. cholerae marked by major deletions and genetic rearrangements. A new VSP-II cluster was found in the seventh pandemic V. cholerae O1 El Tor strain CIRS101, which is dominant (95%) among the recent (2004-2007) seven pandemic V. cholerae O1 El Tor isolates from two endemic sites, but was not found in older strains from the same region. Two other variants were found in V. cholerae TMA21 and RC385, two environmental strains from coastal Brazil and the Chesapeake Bay, respectively, the latter being prevalent among environmental V. cholerae non-O1/non-O139 and Vibrio mimicus. The results of this study indicate that the VSP-II island has undergone significant rearrangement through a complex evolutionary pathway in V. cholerae. Interestingly, one of the new VSP-II revealed the presence of 'old' and 'new' V. cholerae O1 El Tor pandemic clones circulating in some of the areas where cholera is endemic.	0
Abstract2class: Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae does not require urease activity to produce acute swine pleuropneumonia Abstract: The role in virulence of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae urease activity was investigated. A urease-negative mutant was isolated following transposon mutagenesis with a mini-Tn10 derivative. Both the parent strain and the urease-negative mutant exhibited identical LD50 values in a murine infection model. Pig challenge confirmed that the urease-negative mutant was fully virulent, since experimental inoculation with 5 x 10(7) colony forming units resulted in an acute disease indistinguishable from that produced by the wild-type strain at the same dose. Our results demonstrate that urease activity is not required for the development of acute pleuropneumonia.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of housekeeping genes in Listeria monocytogenes as potential internal control references for normalizing mRNA expression levels in stress adaptation models using real-time PCR Abstract: Listeria monocytogenes is an important food-borne pathogen that can tolerate a wide range of stress conditions. However, its stress adaptation processes are still poorly understood. Real-time-based quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) provides a tool to probe gene expression changes underlying stress adaptation. But, a limitation to study mRNA levels by real-time qRT-PCR is that validated reference genes are required for normalization. Such genes are currently lacking for experimental models that may be applied to evaluate stress-related gene expression changes in L. monocytogenes. Therefore, five housekeeping genes (HKG) were studied as potential reference genes. Their expression stability was evaluated across 16 L. monocytogenes strains. Three experimental models designed to assess gene expression changes induced by cold, acid and high NaCl concentration stress adaptation were applied. The 16S rRNA gene was consistently the most stably expressed HKG across the different L. monocytogenes strains under all the experimental conditions. While the expressions of beta-glucosidase (bglA), Glyceraldehyde-3P-dehydrogenase (gap), RNA polymerase beta subunit (rpoB) and Ribosomal protein L4 (rplD) was stable amongst the different L. monocytogenes strains, they were prone to significant variations under the different stress adaptation models.	0
Abstract2class: Prevalence of hicAB, lav, traA, and hifBC among Haemophilus influenzae middle ear and throat strains Abstract: Nontypeable Haemophilus influenzae (NTHi) is an important cause of illness among children. To further understand the role of laterally transferred genes in NTHi colonization and otitis media, the prevalence of hicAB, lav, tnaA, and hifBC was determined among 44 middle ear and 35 throat NTHi isolates by dot-blot hybridization.	0
Abstract2class: The response regulator PhoP negatively regulates Yersinia pseudotuberculosis and Yersinia pestis biofilms Abstract: A few Yersinia pseudotuberculosis strains form biofilms on the head of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, but numerous others do not. We show that a widely used Y. pseudotuberculosis strain, YPIII, is biofilm positive because of a mutation in phoP, which encodes the response regulator of a two-component system. For two wild-type Y. pseudotuberculosis that do not make biofilms on C. elegans, deletion of phoP was sufficient to produce robust biofilms. In Yersinia pestis, a phoP mutant made more extensive biofilms in vitro than did the wild type. Expression of HmsT, a diguanylate cyclase that positively regulates biofilms, is diminished in Y. pseudotuberculosis strains with functional PhoP.	0
Abstract2class: The PhoB regulatory system modulates biofilm formation and stress response in El Tor biotype Vibrio cholerae Abstract: The PhoBR regulatory system is required for the induction of multiple genes under conditions of phosphate limitation. Here, we examine the role of PhoB in biofilm formation and environmental stress response in Vibrio cholerae of the El Tor biotype. Deletion of phoB or hapR enhanced biofilm formation in a phosphate-limited medium. Planktonic and redispersed biofilm cells of the DeltaphoB mutant did not differ from wild type for the expression of HapR, suggesting that PhoB negatively affects biofilm formation through an HapR-independent pathway. The DeltaphoB mutant exhibited elevated expression of exopolysaccharide genes vpsA and vpsL compared with the wild type. Deletion of hapR enhanced the expression of the positive regulator vpsT, but had no effect on the expression of vpsR. In contrast, deletion of phoB enhanced the expression of the positive regulator vpsR, but had no effect on the expression of hapR and vpsT. The DeltaphoB mutant was more sensitive to hydrogen peroxide compared with the wild type and with an isogenic DeltarpoS mutant. Conversely, the DeltaphoB mutant was more resistant to acidic conditions and high osmolarity compared with the wild type and with an isogenic DeltarpoS mutant. Taken together, our data suggest that phosphate limitation induces V. cholerae to adopt a free-swimming life style in which PhoB modulates environmental stress response in a manner that differs from the general stress response regulator RpoS.	0
Abstract2class: The Escherichia coli highly expressed entD gene complements the pfaE deficiency in a pfa gene clone responsible for the biosynthesis of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids Abstract: The Escherichia coli entD gene, which encodes an Sfp-type phosphopantetheinyl transferase (PPTase) that is involved in the biosynthesis of siderophore, is available as a high-expression ASKA clone (pCA24N::entD) constructed from the E. coli K-12 strain AG1. In E. coli DH5alpha, pCA24N::entD complemented a pfaE-deficient clone that comprised pfaA, pfaB, pfaC and pfaD, which are four of the five pfa genes that are responsible for the biosynthesis of eicosapentaenoic acid derived from Shewanella pneumatophori SCRC-2738. Sfp-type PPTases are classified into the EntD and PfaE groups, based on differences between their N-terminal-domain structures. Here, we showed that all Sfp-type PPTases may have the potential to promote the biosynthesis of long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids.	0
Abstract2class: Quantitation of Guggenheimella bovis and treponemes in bovine tissues related to digital dermatitis Abstract: Digital dermatitis is an inflammation of uncertain aetiology in the skin of the foot of cattle. In 2005, a novel microorganism, Guggenheimella bovis, was isolated from the advancing front of digital dermatitis lesions, suggesting a possible role in pathogenesis. In the present study, tissue samples of 20 affected cows were examined by quantitative PCR for G. bovis, treponemes and the total eubacterial load. High numbers of eubacteria and treponemes were found in most lesions, whereas only a few lesions contained Guggenheimella, and only at low concentrations. The results argue against the relevance of G. bovis in the aetiology of digital dermatitis in cattle, but are consistent with a role for treponemes.	0
Abstract2class: Enrichment of dibenzofuran utilizing bacteria with high co-metabolic potential towards dibenzodioxin and other anellated aromatics Abstract: Dibenzofuran degrading bacteria were enriched from various environmental sources. A mutualistic mixed culture of strain DPO 220 and strain DPO 230 was characterized. Strain DPO 220 alone showed limited growth with dibenzofuran as sole source of carbon and energy (td greater than or equal to 4.5 h). A labile degradation product, C12H10O5, and salicylate were isolated from the culture fluid. Salicylate was found to be a central intermediate of DBF-degradation. Strain DPO 220 co-metabolized a wide range of anellated aromatics as well as heteroaromatics. High rates of co-oxidation of dibenzodioxin demonstrate analogue-enrichment to be a powerful technique for selecting enzymatic activities for otherwise non-degradable substrates.	0
Abstract2class: The stress response protein Gls24 is induced by copper and interacts with the CopZ copper chaperone of Enterococcus hirae Abstract: Intracellular copper routing in Enterococcus hirae is accomplished by the CopZ copper chaperone. Under copper stress, CopZ donates Cu(+) to the CopY repressor, thereby releasing its bound zinc and abolishing repressor-DNA interaction. This in turn induces the expression of the cop operon, which encodes CopY and CopZ, in addition to two copper ATPases, CopA and CopB. To gain further insight into the function of CopZ, the yeast two-hybrid system was used to screen for proteins interacting with the copper chaperone. This led to the identification of Gls24, a member of a family of stress response proteins. Gls24 is part of an operon containing eight genes. The operon was induced by a range of stress conditions, but most notably by copper. Gls24 was overexpressed and purified, and was shown by surface plasmon resonance analysis to also interact with CopZ in vitro. Circular dichroism measurements revealed that Gls24 is partially unstructured. The current findings establish a novel link between Gls24 and copper homeostasis.	0
Abstract2class: Development and use of a selectable, broad-host-range reporter transposon for identifying environmentally regulated promoters in bacteria Abstract: This report describes the development and use of TnKnXSp, a selectable broad-host-range reporter transposon with a promoterless aphA gene. Insertion of TnKnXSp into the chromosome of a kanamycin-susceptible bacterium confers resistance to kanamycin only if aphA is transcribed from an active promoter adjacent to the insertion site. We designed TnKnXSp as a tool for identifying environmentally regulated promoters in bacteria and developed general methods for initial characterization of any TnKnXSp integrant. To identify putative iron-regulated promoters in Corynebacterium diphtheriae, we constructed TnKnXSp integrants and identified a subgroup that expressed kanamycin resistance under low-iron, but not high-iron, conditions. We characterized representative integrants with this phenotype, located the TnKnXSp insertion in each, and demonstrated that transcription of aphA was repressed under high-iron vs. low-iron growth conditions. We also demonstrated that TnKnXSp can be used in bacteria other than C. diphtheriae, including Escherichia coli and Bacillus subtilis. Our findings validate TnKnXSp as a useful tool for identifying environmentally regulated promoters in bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of ethanol and acetic acid on the transport of malic acid and glucose in the yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe: implications in wine deacidification Abstract: Ethanol and acetic acid, at concentrations which may occur during wine-making, inhibited the transport of L-malic acid in Schizosaccharomyces pombe. The inhibition was non-competitive, the decrease of the maximum initial velocity following exponential kinetics. Glucose transport was not significantly affected either by ethanol (up to 13%, w/v) or by acetic acid (up to 1.5%, w/v). The uptake of labelled acetic acid followed simple diffusion kinetics, indicating that a carrier was not involved in its transport. Therefore, the undissociated acid appears to be the only form that enters the cells and is probably responsible for the toxic effects. Accordingly, deacidification by Ss. pombe during wine fermentation should take place before, rather than after, the main alcoholic fermentation by Saccharomyces cerevisiae.	0
Abstract2class: Human G-CSF synthesis using stress-responsive bacterial proteins Abstract: We previously reported that under the stress condition caused by the addition of 2-hydroxyethyl disulfide, a thiol-specific oxidant, to growing cultures of Escherichia coli BL21(DE3), a population of stress-responsive proteins [peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerase B (PpiB), bacterioferritin (Bfr), putative HTH-type transcriptional regulator yjdC (YjdC), dihydrofolate reductase (FolA), chemotaxis protein cheZ (CheZ), and glutathione synthetase (GshB)] were significantly upregulated when compared with the nonstress condition. When those stress-responsive proteins were used as fusion partners for the expression of human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (hG-CSF), the solubility of hG-CSF was dramatically enhanced in E. coli cytoplasm, whereas almost all of the directly expressed hG-CSF were aggregated to inclusion bodies. In addition, the spectra of circular dichroism measured with the purified hG-CSF were identical to that of standard hG-CSF, implying that the synthesized hG-CSF has native conformation. These results indicate that the bacterial stress-responsive proteins could be potent fusion expression partners for aggregation-prone heterologous proteins in E. coli cytoplasm.	0
Abstract2class: Stress signalling to fungal stress-activated protein kinase pathways Abstract: The ability of microorganisms to survive and thrive within hostile environments depends on rapid and robust stress responses. Stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK) pathways are important stress-signalling modules found in all eukaryotes, including eukaryotic microorganisms such as fungi. These pathways consist of a SAPK that is activated by phosphorylation through a kinase cascade, and once activated, the SAPK phosphorylates a range of cytoplasmic and nuclear target substrates, which determine the appropriate response. However, despite their conservation in fungi, mechanisms that have evolved to relay stress signals to the SAPK module in different fungi have diverged significantly. Here, we present an overview of the diverse strategies used in the model yeasts Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Schizosaccharomyces pombe, and the pathogenic fungus Candida albicans, to sense and transduce stress signals to their respective SAPKs.	0
Abstract2class: Covalent inhibitors of human monoacylglycerol lipase: ligand-assisted characterization of the catalytic site by mass spectrometry and mutational analysis Abstract: The active site of recombinant hexa-histidine-tagged human monoacylglycerol lipase (hMGL) is characterized by mass spectrometry using the inhibitors 5-((biphenyl-4-yl)methyl)-N,N-dimethyl-2H-tetrazole-2-carboxamide (AM6701), and N-arachidonylmaleimide (NAM) as probes. Carbamylation of Ser(129) by AM6701 in the putative hMGL catalytic triad demonstrates this residue's essential role in catalysis. Partial NAM alkylation of hMGL cysteine residues 215 and/or 249 was sufficient to achieve approximately 80% enzyme inhibition. Although Cys(215) and/or Cys(249) mutations to alanine(s) did not affect hMGL hydrolytic activity as compared with nonmutated hMGL, the C215A displayed heightened NAM sensitivity, whereas the C249A evidenced reduced NAM sensitivity. These data conclusively demonstrate a sulfhydryl-based mechanism for NAM inhibition of hMGL in which Cys(249) is of paramount importance. Identification of amino acids critical to the catalytic activity and pharmacological modulation of hMGL informs the design of selective MGL inhibitors as potential drugs.	0
Abstract2class: When it is hard to get to with genetics--planar cell polarity under a chemical scalpel Abstract: Planar cell polarity (PCP) has been under genetic dissection for decades. More and more fundamental developmental processes have been found relying on PCP signaling. However, mechanisms of how PCP signaling generates asymmetry is still unknown. A recent paper in Chemistry & Biology (Sundberg et al., 2011) represents the efforts to decipher the intracellular code of polarity signaling.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular basis for the recognition of structurally distinct autoinducer mimics by the Pseudomonas aeruginosa LasR quorum-sensing signaling receptor Abstract: The human pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa coordinates the expression of virulence factors using quorum sensing, a signaling cascade triggered by the activation of signal receptors by small-molecule autoinducers. These homoserine lactone autoinducers stabilize their cognate receptors and activate their functions as transcription factors. Because quorum sensing regulates the progression of infection and host immune resistance, significant efforts have been devoted toward the identification of small molecules that disrupt this process. Screening efforts have identified a class of triphenyl compounds that are structurally distinct from the homoserine lactone autoinducer, yet interact specifically and potently with LasR receptor to modulate quorum sensing (Muh et al., 2006a). Here we present the high-resolution crystal structures of the ligand binding domain of LasR in complex with the autoinducer N-3-oxo-dodecanoyl homoserine lactone (1.4 A resolution), and with the triphenyl mimics TP-1, TP-3, and TP-4 (to between 1.8 A and 2.3 A resolution). These crystal structures provide a molecular rationale for understanding how chemically distinct compounds can be accommodated by a highly selective receptor, and provide the framework for the development of novel quorum-sensing regulators, utilizing the triphenyl scaffold.	0
Abstract2class: Iterative Mechanism of Macrodiolide Formation in the Anticancer Compound Conglobatin Abstract: Conglobatin is an unusual C2-symmetrical macrodiolide from the bacterium Streptomyces conglobatus with promising antitumor activity. Insights into the genes and enzymes that govern both the assembly-line production of the conglobatin polyketide and its dimerization are essential to allow rational alterations to be made to the conglobatin structure. We have used a rapid, direct in vitro cloning method to obtain the entire cluster on a 41-kbp fragment, encoding a modular polyketide synthase assembly line. The cloned cluster directs conglobatin biosynthesis in a heterologous host strain. Using a model substrate to mimic the conglobatin monomer, we also show that the conglobatin cyclase/thioesterase acts iteratively, ligating two monomers head-to-tail then re-binding the dimer product and cyclizing it. Incubation of two different monomers with the cyclase produces hybrid dimers and trimers, providing the first evidence that conglobatin analogs may in future become accessible through engineering of the polyketide synthase.	0
Abstract2class: A structure-guided approach to creating covalent FGFR inhibitors Abstract: The fibroblast growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases (FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4) represent promising therapeutic targets in a number of cancers. We have developed the first potent and selective irreversible inhibitor of FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4, which we named FIIN-1 that forms a covalent bond with cysteine 486 located in the P loop of the FGFR1 ATP binding site. We demonstrated that the inhibitor potently inhibits Tel-FGFR1-transformed Ba/F3 cells (EC(50) = 14 nM) as well as numerous FGFR-dependent cancer cell lines. A biotin-derivatized version of the inhibitor, FIIN-1-biotin, was shown to covalently label FGFR1 at Cys486. FIIN-1 is a useful probe of FGFR-dependent cellular phenomena and may provide a starting point of the development of therapeutically relevant irreversible inhibitors of wild-type and drug-resistant forms of FGFR kinases.	0
Abstract2class: ALDH2 mediates 5-nitrofuran activity in multiple species Abstract: Understanding how drugs work in vivo is critical for drug design and for maximizing the potential of currently available drugs. 5-nitrofurans are a class of prodrugs widely used to treat bacterial and trypanosome infections, but despite relative specificity, 5-nitrofurans often cause serious toxic side effects in people. Here, we use yeast and zebrafish, as well as human in vitro systems, to assess the biological activity of 5-nitrofurans, and we identify a conserved interaction between aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) 2 and 5-nitrofurans across these species. In addition, we show that the activity of nifurtimox, a 5-nitrofuran anti-trypanosome prodrug, is dependent on zebrafish Aldh2 and is a substrate for human ALDH2. This study reveals a conserved and biologically relevant ALDH2-5-nitrofuran interaction that may have important implications for managing the toxicity of 5-nitrofuran treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Cell-specific RNA aptamer against human CCR5 specifically targets HIV-1 susceptible cells and inhibits HIV-1 infectivity Abstract: The C-C chemokine receptor type 5 (CCR5) is a receptor expressed by T cells and macrophages that serves as a coreceptor for macrophage-tropic HIV-1. Loss of CCR5 is associated with resistance to HIV-1. Here, we combine the live-cell-based SELEX with high-throughput sequencing technology to generate CCR5 RNA aptamers capable of specifically targeting HIV-1 susceptible cells (as small interfering RNA [siRNA] delivery agent) and inhibiting HIV-1 infectivity (as antiviral agent) via block of the CCR5 required for HIV-1 to enter cells. One of the best candidates, G-3, efficiently bound and was internalized into human CCR5-expressing cells. The G-3 specifically neutralized R5 virus infection in primary peripheral blood mononuclear cells, and in vivo generated human CD4(+) T cells with a nanomolar inhibitory concentration 50%. G-3 was also capable of transferring functional siRNAs to CCR5-expressing cells. Collectively, the cell-specific, internalizing, CCR5-targeted aptamers and aptamer-siRNA conjugates offer promise for overcoming some of the current challenges of drug resistance in HIV-1 by providing cell-type- or tissue-specific delivery of various therapeutic moieties.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis for stabilization of the tau pre-mRNA splicing regulatory element by novantrone (mitoxantrone) Abstract: Some familial neurodegenerative diseases are associated with mutations that destabilize a putative stem-loop structure within an intronic region of the tau pre-messenger RNA (mRNA) and alter the production of tau protein isoforms by alternative splicing. Because stabilization of the stem loop reverses the splicing pattern associated with neurodegeneration, small molecules that stabilize this stem loop would provide new ways to dissect the mechanism of neurodegeneration and treat tauopathies. The anticancer drug mitoxantrone was recently identified in a high throughput screen to stabilize the tau pre-mRNA stem loop. Here we report the solution structure of the tau mRNA-mitoxantrone complex, validated by the structure-activity relationship of existing mitoxantrone analogs. The structure describes the molecular basis for their interaction with RNA and provides a rational basis to optimize the activity of this new class of RNA-binding molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Reciprocal Regulation of ERα and ERβ Stability and Activity by Diptoindonesin G Abstract: ERβ is regarded as a "tumor suppressor" in breast cancer due to its anti-proliferative effects. However, unlike ERα, ERβ has not been developed as a therapeutic target in breast cancer due to loss of ERβ in aggressive cancers. In a small-molecule library screen for ERβ stabilizers, we identified Diptoindonesin G (Dip G), which significantly increases ERβ protein stability while decreasing ERα protein levels. Dip G enhances the transcription and anti-proliferative activities of ERβ, while attenuating the transcription and proliferative effects of ERα. Further investigation revealed that instead of targeting ER, Dip G targets the CHIP E3 ubiquitin ligase shared by ERα and ERβ. Thus, Dip G is a dual-functional moiety that reciprocally controls ERα and ERβ protein stability and activities via an indirect mechanism. The ERβ stabilization effects of Dip G may enable the development of ERβ-targeted therapies for human breast cancers.	0
Abstract2class: Depletion of T cell epitopes in lysostaphin mitigates anti-drug antibody response and enhances antibacterial efficacy in vivo Abstract: The enzyme lysostaphin possesses potent anti-staphylococcal activity and represents a promising antibacterial drug candidate; however, its immunogenicity poses a barrier to clinical translation. Here, structure-based biomolecular design enabled widespread depletion of lysostaphin DRB1(∗)0401 restricted T cell epitopes, and resulting deimmunized variants exhibited striking reductions in anti-drug antibody responses upon administration to humanized HLA-transgenic mice. This reduced immunogenicity translated into improved efficacy in the form of protection against repeated challenges with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). In contrast, while wild-type lysostaphin was efficacious against the initial MRSA infection, it failed to clear subsequent bacterial challenges that were coincident with escalating anti-drug antibody titers. These results extend the existing deimmunization literature, in which reduced immunogenicity and retained efficacy are assessed independently of each other. By correlating in vivo efficacy with longitudinal measures of anti-drug antibody development, we provide the first direct evidence that T cell epitope depletion manifests enhanced biotherapeutic efficacy.	0
Abstract2class: Orthogonal ubiquitin transfer through engineered E1-E2 cascades for protein ubiquitination Abstract: Protein modification by ubiquitin (UB) controls diverse cellular processes. UB is conjugated to cellular proteins by sequential transfer through an E1-E2-E3 enzymatic cascade. The cross-activities of 2 E1s, 50 E2s and thousands of E3s encoded by the human genome make it difficult to identify the substrate proteins of a specific E3 enzyme in the cell. One way to solve this problem is to engineer an orthogonal UB transfer (OUT) cascade in which the engineered UB (xUB) is relayed by engineered E1, E2 and E3 enzymes (xE1, xE2, xE3) to modify the substrate proteins of a specific E3. Here, we use phage display and mutagenesis to construct xUB-xE1 and xE1-xE2 pairs that are orthogonal to the native E1 and E2 enzymes. Our work on engineering the UB transfer cascades will enable us to use OUT to map the signal transduction networks mediated by protein ubiquitination.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical knockout of pantothenate kinase reveals the metabolic and genetic program responsible for hepatic coenzyme A homeostasis Abstract: Coenzyme A (CoA) is the major acyl group carrier in intermediary metabolism. Hopantenate (HoPan), a competitive inhibitor of the pantothenate kinases, was used to chemically antagonize CoA biosynthesis. HoPan dramatically reduced liver CoA and mice developed severe hypoglycemia. Insulin was reduced, glucagon and corticosterone were elevated, and fasting accelerated hypoglycemia. Metabolic profiling revealed a large increase in acylcarnitines, illustrating the role of carnitine in buffering acyl groups to maintain the nonesterified CoASH level. HoPan triggered significant changes in hepatic gene expression that substantially increased the thioesterases, which liberate CoASH from acyl-CoA, and increased pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 1, which prevents the conversion of CoASH to acetyl-CoA. These results identify the metabolic rearrangements that maintain the CoASH pool which is critical to mitochondrial functions, including gluconeogenesis, fatty acid oxidation, and the tricarboxylic acid and urea cycles.	0
Abstract2class: A chemical and genetic approach to the mode of action of fumagillin Abstract: Previous mode of action studies identified methionine aminopeptidase 2 (MetAP-2) as the target of the antiangiogenic natural product fumagillin and its drug candidate analog, TNP-470. We report here that TNP-470-mediated MetAP-2 inhibition blocks noncanonical Wnt signaling, which plays a critical role in development, cell differentiation, and tumorigenesis. Consistent with this finding, antisense MetAP-2 morpholino oligonucleotide injection in zebrafish embryos phenocopies gastrulation defects seen in noncanonical Wnt5 loss-of-function zebrafish mutants. MetAP-2 inhibition or depletion blocks signaling downstream of the Wnt receptor Frizzled, but upstream of Calmodulin-dependent Kinase II, RhoA, and c-Jun N-terminal Kinase. Moreover, we demonstrate that TNP-470 does not block the canonical Wnt/beta-catenin pathway. Thus, TNP-470 selectively regulates noncanonical over canonical Wnt signaling and provides a unique means to explore and dissect the biological systems mediated by these pathways.	0
Abstract2class: HSF1-dependent upregulation of Hsp70 by sulfhydryl-reactive inducers of the KEAP1/NRF2/ARE pathway Abstract: The KEAP1/NRF2/ARE pathway and the heat shock response are inducible cytoprotective systems regulated by transcription factors NRF2 and HSF1, respectively. We report that structurally distinct small molecule NRF2 activators, all of which react with sulfhydryl groups but differ in potency by 15,000-fold, upregulate Hsp70, a prototypic HSF1-dependent gene. Hsp70 upregulation requires HSF1 but is NRF2 independent. We further demonstrate that a sulfoxythiocarbamate inducer conjugates to the negative regulator of HSF1, Hsp90. The differential concentration dependence of the two responses suggests that activation of NRF2 precedes that of HSF1: the KEAP1/NRF2/ARE pathway is at the forefront of cellular defense, protecting against instant danger; the heat shock response closely follows to resolve subsequent potentially devastating damage, saving the proteome. This uncovered duality undoubtedly contributes to the cytoprotective effects of such molecules in models of carcinogenesis, cardiovascular disease, and neurodegeneration.	0
Abstract2class: Discovery of potent and selective covalent inhibitors of JNK Abstract: The mitogen-activated kinases JNK1/2/3 are key enzymes in signaling modules that transduce and integrate extracellular stimuli into coordinated cellular response. Here, we report the discovery of irreversible inhibitors of JNK1/2/3. We describe two JNK3 cocrystal structures at 2.60 and 2.97 Å resolution that show the compounds form covalent bonds with a conserved cysteine residue. JNK-IN-8 is a selective JNK inhibitor that inhibits phosphorylation of c-Jun, a direct substrate of JNK, in cells exposed to submicromolar drug in a manner that depends on covalent modification of the conserved cysteine residue. Extensive biochemical, cellular, and pathway-based profiling establish the selectivity of JNK-IN-8 for JNK and suggests that the compound will be broadly useful as a pharmacological probe of JNK-dependent signal transduction. Potential lead compounds have also been identified for kinases, including IRAK1, PIK3C3, PIP4K2C, and PIP5K3.	0
Abstract2class: Target-selective phototherapy using a ligand-based photosensitizer for type 2 cannabinoid receptor Abstract: Phototherapy is a powerful, noninvasive approach for cancer treatment, with several agents currently in clinical use. Despite the progress and promise, most current phototherapy agents have serious side effects as they can lead to damage to healthy tissue, even when the photosensitizers are fused to targeting molecules due to nonspecific light activation of the unbound photosensitizer. To overcome these limitations, we developed a phototherapy agent that combines a functional ligand and a near infrared phthalocyanine dye. Our target is type 2 cannabinoid receptor (CB2R), considered an attractive therapeutic target for phototherapy given it is overexpressed by many types of cancers that are located at a surface or can be reached by an endoscope. We show that our CB2R-targeted phototherapy agent, IR700DX-mbc94, is specific for CB2R and effective only when bound to the target receptor. Overall, this opens up the opportunity for development of an alternative treatment option for CB2R-positive cancers.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering the substrate specificity of the DhbE adenylation domain by yeast cell surface display Abstract: The adenylation (A) domains of nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs) activate aryl acids or amino acids to launch their transfer through the NRPS assembly line for the biosynthesis of many medicinally important natural products. In order to expand the substrate pool of NRPSs, we developed a method based on yeast cell surface display to engineer the substrate specificities of the A-domains. We acquired A-domain mutants of DhbE that have 11- and 6-fold increases in k(cat)/K(m) with nonnative substrates 3-hydroxybenzoic acid and 2-aminobenzoic acid, respectively and corresponding 3- and 33-fold decreases in k(cat)/K(m) values with the native substrate 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid, resulting in a dramatic switch in substrate specificity of up to 200-fold. Our study demonstrates that yeast display can be used as a high throughput selection platform to reprogram the "nonribosomal code" of A-domains.	0
Abstract2class: Lighting up FGFR signaling Abstract: In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Kim and colleagues describe their work on optogenetic control of fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) signaling. By engineering a chimeric receptor, the authors demonstrate that FGFR intracellular signaling can be controlled in space and time by blue light.	0
Abstract2class: Biochemical and structural insights of the early glycosylation steps in calicheamicin biosynthesis Abstract: The enediyne antibiotic calicheamicin (CLM) gamma(1)(I) is a prominent antitumor agent that is targeted to DNA by a novel aryltetrasaccharide comprised of an aromatic unit and four unusual carbohydrates. Herein we report the heterologous expression and the biochemical characterization of the two "internal" glycosyltransferases CalG3 and CalG2 and the structural elucidation of an enediyne glycosyltransferase (CalG3). In conjunction with the previous characterization of the "external" CLM GTs CalG1 and CalG4, this study completes the functional assignment of all four CLM GTs, extends the utility of enediyne GT-catalyzed reaction reversibility, and presents conclusive evidence of a sequential glycosylation pathway in CLM biosynthesis. This work also reveals the common GT-B structural fold can now be extended to include enediyne GTs.	0
Abstract2class: Attachment of cell-binding ligands to arginine-rich cell-penetrating peptides enables cytosolic translocation of complexed siRNA Abstract: Cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs), such as nona-arginine (9R), poorly translocate siRNA into cells. Our studies demonstrate that attaching 9R to ligands that bind cell surface receptors quantitatively increases siRNA uptake and importantly, allows functional delivery of complexed siRNA. The mechanism involved accumulation of ligand-9R:siRNA microparticles on the cell membrane, which induced transient membrane inversion at the site of ligand-9R binding and rapid siRNA translocation into the cytoplasm. siRNA release also occurred late after endocytosis when the ligand was attached to the L isoform of 9R, but not the protease-resistant 9DR, prolonging mRNA knockdown. This critically depended on endosomal proteolytic activity, implying that partial CPP degradation is required for endosome-to-cytosol translocation. The data demonstrate that ligand attachment renders simple polycationic CPPs effective for siRNA delivery by restoring their intrinsic property of translocation.	0
Abstract2class: Heterologous expression, purification, reconstitution and kinetic analysis of an extended type II polyketide synthase Abstract: Background:                       Polyketide synthases (PKSs) are bacterial multienzyme systems that synthesize a broad range of natural products. The 'minimal' PKS consists of a ketosynthase, a chain length factor, an acyl carrier protein and a malonyl transferase. Auxiliary components (ketoreductases, aromatases and cyclases are involved in controlling the oxidation level and cyclization of the nascent polyketide chain. We describe the heterologous expression and reconstitution of several auxiliary PKS components including the actinorhodin ketoreductase (act KR), the griseusin aromatase/cyclase (gris ARO/CYC), and the tetracenomycin aromatase/cyclase (tcm ARO/CYC).                  Results:                       The polyketide products of reconstituted act and tcm PKSs were identical to those identified in previous in vivo studies. Although stable protein-protein interactions were not detected between minimal and auxiliary PKS components, kinetic analysis revealed that the extended PKS comprised of the act minimal PKS, the act KR and the gris ARO/CYC had a higher turnover number than the act minimal PKS plus the act KR or the act minimal PKS alone. Adding the tcm ARO/CYC to the tcm minimal PKS also increased the overall rate.                  Conclusions:                       Until recently the principal strategy for functional analysis of PKS subunits was through heterologous expression of recombinant PKSs in Streptomyces. Our results corroborate the implicit assumption that the product isolated from whole-cell systems is the dominant product of the PKS. They also suggest that an intermediate is channeled between the various subunits, and pave the way for more detailed structural and mechanistic analysis of these multienzyme systems.	0
Abstract2class: Mass spectrometry and the emerging field of glycomics Abstract: The biological significance of protein and lipid glycosylation is well established. For example, cells respond to environmental stimuli by altering glycan structures on their surfaces, and cancer cells evade normal growth regulation in part by remodeling their surface glycans. In general, glycan chemical properties differ significantly from those of proteins, lipids, nucleic acids, and small molecule metabolites. Thus, advances in glycomics, a comprehensive study to identify all glycans in an organism, rely on the development of specialized analytical methods. Mass spectrometry (MS) is emerging as an enabling technology in the field of glycomics. This review summarizes recent developments in mass spectrometric analysis methods for protein-based glycomics and glycoproteomics workflows.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a silent azaphilone gene cluster from Aspergillus niger ATCC 1015 reveals a hydroxylation-mediated pyran-ring formation Abstract: Azaphilones are a class of fungal metabolites characterized by a highly oxygenated pyrano-quinone bicyclic core and exhibiting a broad range of bioactivities. Although widespread among various fungi, their biosynthesis has not been thoroughly elucidated. By activation of a silent (aza) gene cluster in Aspergillus niger ATCC 1015, we discovered six azaphilone compounds, azanigerones A-F (1, 3-7). Transcriptional analysis and deletion of a key polyketide synthase (PKS) gene further confirmed the involvement of the aza gene cluster. The biosynthetic pathway was shown to involve the convergent actions of a highly reducing PKS and a non-reducing PKS. Most significantly, in vitro reaction of a key flavin-dependent monooxygenase encoded in the cluster with an early benzaldehyde intermediate revealed its roles in hydroxylation and pyran-ring formation to afford the characteristic bicylic core shared by azaphilones.	0
Abstract2class: A small-molecule inducer of PDX1 expression identified by high-throughput screening Abstract: Pancreatic and duodenal homeobox 1 (PDX1), a member of the homeodomain-containing transcription factor family, is a key transcription factor important for both pancreas development and mature β cell function. The ectopic overexpression of Pdx1, Neurog3, and MafA in mice reprograms acinar cells to insulin-producing cells. We developed a quantitative PCR-based gene expression assay to screen more than 60,000 compounds for expression of each of these genes in the human PANC-1 ductal carcinoma cell line. We identified BRD7552, which upregulated PDX1 expression in both primary human islets and ductal cells, and induced epigenetic changes in the PDX1 promoter consistent with transcriptional activation. Prolonged compound treatment induced both insulin mRNA and protein and also enhanced insulin expression induced by the three-gene combination. These results provide a proof of principle for identifying small molecules that induce expression of transcription factors to control cellular reprogramming.	0
Abstract2class: Fueling up skeletal muscle to reduce obesity: A TrkB story Abstract: Targeting TrkB signaling could represent a good therapeutic strategy to prevent obesity. In this issue of Chemistry & Biology, Chan et al. report the efficacy of 7,8-DHT, a TrkB agonist, in preventing obesity in female mice. The underlying molecular mechanisms behind this activity seem to involve increased energy expenditure in skeletal muscle.	0
Abstract2class: Codon randomization for rapid exploration of chemical space in thiopeptide antibiotic variants Abstract: Thiopeptide antibiotics exhibit a profound level of chemical diversity that is installed through cascades of posttranslational modifications on ribosomal peptides. Here, we present a technique to rapidly explore the chemical space of the thiopeptide GE37468 through codon randomization, yielding insights into thiopeptide maturation as well as structure and activity relationships. In this incarnation of the methodology, we randomized seven residues of the prepeptide-coding region, enabling the generation of 133 potential thiopeptide variants. Variant libraries were subsequently queried in two ways. First, high-throughput MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry was applied to colony-level expressions to sample mutants that permitted full maturation of the antibiotic. Second, the activity of producing mutants was detected in an antibiotic overlay assay. In total, 29 of the 133 variants produced mature compound, 12 of which retained antibiotic activity and 1 that had improved activity.	0
Abstract2class: In vivo biosynthesis of terpene nucleosides provides unique chemical markers of Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection Abstract: Although small molecules shed from pathogens are widely used to diagnose infection, such tests have not been widely implemented for tuberculosis. Here we show that the recently identified compound, 1-tuberculosinyladenosine (1-TbAd), accumulates to comprise >1% of all Mycobacterium tuberculosis lipid. In vitro and in vivo, two isomers of TbAd were detected that might serve as infection markers. Using mass spectrometry and nuclear magnetic resonance, we established the structure of the previously unknown molecule, N(6)-tuberculosinyladenosine (N(6)-TbAd). Its biosynthesis involves enzymatic production of 1-TbAd by Rv3378c followed by conversion to N(6)-TbAd via the Dimroth rearrangement. Intact biosynthetic genes are observed only within M. tuberculosis complex bacteria, and TbAd was not detected among other medically important pathogens, environmental bacteria, and vaccine strains. With no substantially similar known molecules in nature, the discovery and in vivo detection of two abundant terpene nucleosides support their development as specific diagnostic markers of tuberculosis.	0
Abstract2class: Redesigning enzymes based on adaptive evolution for optimal function in synthetic metabolic pathways Abstract: Nature has balanced most metabolic pathways such that no one enzyme in the pathway controls the flux through that pathway. However, unnatural or nonnative, constructed metabolic pathways may have limited product flux due to unfavorable in vivo properties of one or more enzymes in the pathway. One such example is the mevalonate-based isoprenoid biosynthetic pathway that we previously reconstructed in Escherichia coli. We have used a probable mechanism of adaptive evolution to engineer the in vivo properties of two enzymes (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase [tHMGR] and many terpene synthases) in this pathway and thereby eliminate or minimize the bottleneck created by these inefficient or nonfunctional enzymes. Here, we demonstrate how we significantly improved the productivity (by approximately 1000 fold) of this reconstructed biosynthetic pathway using this strategy. We anticipate that this strategy will find broad applicability in the functional construction (or reconstruction) of biological pathways in heterologous hosts.	0
Abstract2class: Detection of miRNA expression in intact cells using activatable sensor oligonucleotides Abstract: We describe a technology for the profiling of miRNA expression in intact cells. The technology is based on sensor oligonucleotides that are cleavable, completely complementary to a target miRNA, and dual-labeled with a fluorescent dye and a quencher. Upon entering the cell, the sensor oligonucleotide binds its specific miRNA target through complementary base-pairing. This triggers assembly of the endogenous RNA Induced Silencing Complex (RISC) around the miRNA-sensor duplex and cleavage of the sensor oligonucleotide, resulting in separation between the dye and quencher, and a fluorescence turn-on. In the presented feasibility studies, we focus on a specific miRNA (miR-10b) implicated in breast cancer metastasis. Using a human breast adenocarcinoma cell line, we illustrate the application of this technology for miRNA detection with nanomolar sensitivity in both a cell-free system and intact cells.	0
Abstract2class: Single-cell FRET imaging of transferrin receptor trafficking dynamics by Sfp-catalyzed, site-specific protein labeling Abstract: Fluorescence imaging of living cells depends on an efficient and specific method for labeling the target cellular protein with fluorophores. Here we show that Sfp phosphopantetheinyl transferase-catalyzed protein labeling is suitable for fluorescence imaging of membrane proteins that spend at least part of their membrane trafficking cycle at the cell surface. In this study, transferrin receptor 1 (TfR1) was fused to peptide carrier protein (PCP), and the TfR1-PCP fusion protein was specifically labeled with fluorophore Alexa 488 by Sfp. The trafficking of transferrin-TfR1-PCP complex during the process of transferrin-mediated iron uptake was imaged by fluorescence resonance energy transfer between the fluorescently labeled transferrin ligand and TfR1 receptor. We thus demonstrated that Sfp-catalyzed small molecule labeling of the PCP tag represents a practical and efficient tool for molecular imaging studies in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: High-resolution NMR analysis of the conformations of native and base analog substituted retroviral and LTR-retrotransposon PPT primers Abstract: A purine-rich region of the plus-strand RNA genome of retroviruses and long terminal repeat (LTR)-containing retrotransposons, known as the polypurine tract (PPT), is resistant to hydrolysis by the RNase H domain of reverse transcriptase (RT) and ultimately serves as a primer for plus-strand DNA synthesis. The mechanisms underlying PPT resistance and selective processing remain largely unknown. Here, two RNA/DNA hybrids derived from the PPTs of HIV-1 and Ty3 were probed using high-resolution NMR for preexisting structural distortions in the absence of RT. The PPTs were selectively modified through base-pair changes or by incorporation of the thymine isostere, 2,4-difluoro-5-methylbenzene (dF), into the DNA strand. Although both wild-type (WT) and mutated hybrids adopted global A-form-like helical geometries, observed structural perturbations in the base-pair and dF-modified hybrids suggested that the PPT hybrids may function as structurally coupled domains.	0
Abstract2class: Reprogramming acyl carrier protein interactions of an Acyl-CoA promiscuous trans-acyltransferase Abstract: Protein interactions between acyl carrier proteins (ACPs) and trans-acting acyltransferase domains (trans-ATs) are critical for regioselective extender unit installation by many polyketide synthases, yet little is known regarding the specificity of these interactions, particularly for trans-ATs with unusual extender unit specificities. Currently, the best-studied trans-AT with nonmalonyl specificity is KirCII from kirromycin biosynthesis. Here, we developed an assay to probe ACP interactions based on leveraging the extender unit promiscuity of KirCII. The assay allows us to identify residues on the ACP surface that contribute to specific recognition by KirCII. This information proved sufficient to modify a noncognate ACP from a different biosynthetic system to be a substrate for KirCII. The findings form a foundation for further understanding the specificity of trans-AT:ACP protein interactions and for engineering modular polyketide synthases to produce analogs.	0
Abstract2class: RNA architecture dictates the conformations of a bound peptide Abstract: Background:                       The biological function of several viral and bacteriophage proteins, and their arginine-rich subdomains, involves RNA-mediated interactions. It has been shown recently that bound peptides adopt either beta-hairpin or alpha-helical conformations in viral and phage peptide-RNA complexes. We have compared the structures of the arginine-rich peptide domain of HIV-1 Rev bound to two RNA aptamers to determine whether RNA architecture can dictate the conformations of a bound peptide.                  Results:                       The core-binding segment of the HIV-1 Rev peptide class II RNA aptamer complex spans the two-base bulge and hairpin loop of the bound RNA and the carboxy-terminal segment of the bound peptide. The bound peptide is anchored in place by backbone and sidechain intermolecular hydrogen bonding and van der Waals stacking interactions. One of the bulge bases participates in U*(A*U) base triple formation, whereas the other is looped out and flaps over the bound peptide in the complex. The seven-residue hairpin loop is closed by a sheared G*A mismatch pair with several pyrimidines looped out of the hairpin fold.                  Conclusions:                       Our structural studies establish that RNA architecture dictates whether the same HIV-1 Rev peptide folds into an extended or alpha-helical conformation on complex formation. Arginine-rich peptides can therefore adapt distinct secondary folds to complement the tertiary folds of their RNA targets. This contrasts with protein-RNA complexes in which elements of RNA secondary structure adapt to fit within the tertiary folds of their protein targets.	0
Abstract2class: Fluorescence imaging of single-copy DNA sequences within the human genome using PNA-directed padlock probe assembly Abstract: We present an approach for fluorescent in situ detection of short, single-copy sequences within genomic DNA in human cells. The single-copy sensitivity and single-base specificity of our method is achieved due to the combination of three components. First, a peptide nucleic acid (PNA) probe locally opens a chosen target site, which allows a padlock DNA probe to access the site and become ligated. Second, rolling circle amplification (RCA) generates thousands of single-stranded copies of the target sequence. Finally, fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH) is used to visualize the amplified DNA. We validate this technique by successfully detecting six single-copy target sites on human mitochondrial and autosomal DNA. We also demonstrate the high selectivity of this method by detecting X- and Y-specific sequences on human sex chromosomes and by simultaneously detecting three sequence-specific target sites. Finally, we discriminate two target sites that differ by 2 nt. The PNA-RCA-FISH approach is a distinctive in situ hybridization method capable of multitarget visualization within human chromosomes and nuclei that does not require DNA denaturation and is extremely sequence specific.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative analysis of cleavable azobenzene-based affinity tags for bioorthogonal chemical proteomics Abstract: The advances in bioorthogonal ligation methods have provided new opportunities for proteomic analysis of newly synthesized proteins, posttranslational modifications, and specific enzyme families using azide/alkyne-functionalized chemical reporters and activity-based probes. Efficient enrichment and elution of azide/alkyne-labeled proteins with selectively cleavable affinity tags are essential for protein identification and quantification applications. Here, we report the synthesis and comparative analysis of Na₂S₂O₄-cleavable azobenzene-based affinity tags for bioorthogonal chemical proteomics. We demonstrated that ortho-hydroxyl substituent is required for efficient azobenzene-bond cleavage and show that these cleavable affinity tags can be used to identify newly synthesized proteins in bacteria targeted by amino acid chemical reporters as well as their sites of modification on endogenously expressed proteins. The azobenzene-based affinity tags are compatible with in-gel, in-solution, and on-bead enrichment strategies and should afford useful tools for diverse bioorthogonal proteomic applications.	0
Abstract2class: Structural disorder in expanding the functionome of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases Abstract: Over the past decade, aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases (AARSs) have emerged as a new class of regulatory proteins with widespread functions beyond their classic role in protein synthesis. The functional expansion concurs with the incorporation of new domains and motifs to AARSs and coincides with the emergence of the multi-synthetase complex (MSC) during the course of eukaryotic evolution. Notably, the new domains in AARSs are often found to be structurally disordered or to be linked to the enzyme cores via unstructured linkers. We performed bioinformatic analysis and classified the 20 human cytoplasmic AARSs into three groups based on their propensities for structural disorder. The analysis also suggests that, while the assembly of the MSC mainly involves ordered structural domains, structurally disordered regions play an important role in activating and expanding the regulatory functions of AARSs.	0
Abstract2class: Gain-of-function mutational activation of human tRNA synthetase procytokine Abstract: Disease-causing mutations occur in genes for aminoacyl tRNA synthetases. That some mutations are dominant suggests a gain of function. Native tRNA synthetases, such as tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase (TyrRS) and tryptophanyl-tRNA synthetase, catalyze aminoacylation and are also procytokines that are activated by natural fragmentation. In principle, however, gain-of-function phenotypes could arise from mutational activation of synthetase procytokines. From crystal structure analysis, we hypothesized that a steric block of a critical Glu-Leu-Arg (ELR) motif in full-length TyrRS suppresses the cytokine activity of a natural fragment. To test this hypothesis, we attempted to uncover ELR in the procytokine by mutating a conserved tyrosine (Y341) that tethers ELR. Site-specific proteolytic cleavage and small-angle X-ray scattering established subtle opening of the structure by the mutation. Strikingly, four different assays demonstrated mutational activation of cytokine functions. The results prove the possibilities for constitutive gain-of-function mutations in tRNA synthetases.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic lethal screening identifies compounds activating iron-dependent, nonapoptotic cell death in oncogenic-RAS-harboring cancer cells Abstract: We screened small molecules to identify two compounds, which we named RSL3 and RSL5, that have increased lethality in the presence of oncogenic RAS. Counter screening with biologically active compounds defined aspects of the mechanism of action for RSL3 and RSL5, such as a nonapoptotic, MEK-dependent, and iron-dependent oxidative cell death. Erastin, a previously reported compound with RAS-selective lethality, showed similar properties. RNA interference experiments targeting voltage-dependent anion channel 3 (VDAC3), a target of erastin, demonstrated that RSL5 is a scaffold that acts through VDACs to activate the observed pathway. RSL3 activated a similar death mechanism but in a VDAC-independent manner. We found that cells transformed with oncogenic RAS have increased iron content relative to their normal cell counterparts through upregulation of transferrin receptor 1 and downregulation of ferritin heavy chain 1 and ferritin light chain.	0
Abstract2class: Opening the TRPML gates Abstract: The intracellular TRPML channels have multiple biological roles, but the physiological stimuli that open them remained unknown. In a previous issue of Chemistry & Biology, Grimm et al. report a high-throughput chemical screen that identified a plethora of selective activators of TRPML3 that should open the way to fully characterize these channels and their physiological roles.	0
Abstract2class: Alternative epimerization in C(7)N-aminocyclitol biosynthesis is catalyzed by ValD, a large protein of the vicinal oxygen chelate superfamily Abstract: Gene valD, encodes a large vicinal oxygen chelate (VOC) superfamily protein, has been identified in the validamycin biosynthetic gene cluster. Inactivation of valD significantly reduced validamycin A production, which was fully restored with the full-length valD and partially restored with either N-terminal or C-terminal half by complementation. Heterologously expressed ValD catalyzed the epimerization of 2-epi-5-epi-valiolone to 5-epi-valiolone. This metalloenzyme is a homodimer with a metal ion-binding ratio of 0.73 mol/mole protein toward Fe(2+), Mn(2+), Ni(2+), and Zn(2+). Individual and combined site-directed mutations of eight putative active site residues revealed that the N-terminal H44/E107 and the C-terminal H315/E366 are more critical for the activity than the internal H130, E183, H229, and E291. Our data have established ValD as one of the largest proteins of the VOC superfamily, catalyzing an alternative epimerization for C(7)N-aminocyclitol biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical probes identify a role for histone deacetylase 3 in Friedreich's ataxia gene silencing Abstract: We recently identified a class of pimelic diphenylamide histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors that show promise as therapeutics in the neurodegenerative diseases Friedreich's ataxia (FRDA) and Huntington's disease. Here, we describe chemical approaches to identify the HDAC enzyme target of these inhibitors. Incubation of a trifunctional activity-based probe with a panel of class I and class II recombinant HDAC enzymes, followed by click chemistry addition of a fluorescent dye and gel electrophoresis, identifies HDAC3 as a unique high-affinity target of the probe. Photoaffinity labeling in a nuclear extract prepared from human lymphoblasts with the trifunctional probe, followed by biotin addition through click chemistry, streptavidin enrichment, and Western blotting also identifies HDAC3 as the preferred cellular target of the inhibitor. Additional inhibitors with different HDAC specificity profiles were synthesized, and results from transcription experiments in FRDA cells point to a unique role for HDAC3 in gene silencing in Friedreich's ataxia.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis for specific, high-affinity tetracycline binding by an in vitro evolved aptamer and artificial riboswitch Abstract: The tetracycline aptamer is an in vitro selected RNA that binds to the antibiotic with the highest known affinity of an artificial RNA for a small molecule (Kd approximately 0.8 nM). It is one of few aptamers known to be capable of modulating gene expression in vivo. The 2.2 A resolution cocrystal structure of the aptamer reveals a pseudoknot-like fold formed by tertiary interactions between an 11 nucleotide loop and the minor groove of an irregular helix. Tetracycline binds within this interface as a magnesium ion chelate. The structure, together with previous biochemical and biophysical data, indicates that the aptamer undergoes localized folding concomitant with tetracycline binding. The three-helix junction, h-shaped architecture of this artificial RNA is more complex than those of most aptamers and is reminiscent of the structures of some natural riboswitches.	0
Abstract2class: Screening for a diamond in the rough Abstract: Contrary to the standard of eliminating antimicrobial hits that collapse bacterial proton motive force (PMF), in this issue of Chemistry and Biology, Farha and colleagues describe the value of screens to identify molecules that dissipate PMF, yet are nonbacteriolytic and selectively toxic.	0
Abstract2class: Specific small molecule inhibitors of Skp2-mediated p27 degradation Abstract: In the ubiquitin proteasome system, the E3 ligase SCF-Skp2 and its accessory protein, Cks1, promote proliferation largely by inducing the degradation of the CDK inhibitor p27. Overexpression of Skp2 in human cancers correlates with poor prognosis, and deregulation of SCF-Skp2-Cks1 promotes tumorigenesis in animal models. We identified small molecule inhibitors specific to SCF-Skp2 activity using in silico screens targeted to the binding interface for p27. These compounds selectively inhibited Skp2-mediated p27 degradation by reducing p27 binding through key compound-receptor contacts. In cancer cells, the compounds induced p27 accumulation in a Skp2-dependent manner and promoted cell-type-specific blocks in the G1 or G2/M phases. Designing SCF-Skp2-specific inhibitors may be a novel strategy to treat cancers dependent on the Skp2-p27 axis.	0
Abstract2class: Neuronal store-operated calcium entry pathway as a novel therapeutic target for Huntington's disease treatment Abstract: Huntington's disease (HD) is a neurodegenerative disorder caused by a polyglutamine expansion within Huntingtin (Htt) protein. In the phenotypic screen we identified a class of quinazoline-derived compounds that delayed a progression of a motor phenotype in transgenic Drosophila HD flies. We found that the store-operated calcium (Ca(2+)) entry (SOC) pathway activity is enhanced in neuronal cells expressing mutant Htt and that the identified compounds inhibit SOC pathway in HD neurons. The same compounds exerted neuroprotective effects in glutamate-toxicity assays with YAC128 medium spiny neurons primary cultures. We demonstrated a key role of TRPC1 channels in supporting SOC pathway in HD neurons. We concluded that the TRPC1-mediated neuronal SOC pathway constitutes a novel target for HD treatment and that the identified compounds represent a novel class of therapeutic agents for treatment of HD and possibly other neurodegenerative disorders.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient in vivo synthesis of lasso peptide pseudomycoidin proceeds in the absence of both the leader and the leader peptidase Abstract: Bacterial lasso peptides are made from linear ribosomally synthesized precursors by specific cleavage at the leader-core junction site of the precursor by a dedicated protease recognizing the leader, followed by cyclisation of the newly formed N-terminus of the core part with a side chain of the internal aspartic or glutamic residue catalyzed by a macrolactam synthetase. The resulting structure has a tail that is threaded and fixed inside the cycle formed. Here, we characterize a new lasso peptide, pseudomycoidin, encoded by Bacillus pseudomycoides DSM 12442. The most surprising and unique feature of pseudomycoidin is that it can be produced in vivo from the ribosomally synthesized core part by a macrolactam synthetase, in the absence of the leader protease. The minimalism of the pseudomycoidin synthesis system makes it a powerful model to generate pseudomycoidin-based lasso-peptide libraries and to study the poorly understood process of lasso formation. We detected two additional pseudomycoidin modifications: phosphorylation of a terminal residue that was previously observed in another lasso peptide, followed by glycosylation, which was not observed heretofore. We speculate that these bulky C-terminal modifications may help maintain the threaded lasso topology of the compound synthesized by the macrolactam synthetase.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of a peripherally conjugated 5-6-7 nanographene Abstract: A heteroaromatic nanographene containing a unique assembly of five-, six- and seven-membered rings is synthesized using oxidative coupling of an indole-containing precursor. Near-infrared absorption and emission properties of the nanographene core are enhanced by peripheral expansion and ring fusion at all oxidation levels. The dicationic state shows distinct aromaticity originating from a peripheral π-conjugated circuit. A partially coupled intermediate, trapped in the synthesis of the 5-6-7 nanographene, is explored as a reference system, showing an unexpected reduction of the optical band gap due to intramolecular charge transfer.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and reactivity of a trigonal porous nanographene on a gold surface Abstract: The synthesis of porous nanographenes is a challenging task for solution chemistry, and thus, on-surface synthesis provides an alternative approach. Here, we report the synthesis of a triporous nanographene with 102 sp2 carbon atoms by combining solution and surface chemistry. The carbon skeleton was obtained by Pd-catalyzed cyclotrimerization of arynes in solution, while planarization of the molecule was achieved through two hierarchically organized on-surface cyclodehydrogenation reactions, intra- and inter-blade. Remarkably, the three non-planar [14]annulene pores of this nanographene further evolved at higher temperatures showing interesting intra-porous on-surface reactivity.	0
Abstract2class: HIV anti-latency treatment mediated by macromolecular prodrugs of histone deacetylase inhibitor, panobinostat Abstract: Histone deacetylase inhibitors (HDACi) and panobinostat in particular are currently in the focus of intensive investigation as latency reversing agents against the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Regretfully, HDACi have dose limiting side-effects making controlled, optimized methods for delivery of panobinostat highly warranted. This has proven to be highly challenging, predominantly because panobinostat has no readily available classic sites for bioconjugation. In this work, we address this challenge and present the first macromolecular prodrugs of panobinostat engineered using self immolative linkers (SIL) and a disulfide trigger for drug release upon cell entry. Synthetic methodology involved the development of a novel monomer with functionalities of SIL and activated ester for one-step polymer-analogous conjugation to drugs. In agreement with the design set forward, copolymers were stable in buffered solutions and released panobinostat at reducing conditions. Synthesized polymers were highly efficacious as latency reversing agents as monitored in three cell lines harboring latent HIV, at no expense to the cytotoxicity of treatment. The data presented herein provide broad pre-in vivo characterization of a promising prodrug system developed to address a global healthcare challenge, safe and efficient reversal of HIV latency.	0
Abstract2class: Optically transparent dense colloidal gels Abstract: Traditionally it has been difficult to study the porous structure of dense colloidal gels and (macro) molecular transport through them simply because of the difference in refractive index between the colloid material and the continuous fluid phase surrounding it, rendering the samples opaque even at low colloidal volume fractions. Here, we demonstrate a novel colloidal gel that can be refractive index-matched in aqueous solutions owing to the low refractive index of fluorinated latex (FL)-particles (n = 1.37). Synthesizing them from heptafluorobutyl methacrylate using emulsion polymerization, we demonstrate that they can be functionalized with short DNA sequences via a dense brush-layer of polystyrene-b-poly(ethylene oxide) block-copolymers (PS-PEO). The block-copolymer, holding an azide group at the free PEO end, was grafted to the latex particle utilizing a swelling-deswelling method. Subsequently, DNA was covalently attached to the azide-end of the block copolymer via a strain-promoted alkyne-azide click reaction. For comparison, we present a structural study of single gels made of FL-particles only and composite gels made of a percolating FL-colloid gel coated with polystyrene (PS) colloids. Further we demonstrate that the diffusivity of tracer colloids dispersed deep inside a refractive index matched FL-colloidal gel can be measured as function of the local confinement using Dynamic Differential Microscopy (DDM).	0
Abstract2class: Two-photon fluorescent polysiloxane-based films with thermally responsive self switching properties achieved by a unique reversible spirocyclization mechanism Abstract: Responsiveness and reversibility are present in nature, and are ubiquitous in biological systems. The realization of reversibility and responsiveness is of great importance in the development of properties and the design of new materials. However, two-photon fluorescent thermal-responsive materials have not been reported to date. Herein, we engineered thermally responsive polysiloxane materials (Dns-non) that exhibited unique two-photon luminescence, and this is the first report about thermally responsive luminescent materials with two-photon fluorescence. The fluorescence of Dns-non could switch from the "on" to "off" state through a facile heating and cooling process, which could be observed by the naked eye. Monitoring the temperature of the CPU in situ was achieved by easily coating D1-non onto the CPU surface, which verified the potential application in devices of Dns-non. A unique alkaline tuned reversible transition mechanism of rhodamine-B from its spirocyclic to its ring-open state was proposed. Furthermore, Dns-non appeared to be a useful cell adhesive for the culture of cells on the surface. We believe that the constructed thermally responsive silicon films which have promising utilization as a new type of functional fluorescent material, may show broad applications in materials chemistry or bioscience.	0
Abstract2class: Bioinspired enantioselective synthesis of crinine-type alkaloids via iridium-catalyzed asymmetric hydrogenation of enones Abstract: A bioinspired enantioselective synthesis of crinine-type alkaloids has been developed by iridium-catalyzed asymmetric hydrogenation of racemic cycloenones. The method features a biomimetic stereodivergent resolution of the substrates bearing a remote arylated quaternary stereocenter. Using this protocol, 24 crinine-type alkaloids and 8 analogues were synthesized in a concise and rapid way with high yield and high enantioselectivity.	0
Abstract2class: Selective recognition of choline phosphate by tripodal hexa-urea receptors with dual binding sites: crystal and solution evidence Abstract: Two tripodal hexa-urea receptors functionalized with aromatic terminal groups are capable of binding choline phosphate (CP). Crystal structures of the host-guest complexes reveal that the zwitterion CP is efficiently encapsulated in the tripodal hosts in a dual-site binding mode. The phosphate tail of CP is coordinated by the urea groups and the quaternary ammonium head is bound in a 'composite aromatic box' through cation-π and hydrogen-bonding interactions. Such a partial aromatic binding environment for the Me3N-+ cation mimics that of most enzymes catalyzing the conversion of quaternary ammonium substrates. Moreover, NMR, ESI-MS, and fluorescence studies demonstrate the selective binding and sensing of CP over other competing species such as ADP, ATP, choline and derivatives.	0
Abstract2class: Coordinating bioorthogonal reactions with two tumor-microenvironment-responsive nanovehicles for spatiotemporally controlled prodrug activation Abstract: Precise activation of prodrugs in tumor tissues is critical to ensuring specific antitumor efficacy, meanwhile reducing the serious adverse effects. Here, a spatiotemporally controlled prodrug activation strategy was provided by integrating the inverse electron demand Diels-Alder (IEDDA) reaction with two tumor-microenvironment-responsive nanovehicles. The prodrug (Dox-TCO) and [4-(6-methyl-1,2,4,5-tetrazin-3-yl)phenyl]methanamine (Tz) were separately camouflaged into low pH and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) sensitive micellar nanoparticles. After systemic administration, only in the tumor tissues could both the nanovehicles dissociate via responding to two special tumor microenvironments, with Dox-TCO and Tz released and then immediately triggering the prodrug activation through the IEDDA reaction. The hierarchically regulated and locally confined Dox liberation led to dramatically decreased side-effects that were much lower than those of the clinical Doxorubicin Hydrochloride Liposomal Injection (Doxil), while the antitumor therapeutic effect was potent.	0
Abstract2class: A novel photoredox-active group for the generation of fluorinated radicals from difluorostyrenes Abstract: A 4-tetrafluoropyridinylthio group was suggested as a new photoredox-active moiety. The group can be directly installed on difluorostyrenes in a single step by the thiolene click reaction. It proceeds upon visible light catalysis with 9-phenylacridine providing various difluorinated sulfides as radical precursors. Single electron reduction of the C-S bond with the formation of fluoroalkyl radicals is enabled by the electron-poor azine ring. The intermediate difluorinated sulfides were involved in a series of photoredox reactions with silyl enol ethers, alkenes, nitrones and an alkenyl trifluoroborate.	0
Abstract2class: Correction: Modulating the electron-transfer properties of a mixed-valence system through host-guest chemistry Abstract: [This corrects the article DOI: 10.1039/C4SC02799J.].	0
Abstract2class: Modulating the electron-transfer properties of a mixed-valence system through host-guest chemistry Abstract: Metal directed self-assembly has become a much-studied route towards complex molecular architectures. Although studies on mixed valence, MV, systems accessible through this approach are almost non-existent, the potential applications of such systems are very exciting as MV states provide the basis of a number of molecular-scale devices, including single electron wires and switches. Furthermore, while many novel hosts for guest ions and molecules have been developed through metal directed self-assembly, as these products tend to be kinetically labile, very few electrochemical studies have been reported. Herein, we report that the interplay between the binding properties and redox activity of a self-assembled trinuclear RuII macrocycle leads to an hitherto unreported phenomenon, in which access to specific MV states can be gated by host-guest chemistry. Thus, this system is the first in which MV states and the extent of electron delocalisation are switched by an ion without any change in electrochemical potential.	0
Abstract2class: Biomimetic enterobactin analogue mediates iron-uptake and cargo transport into E. coli and P. aeruginosa Abstract: The design, synthesis and biological evaluation of the artificial enterobactin analogue EntKL and several fluorophore-conjugates thereof are described. EntKL provides an attachment point for cargos such as fluorophores or antimicrobial payloads. Corresponding conjugates are recognized by outer membrane siderophore receptors of Gram-negative pathogens and retain the natural hydrolyzability of the tris-lactone backbone. Initial density-functional theory (DFT) calculations of the free energies of solvation (ΔG(sol)) and relaxed Fe-O force constants of the corresponding [Fe-EntKL]3- complexes indicated a similar iron binding constant compared to natural enterobactin (Ent). The synthesis of EntKL was achieved via an iterative assembly based on a 3-hydroxylysine building block over 14 steps with an overall yield of 3%. A series of growth recovery assays under iron-limiting conditions with Escherichia coli and Pseudomonas aeruginosa mutant strains that are defective in natural siderophore synthesis revealed a potent concentration-dependent growth promoting effect of EntKL similar to natural Ent. Additionally, four cargo-conjugates differing in molecular size were able to restore growth of E. coli indicating an uptake into the cytosol. P. aeruginosa displayed a stronger uptake promiscuity as six different cargo-conjugates were found to restore growth under iron-limiting conditions. Imaging studies utilizing BODIPYFL-conjugates, demonstrated the ability of EntKL to overcome the Gram-negative outer membrane permeability barrier and thus deliver molecular cargos via the bacterial iron transport machinery of E. coli and P. aeruginosa.	0
Abstract2class: Isotopic graphene-isolated-Au-nanocrystals with cellular Raman-silent signals for cancer cell pattern recognition Abstract: For cancer diagnosis, technologies must be capable of molecular recognition, and they must possess a built-in pattern recognition component for efficient imaging and discrimination of targeted cancer cells. Surface enhanced Raman scattering (SERS) tags based on plasmonically active nanoparticles hold promise for accurate and efficient cancer cell recognition, owing to ultra-narrow peak and sensitive optical properties. However, a complex fingerprint spectrum increases data analysis difficulty, making it necessary to develop multicolor SERS tags with a simple fingerprint spectrum. To address this, we herein fabricated SERS-encoded nanoparticles (NPs) with stable and simple fingerprint spectrum through synthesis of isotopic cellular Raman-silent graphene-isolated-Au-nanocrystals (GIANs) and conjugation with phospholipid-polyethylene glycol-linked aptamers to target proteins overexpressed on the cancer cell surface. GIANs, which possess the properties of graphitic nanomaterials, such as super-stable optical properties and high Raman cross-section, showed enhanced SERS signals. The 2D-band Raman shift of GIAN, which located in the cellular Raman-silent region, was easily regulated through fabrication of isotopic GIANs without changing their molecular structure. Such GIAN tags demonstrated multiplexed Raman imaging capability, both in vivo and in vitro, with low background interference. Moreover, cell membrane protein (nucleolin, mucin and epithelial cell adhesion molecule)-specific, aptamer-conjugated isotopic GIANs were fabricated and feasibly applied to built-in coding for rapid imaging and pattern recognition of targeted cancer cells. Such isotopic GIAN-aptamer-encoders show high potential for efficient cancer cell identification and diagnosis.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of oxalamides by acceptorless dehydrogenative coupling of ethylene glycol and amines and the reverse hydrogenation catalyzed by ruthenium Abstract: A sustainable, new synthesis of oxalamides, by acceptorless dehydrogenative coupling of ethylene glycol with amines, generating H2, homogeneously catalyzed by a ruthenium pincer complex, is presented. The reverse hydrogenation reaction is also accomplished using the same catalyst. A plausible reaction mechanism is proposed based on stoichiometric reactions, NMR studies, X-ray crystallography as well as observation of plausible intermediates.	0
Abstract2class: New atomically precise M1Ag21 (M = Au/Ag) nanoclusters as excellent oxygen reduction reaction catalysts Abstract: By introducing 1,1'-bis-(diphenylphosphino)ferrocene (dppf) as an activating ligand, two novel nanoclusters, M1Ag21 (M = Au/Ag), have been controllably synthesized and structurally characterized. The atomically precise structures of the M1Ag21 nanoclusters were determined by SCXC and further confirmed by ESI-TOF-MS, TGA, XPS, DPV, and FT-IR measurements. The M1Ag21 nanoclusters supported on activated carbon (C) are exploited as efficient oxygen reduction reaction (ORR) catalysts in alkaline solutions. Density functional theory (DFT) calculations verify that the catalytic activities of the two cluster-based systems originate from the significant ensemble synergy effect between the M13 kernel and dppf ligand in M1Ag21. This work sheds lights on the preparation of cluster-based electrocatalysts and other catalysts that are activated and modified by peripheral ligands.	0
Abstract2class: A versatile synthetic route for the preparation of titanium metal-organic frameworks Abstract: Exploitation of new titanium metal-organic frameworks (Ti-MOFs) with high crystallinity has been attracting great attention due to their vast application potential in photocatalysis. Herein a versatile synthetic strategy, namely, High Valence Metathesis and Oxidation (HVMO), is developed to synthesize a series of Ti-MOFs with predesigned topologies and structures. The crystallinity of these Ti-MOFs was well maintained throughout, as confirmed by powder X-ray diffraction and gas adsorption measurements. Significantly, there were only a few examples of Ti-MOFs, not to mention a general synthetic strategy for various kinds of Ti-MOFs in the literature. This contribution also illustrates the intriguing potential of Ti-MOF platforms in photocatalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Penetration depth tunable BODIPY derivatives for pH triggered enhanced photothermal/photodynamic synergistic therapy Abstract: Improving the deep-tissue phototherapy (PDT) efficiency in the near-infrared (NIR) region has become one of the major challenges in clinics for cancer treatment. Developing intelligent photosensitizers (PSs) responding to tumor-specific signals sensitively to minimize side effects is another major challenge for tumor phototherapy. Herein, three phenyl-based boron dipyrromethene (BODIPY) compounds with different numbers of diethylaminophenyl groups introduced onto the BODIPY core have been designed and synthesized by the Knoevenagel condensation reaction. The absorbance of these compounds (BDPmPh, BDPbiPh, and BDPtriPh) can be controlled easily for realizing the tunable penetration depth. Moreover, the diethylamino groups in these designed PSs can serve as proton acceptors triggered by the low pH in lysosomes which can enhance the efficacy of photodynamic and photothermal therapy. The corresponding nanoparticles (NPs) of the compounds are prepared through a nanoprecipitation method and in vitro studies demonstrate that the ultra-low drug dosage of BDPtriPh NPs (half-maximal inhibitory concentration, IC50 = 4.16 μM) is much lower than that of BDPmPh NPs (50.09 μM) and BDPbiPh NPs (22.4 μM). In vivo fluorescence imaging shows that these NPs can be passively targeted to tumors by the enhanced permeability and retention (EPR) effect, and BDPtriPh NPs exhibit the fastest accumulation (about 4 hours). In vivo phototherapy indicates that BDPtriPh NPs with the longest NIR absorbance (813 nm) and highest photothermal conversion efficiency (60.5%) can effectively inhibit tumor growth and reduce side effects to normal tissues. This study provides a strategy to modulate the photoconversion characteristics of PSs for both penetration-depth-tunable and pH-dependent PDT/PTT synergistic cancer therapy in clinics.	0
Abstract2class: Photosensitizer synergistic effects: D-A-D structured organic molecule with enhanced fluorescence and singlet oxygen quantum yield for photodynamic therapy Abstract: The development of photosensitizers with high fluorescence intensity and singlet oxygen (1O2) quantum yields (QYs) is of great importance for cancer diagnosis and photodynamic therapy (PDT). Diketopyrrolopyrrole (DPP) and boron dipyrromethene (BODIPY) are two kinds of building block with great potential for PDT. Herein, a novel donor-acceptor-donor (D-A-D) structured organic photosensitizer DPPBDPI with a benzene ring as a π bridge linking DPP and BODIPY has been designed and synthesized. The results indicate that the combination of DPP with BODIPY can simultaneously increase the fluorescence QY (5.0%) and the 1O2 QY (up to 80%) significantly by the synergistic effect of the two photosensitizers. By nanoprecipitation, DPPBDPI can form uniform nanoparticles (NPs) with a diameter of less than 100 nm. The obtained NPs not only exhibit high photo-toxicity, but also present negligible dark toxicity towards HeLa cells, demonstrating their excellent photodynamic therapeutic efficacy. In vivo fluorescence imaging shows that DPPBDPI NPs can target the tumor site quickly with the enhanced permeability and retention (EPR) effect and can effectively inhibit tumor growth using photodynamic therapy even with low doses (0.5 mg kg-1). The enhanced imaging and photodynamic performance of DPPBDPI suggest that the synergistic effect of DPP and BODIPY provides a novel theranostic platform for cancer diagnosis and photodynamic therapy.	0
Abstract2class: Novel ultraviolet (UV) nonlinear optical (NLO) materials discovered by chemical substitution-oriented design Abstract: Exploring novel functional materials via chemical substitution-oriented design is an emerging strategy. The method can be expanded to the discovery of high performance ultraviolet (UV) nonlinear optical (NLO) solid state materials by a careful tuning of the substituted atoms. This minireview presents a brief introduction to chemical substitution-oriented design including single-site substitution, dual-site substitution, and multisite substitution. Several state-of-the-art UV NLO materials such as K3VO(O2)2CO3-type, KBe2BO3F2 (KBBF)-type, Ca5(PO4)3(OH)-type, and KTiOPO4 (KTP)-type phases successfully discovered by the chemical substitution method are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Cs3VO(O2)2CO3: an exceptionally thermostable carbonatoperoxovanadate with an extremely large second-harmonic generation response Abstract: A novel nonlinear optical (NLO) carbonatoperoxovanadate, Cs3VO(O2)2CO3, with an exceptionally high thermostability was successfully synthesized by introducing highly polarizable Cs+ cations and inorganic polydentate carbonate anions into asymmetric peroxovanadates. The structure of Cs3VO(O2)2CO3 is composed of distorted [VO(O2)2CO3]3- units and charge balancing Cs+ cations. The title compound exhibits the largest NLO intensity ever found in the current carbonate NLO materials, i.e., 23.0 times that of KH2PO4 (KDP). The remarkably strong second-harmonic generation (SHG) response originates from the synergistic effect of the exceedingly polarizable Cs+ cations, distortive polyhedra of the V5+ cation, delocalized π orbitals in CO3 groups, and distorted localized π orbitals in O2 groups. First-principles calculations indicated that introducing the polarizable cations into peroxovanadates not only induces the enhancement of the SHG response but also improves the thermal stability of the framework.	0
Abstract2class: High-throughput imaging assay of multiple proteins via target-induced DNA assembly and cleavage Abstract: This work integrates target-induced DNA assembly and cleavage on a DNA chip to design a versatile imaging strategy as an assay for multiple proteins. The DNA assembly is achieved via immunological recognition to trigger the proximity hybridization for releasing a DNA sequence, which then hybridizes with FITC-DNA1 immobilized on the chip to induce the enzymatic cleavage of DNA1 and thus decrease the signals. The signal readout is performed with both fluorescent imaging of the left FITC and chemiluminescent (CL) imaging, by adding peroxidase labelled anti-FITC in assembly solution and CL substrates to produce CL emission. This one-step incubation can be completed in 30 min. The imaging method shows wide detection ranges and detection limits down to pg mL-1 for the simultaneous detection of 4 protein biomarkers. This high-throughput strategy with good practicability can be easily extended to other protein analytes, providing a powerful protocol for protein analysis and clinical diagnosis.	0
Abstract2class: Real-time imaging of surface chemical reactions by electrochemical photothermal reflectance microscopy Abstract: Traditional electrochemical measurements based on either current or potential responses only present the average contribution of an entire electrode's surface. Here, we present an electrochemical photothermal reflectance microscope (EPRM) in which a potential-dependent nonlinear photothermal signal is exploited to map an electrochemical process with sub-micron spatial resolution. By using EPRM, we are able to monitor the photothermal signal of a Pt electrode during the electrochemical reaction at an imaging speed of 0.3 s per frame. The potential-dependent photothermal signal, which is sensitive to the free electron density, clearly revealed the evolution of surface species on the Pt surface. Our results agreed well with the reported spectroelectrochemical techniques under similar conditions but with a much faster imaging speed. We further mapped the potential oscillation during the oxidation of formic acid on the Pt surface. The photothermal images from the Pt electrode well matched the potential change. This technique opens new prospects for real-time imaging of surface chemical reaction to reveal the heterogeneity of electrochemical reactivity, which enables broad applications to the study of catalysis, energy storage, and light harvest systems.	0
Abstract2class: Structural basis of head to head polyketide fusion by CorB Abstract: Corallopyronin A is a polyketide derived from the myxobacterium Corallococcus coralloides with potent antibiotic features. The gene cluster responsible for the biosynthesis of corallopyronin A has been described recently, and it was proposed that CorB acts as a ketosynthase to interconnect two polyketide chains in a rare head-to-head condensation reaction. We determined the structure of CorB, the interconnecting polyketide synthase, to high resolution and found that CorB displays a thiolase fold. Site-directed mutagenesis showed that the catalytic triad consisting of a cysteine, a histidine and an asparagine is crucial for catalysis, and that this triad shares similarities with the triad found in HMG-CoA synthases. We synthesized a substrate mimic to derivatize purified CorB and confirmed substrate attachment by ESI-MS. Structural analysis of the complex yielded an electron density-based model for the polyketide chain and showed that the unusually wide, T-shaped active site is able to accommodate two polyketides simultaneously. Our structural analysis provides a platform for understanding the unusual head-to-head polyketide-interconnecting reaction catalyzed by CorB.	0
Abstract2class: Ultrafast and long-time excited state kinetics of an NIR-emissive vanadium(iii) complex II. Elucidating triplet-to-singlet excited-state dynamics Abstract: We report the non-adiabatic dynamics of VIIICl3(ddpd), a complex based on the Earth-abundant first-row transition metal vanadium with a d2 electronic configuration which is able to emit phosphorescence in solution in the near-infrared spectral region. Trajectory surface-hopping dynamics based on linear vibronic coupling potentials obtained with CASSCF provide molecular-level insights into the intersystem crossing from triplet to singlet metal-centered states. While the majority of the singlet population undergoes back-intersystem crossing to the triplet manifold, 1-2% remains stable during the 10 ps simulation time, enabling the phosphorescence described in Dorn et al. Chem. Sci., 2021, DOI: 10.1039/D1SC02137K. Competing with intersystem crossing, two different relaxation channels via internal conversion through the triplet manifold occur. The nuclear motion that drives the dynamics through the different electronic states corresponds mainly to the increase of all metal-ligand bond distances as well as the decrease of the angles of trans-coordinated ligand atoms. Both motions lead to a decrease in the ligand-field splitting, which stabilizes the interconfigurational excited states populated during the dynamics. Analysis of the electronic character of the states reveals that increasing and stabilizing the singlet population, which in turn can result in enhanced phosphorescence, could be accomplished by further increasing the ligand-field strength.	0
Abstract2class: The IPEA dilemma in CASPT2 Abstract: Multi-configurational second order perturbation theory (CASPT2) has become a very popular method for describing excited-state properties since its development in 1990. To account for systematic errors found in the calculation of dissociation energies, an empirical correction applied to the zeroth-order Hamiltonian, called the IPEA shift, was introduced in 2004. The errors were attributed to an unbalanced description of open-shell versus closed-shell electronic states and is believed to also lead to an underestimation of excitation energies. Here we show that the use of the IPEA shift is not justified and the IPEA should not be used to calculate excited states, at least for organic chromophores. This conclusion is the result of three extensive analyses. Firstly, we survey the literature for excitation energies of organic molecules that have been calculated with the unmodified CASPT2 method. We find that the excitation energies of 356 reference values are negligibly underestimated by 0.02 eV. This value is an order of magnitude smaller than the expected error based on the calculation of dissociation energies. Secondly, we perform benchmark full configuration interaction calculations on 137 states of 13 di- and triatomic molecules and compare the results with CASPT2. Also in this case, the excited states are underestimated by only 0.05 eV. Finally, we perform CASPT2 calculations with different IPEA shift values on 309 excited states of 28 organic small and medium-sized organic chromophores. We demonstrate that the size of the IPEA correction scales with the amount of dynamical correlation energy (and thus with the size of the system), and gets immoderate already for the molecules considered here, leading to an overestimation of the excitation energies. It is also found that the IPEA correction strongly depends on the size of the basis set. The dependency on both the size of the system and of the basis set, contradicts the idea of a universal IPEA shift which is able to compensate for systematic CASPT2 errors in the calculation of excited states.	0
Abstract2class: Traceless parallel peptide purification by a first-in-class reductively cleavable linker system featuring a safety-release Abstract: Hundreds of peptides can be synthesized by automated parallel synthesizers in a single run. In contrast, the most widely used peptide purification method - high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) - only allows one-by-one processing of each sample. The chromatographic purification of many peptides, therefore, remains a time-consuming and costly effort. Catch-and-release methods can be processed in parallel and potentially provide a remedy. However, no such system has yet provided a true alternative to HPLC. Herein we present the development of a side-reaction free, reductively cleavable linker. The linker is added to the target peptide as the last building block during peptide synthesis. After acidic cleavage from synthetic resin, the linker-tagged full-length peptide is caught onto an aldehyde-modified solid support by rapid oxime ligation, allowing removal of all impurities lacking the linker by washing. Reducing the aryl azide to an aniline sensitizes the linker for cleavage. However, scission does not occur at non-acidic pH enabling wash out of reducing agent. Final acidic treatment safely liberates the peptide by an acid-catalysed 1,6-elimination. We showcase this first-in-class reductively cleavable linker system in the parallel purification of a personalized neoantigen cocktail, containing 20 peptides for cancer immunotherapy within six hours.	0
Abstract2class: Localization of ligands within human carbonic anhydrase II using 19F pseudocontact shift analysis Abstract: Unraveling the native structure of protein-ligand complexes in solution enables rational drug design. We report here the use of 19F pseudocontact shift (PCS) NMR as a method to determine fluorine positions of high affinity ligands bound within the drug target human carbonic anhydrase II with high accuracy. Three different ligands were localized within the protein by analysis of the obtained PCS from simple one-dimensional 19F spectra with an accuracy of up to 0.8 Å. In order to validate the PCS, four to five independent magnetic susceptibility tensors induced by lanthanide chelating tags bound site-specifically to single cysteine mutants were refined. Least-squares minimization and a Monte-Carlo approach allowed the assessment of experimental errors on the intersection of the corresponding four to five PCS isosurfaces. By defining an angle score that reflects the relative isosurface orientation for different tensor combinations, it was established that the ligand can be localized accurately using only three tensors, if the isosurfaces are close to orthogonal. For two out of three ligands, the determined position closely matched the X-ray coordinates. Our results for the third ligand suggest, in accordance with previously reported ab initio calculations, a rotated position for the difluorophenyl substituent, enabling a favorable interaction with Phe-131. The lanthanide-fluorine distance varied between 22 and 38 Å and induced 19F PCS ranged from 0.078 to 0.409 ppm, averaging to 0.213 ppm. Accordingly, even longer metal-fluorine distances will lead to meaningful PCS, rendering the investigation of protein-ligand complexes significantly larger than 30 kDa feasible.	0
Abstract2class: Construction of alkyl-substituted pentaphosphido ligands in the coordination sphere of cobalt Abstract: Rare mono- and diorganopentaphosphido cobalt complexes are accessible by P-P condensation using the unprecedented, reactive cobalt-gallium tetraphosphido complex [K(dme)2{(MesBIAN)Co(μ-η4:η2-P4)Ga(nacnac)}] (2). Compound 2 was prepared in good yield by reaction of [K(Et2O){(MesBIAN)Co(η4-1,5-cod)}] [1, BIAN = bis(mesitylimino)acenaphthene diimine, cod = 1,5-cyclooctadiene] with [Ga(nacnac)(η2-P4)] (nacnac = CH[CMeN(2,6-iPr2C6H3)]2). Reactions with R2PCl (R = iPr, tBu, and Cy) selectively afford [(MesBIAN)Co(cyclo-P5R2)] (3a-c), which feature η4-coordinated 1,1-diorganopentaphosphido ligands. The mechanism of formation of these species has been studied by 31P{1H} NMR spectroscopy and DFT calculations. In the case of 3a (R = iPr), it was possible to identify the intermediate [(MesBIAN)Co(μ-η4:η2-P5iPr2)Ga(nacnac)] (4) by single-crystal X-ray diffraction. A related, monosubstituted organopentaphosphido cobalt complex [(MesBIAN)Co(μ-η4:η1-P5 tBu)GaCl(nacnac)] (5) was isolated by reacting dichloroalkylphosphane tBuPCl2 with 2. Heterobimetallic complexes such as 2 thus may enable the targeted construction of a range of new metal-coordinated polyphosphorus frameworks by P-P condensation.	0
Abstract2class: Two-dimensional, conductive niobium and molybdenum metal-organic frameworks Abstract: The incorporation of second-row transition metals into metal-organic frameworks could greatly improve the performance of these materials across a wide variety of applications due to the enhanced covalency, redox activity, and spin-orbit coupling of late-row metals relative to their first-row analogues. Thus far, however, the synthesis of such materials has been limited to a small number of metals and structural motifs. Here, we report the syntheses of the two-dimensional metal-organic framework materials (H2NMe2)2Nb2(Cl2dhbq)3 and Mo2(Cl2dhbq)3 (H2Cl2dhbq = 3,6-dichloro-2,5-dihydroxybenzoquinone), which feature mononuclear niobium or molybdenum metal nodes and are formed through reactions driven by metal-to-ligand electron transfer. Characterization of these materials via X-ray absorption spectroscopy suggests a local trigonal prismatic coordination geometry for both niobium and molybdenum, consistent with their increased covalency relative to related first-row transition metal compounds. A combination of vibrational spectroscopy, magnetic susceptibility, and electronic conductivity measurements reveal that these two frameworks possess distinct electronic structures. In particular, while the niobium compound displays evidence for redox-trapping and strong magnetic interactions, the molybdenum phase is valence-delocalized with evidence of large polaron formation. Weak interlayer interactions in the neutral molybdenum phase enable solvent-assisted exfoliation to yield few-layer hexagonal nanosheets. Together, these results represent the first syntheses of metal-organic frameworks containing mononuclear niobium and molybdenum nodes, establishing a route to frameworks incorporating a more diverse range of second- and third-row transition metals with increased covalency and the potential for improved charge transport and stronger magnetic coupling.	0
Abstract2class: Design and synthesis of chiral and regenerable [2.2]paracyclophane-based NAD(P)H models and application in biomimetic reduction of flavonoids Abstract: With the rapid development of biomimetic asymmetric reduction, the demand for efficient chiral and regenerable NAD(P)H models is growing rapidly. Herein, a new class of [2.2]paracyclophane-based chiral and regenerable NAD(P)H models (CYNAMs) was designed and synthesized. The first enantioselective biomimetic reduction of tetrasubstituted alkene flavonoids has been successfully realized through enzyme-like cooperative bifunctional activation, giving chiral flavanones with up to 99% yield and 99% ee.	0
Abstract2class: Mitochondrion-targeted platinum complexes suppressing lung cancer through multiple pathways involving energy metabolism Abstract: Mitochondria are potential therapeutic targets for anticancer drugs. A series of mitochondrion-targeted monofunctional platinum complexes, [Pt(ortho-PPh3CH2Py)(NH3)2Cl](NO3)2 (OPT), [Pt(meta-PPh3CH2Py)(NH3)2Cl](NO3)2 (MPT), and [Pt(para-PPh3CH2Py)(NH3)2Cl](NO3)2 (PPT) (PPh3 = triphenylphosphonium, Py = pyridine), are studied in this article. The antitumor activity and mechanism of action have been investigated in vitro and in vivo as well as on molecular levels. OPT exhibits higher efficacy than cisplatin against A549 lung cancer cells; furthermore, it shows a strong inhibition towards the growth of non-small-cell lung cancer in nude mice. The DNA binding ability of these complexes follows an order of PPT > OPT > MPT. Cellular uptake and distribution studies show that OPT accumulates mainly in mitochondria, while MPT and PPT accumulate more preferentially in nuclei than in mitochondria. As a result, OPT induces remarkable changes in the ultrastructure and membrane of mitochondria, leading to more radical mitochondrial dysfunctions than cisplatin. The release of cytochrome c from mitochondria is more evident for cells treated with OPT than with cisplatin, though the apoptosis of A549 cells induced by OPT is similar to that induced by cisplatin. Disruption to mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation and glycolysis is involved in the antitumor mechanism of these compounds. The results indicate that in addition to DNA binding, bioenergetic pathways also play crucial roles in the antitumor activity of mitochondrion-targeted monofunctional platinum complexes.	0
Abstract2class: Glutathione boosting the cytotoxicity of a magnetic platinum(iv) nano-prodrug in tumor cells Abstract: Superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles (SPIONs) are potential vehicles for targeted drug delivery and viable contrast agents for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). A PtIV prodrug (HSPt) derived from functionalization of cisplatin with hydroxyl and succinate is conjugated with a poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG)-modified SPION for cancer therapy and monitoring of therapeutic responses. The relaxivity of HSPt-PEG-SPIONs is larger than that of commercial contrast agent Feridex, and a tumor-selective negative contrast is observed in MRI in a magnetic field. HSPt-PEG-SPIONs can be dissociated and reduced into PtII species by glutathione (GSH). Instead of forming DNA-Pt crosslinks, the reduced product induces direct DNA single- or double-strand breaks, which is uncommon for Pt drugs. The cytotoxicity of HSPt-PEG-SPIONs is positively correlated with the GSH level of tumor cells, which is opposite to the scenario of current Pt drugs. HSPt-PEG-SPIONs are as cytotoxic as cisplatin against cancer cells but are almost nontoxic towards normal cells. Since the mechanism of action of the nanocomposite is different from the established paradigm for Pt drugs, it may become a special theranostic agent for cancer treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Exploration of solid-state nanopores in characterizing reaction mixtures generated from a catalytic DNA assembly circuit Abstract: Recent advances have proven that using solid-state nanopores is a promising single molecular technique to enrich the DNA assembly signaling library. Other than using them for distinguishing structures, here we innovatively adapt solid-state nanopores for use in analyzing assembly mixtures, which is usually a tougher task for either traditional characterization techniques or nanopores themselves. A trigger induced DNA step polymerization (SP-CHA), producing three-way-DNA concatemers, is designed as a model. Through counting and integrating the translocation-induced current block when each concatemer passes through a glass conical glass nanopore, we propose an electrophoresis-gel like, but homogeneous, quantitative method that can comprehensively profile the "base-pair distribution" of SP-CHA concatemer mixtures. Due to the higher sensitivity, a number of super long concatemers that were previously difficult to detect via gel electrophoresis are also revealed. These ultra-concatemers, longer than 2 kbp, could provide a much enhanced signal-to-noise ratio for nanopores and are thus believed to be more accurate indicators for the existence of a trigger, which may be of benefit for further applications, such as molecular machines or biosensors.	0
Abstract2class: Orthogonally aligned cyclic BODIPY arrays with long-lived triplet excited states as efficient heavy-atom-free photosensitizers Abstract: In photosensitizers, long triplet excited state lifetimes are key to their efficient electron transfer or energy transfer processes. Herein, we report a novel class of cyclic trimeric BODIPY arrays which were efficiently generated from easily accessible meso-mesityldipyrrinone and arylboronic acids in one pot. Arylboronic acid, for the first time, was used to provide a boron source for BODIPY derivatives. Due to the well-defined and orthogonally aligned BODIPY cores as verified by X-ray crystallography, these BODIPY arrays show strong exciton coupling effects and efficient intersystem crossings, and are novel heavy-atom-free photosensitizers with a long-lived triplet excited state (lifetime up to 257.5 μs) and good reactive oxygen species generation efficiency (up to 0.72) contributed by both 1O2 and O2 -˙ under light irradiation.	0
Abstract2class: Assembly of high-nuclearity Sn26 , Sn34 -oxo clusters: solvent strategies and inorganic Sn incorporation Abstract: A series of unprecedented high-nuclearity tin-oxo nanoclusters (up to Sn34 ) with structural diversity have been obtained. The characteristics of the applied solvents had great influence on the assembly of these Sn-O clusters. Pure alcohol environments only gave rise to small clusters of Sn6 , whilst the introduction of water significantly increased the nuclearity to Sn26 , which greatly exceeds those of the known tin-oxo clusters (≤14); the use of aprotic CH3CN finally produced the largest Sn34 to date. Apart from the nuclearity breakthrough, the obtained tin-oxo clusters also present new structural types that are not found in previous reports, including a layered nanorod-like structure of Sn26 and the cage-dimer structure of Sn34 . The layered Sn26 clusters represent good molecular models for SnO2 materials. Moreover, an electrode derived from TOC-17 with a {Sn26 } core shows better electrocatalytic CO2 reduction activity than that from TOC-18 with Sn34 . This work not only provides an efficient methodology for the rational assembly of high-nuclearity Sn-O clusters, but also extends their potential applications in energy conversion.	0
Abstract2class: Sensitive and fast identification of bacteria in blood samples by immunoaffinity mass spectrometry for quick BSI diagnosis Abstract: Bloodstream infections rank among the most serious causes of morbidity and mortality in hospitalized patients, partly due to the long period (up to one week) required for clinical diagnosis. In this work, we have developed a sensitive method to quickly and accurately identify bacteria in human blood samples by combining optimized matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (MS) and efficient immunoaffinity enrichment/separation. A library of bacteria reference mass spectra at different cell numbers was firstly built. Due to a reduced sample spot size, the reference spectra could be obtained from as few as 10 to 102 intact bacterial cells. Bacteria in human blood samples were then extracted using antibodies-modified magnetic beads for MS fingerprinting. By comparing the sample spectra with the reference spectra based on a cosine correlation, bacteria with concentrations as low as 500 cells per mL in blood serum and 8000 cells per mL in whole blood were identified. The proposed method was further applied to positive clinical blood cultures (BCs) provided by a local hospital, where Escherichia coli and Staphylococcus aureus were identified. Because of the method's high sensitivity, the BC time required for diagnosis can be greatly reduced. As a proof of concept, whole blood spiked with a low initial concentration (102 or 103 cells per mL) of bacteria was cultured in commercial BC bottles and analysed by the developed method after different BC times. Bacteria were successfully identified after 4 hours of BC. Therefore, an entire diagnostic process could be accurately accomplished within half a day using the newly developed method, which could facilitate the timely determination of appropriate anti-bacterial therapy and decrease the risk of mortality from bloodstream infections.	0
Abstract2class: Detection of antimicrobial resistance-associated proteins by titanium dioxide-facilitated intact bacteria mass spectrometry Abstract: Titanium dioxide-modified target plates were developed to enhance intact bacteria analysis by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry. The plates were designed to photocatalytically destroy the bacterial envelope structure and improve the ionization efficiency of intracellular components, thereby promoting the measurable mass range and the achievable detection sensitivity. Accordingly, a method for rapid detection of antimicrobial resistance-associated proteins, conferring bacterial resistance against antimicrobial drugs, was established by mass spectrometric fingerprinting of intact bacteria without the need for any sample pre-treatment. With this method, the variations in resistance proteins' expression levels within bacteria were quickly measured from the relative peak intensities. This approach of resistance protein detection directly from intact bacteria by mass spectrometry is useful for fast discrimination of antimicrobial-resistant bacteria from their non-resistant counterparts whilst performing species identification. Also, it could be used as a rapid and convenient way for initial determination of the underlying resistance mechanisms.	0
Abstract2class: Closely related viruses of the marine picoeukaryotic alga Ostreococcus lucimarinus exhibit different ecological strategies Abstract: In marine ecosystems, viruses are major disrupters of the direct flow of carbon and nutrients to higher trophic levels. Although the genetic diversity of several eukaryotic phytoplankton virus groups has been characterized, their infection dynamics are less understood, such that the physiological and ecological implications of their diversity remain unclear. We compared genomes and infection phenotypes of the two most closely related cultured phycodnaviruses infecting the widespread picoprasinophyte Ostreococcus lucimarinus under standard- (1.3 divisions per day) and limited-light (0.41 divisions per day) nutrient replete conditions. OlV7 infection caused early arrest of the host cell cycle, coinciding with a significantly higher proportion of infected cells than OlV1-amended treatments, regardless of host growth rate. OlV7 treatments showed a near-50-fold increase of progeny virions at the higher host growth rate, contrasting with OlV1's 16-fold increase. However, production of OlV7 virions was more sensitive than OlV1 production to reduced host growth rate, suggesting fitness trade-offs between infection efficiency and resilience to host physiology. Moreover, although organic matter released from OlV1- and OlV7-infected hosts had broadly similar chemical composition, some distinct molecular signatures were observed. Collectively, these results suggest that current views on viral relatedness through marker and core gene analyses underplay operational divergence and consequences for host ecology.	0
Abstract2class: Phylogenetic constraints on elemental stoichiometry and resource allocation in heterotrophic marine bacteria Abstract: The objective of this study was to evaluate the contribution of evolutionary history to variation in the biomass stoichiometry and underlying biochemical allocation patterns of heterotrophic marine bacteria. We hypothesized that phylogeny significantly constrains biochemical allocation strategy and elemental composition among taxa of heterotrophic marine bacteria. Using a 'common-garden' experimental design, we detected significant interspecific variation in stoichiometry, macromolecule allocation and growth rate among 13 strains of marine Proteobacteria. However, this variation was not well explained by 16S rRNA phylogenetic relationships or differences in growth rate. Heterotrophic bacteria likely experience C-limitation when consuming resources in Redfield proportions, which consequently decouples growth rate from allocation to rRNA and biomass P content. Accordingly, overall bacterial C : nutrient ratios (C : P = 77, C : N = 4.9) were lower than Redfield proportions, whereas the average N : P ratio of 17 was consistent with the Redfield ratio. Our results suggest that strain-level diversity is an important driver of variation in the C : N : P ratios of heterotrophic bacterial biomass and that the potential importance of non-nucleic acid pools of P warrants further investigation. Continued work clarifying the range and controls on the stoichiometry of heterotrophic marine bacteria will help improve understanding and predictions of global ocean C, N and P dynamics.	0
Abstract2class: Widespread occurrence of an intranuclear bacterial parasite in vent and seep bathymodiolin mussels Abstract: Many parasitic bacteria live in the cytoplasm of multicellular animals, but only a few are known to regularly invade their nuclei. In this study, we describe the novel bacterial parasite "Candidatus Endonucleobacter bathymodioli" that invades the nuclei of deep-sea bathymodiolin mussels from hydrothermal vents and cold seeps. Bathymodiolin mussels are well known for their symbiotic associations with sulfur- and methane-oxidizing bacteria. In contrast, the parasitic bacteria of vent and seep animals have received little attention despite their potential importance for deep-sea ecosystems. We first discovered the intranuclear parasite "Ca. E. bathymodioli" in Bathymodiolus puteoserpentis from the Logatchev hydrothermal vent field on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. Using primers and probes specific to "Ca. E. bathymodioli" we found this intranuclear parasite in at least six other bathymodiolin species from vents and seeps around the world. Fluorescence in situ hybridization and transmission electron microscopy analyses of the developmental cycle of "Ca. E. bathymodioli" showed that the infection of a nucleus begins with a single rod-shaped bacterium which grows to an unseptated filament of up to 20 microm length and then divides repeatedly until the nucleus is filled with up to 80,000 bacteria. The greatly swollen nucleus destroys its host cell and the bacteria are released after the nuclear membrane bursts. Intriguingly, the only nuclei that were never infected by "Ca. E. bathymodioli" were those of the gill bacteriocytes. These cells contain the symbiotic sulfur- and methane-oxidizing bacteria, suggesting that the mussel symbionts can protect their host nuclei against the parasite. Phylogenetic analyses showed that the "Ca. E. bathymodioli" belongs to a monophyletic clade of Gammaproteobacteria associated with marine metazoans as diverse as sponges, corals, bivalves, gastropods, echinoderms, ascidians and fish. We hypothesize that many of the sequences from this clade originated from intranuclear bacteria, and that these are widespread in marine invertebrates.	0
Abstract2class: Cwp22, a novel peptidoglycan cross-linking enzyme, plays pleiotropic roles in Clostridioides difficile Abstract: Clostridioides difficile is a Gram-positive, spore-forming, toxin-producing anaerobe pathogen, and can induce nosocomial antibiotic-associated intestinal disease. While production of toxin A (TcdA) and toxin B (TcdB) contribute to the main pathogenesis of C. difficile, adhesion and colonization of C. difficile in the host gut are prerequisites for disease onset. Previous cell wall proteins (CWPs) were identified that were implicated in C. difficile adhesion and colonization. In this study, we predicted and characterized Cwp22 (CDR20291_2601) from C. difficile R20291 to be involved in bacterial adhesion based on the Vaxign reverse vaccinology tool. The ClosTron-generated cwp22 mutant showed decreased TcdA and TcdB production during early growth, and increased cell permeability and autolysis. Importantly, the cwp22 mutation impaired cellular adherence in vitro and decreased cytotoxicity and fitness over the parent strain in a mouse infection model. Furthermore, lactate dehydrogenase cytotoxicity assay, live-dead cell staining and transmission electron microscopy confirmed the decreased cell viability of the cwp22 mutant. Thus, Cwp22 is involved in cell wall integrity and cell viability, which could affect most phenotypes of R20291. Our data suggest that Cwp22 is an attractive target for C. difficile infection therapeutics and prophylactics.	0
Abstract2class: Colonization of medical devices by staphylococci Abstract: The use of medical devices in modern medicine is constantly increasing. Despite the multiple precautionary strategies that are being employed in hospitals, which include increased hygiene and sterilization measures, bacterial infections on these devices still happen frequently. Staphylococci are among the major causes of medical device infection. This is mostly due to the strong capacity of those bacteria to form device-associated biofilms, which provide resistance to chemical and physical treatments as well as attacks by the host's immune system. Biofilm development is a multistep process with specific factors participating in each step. It is tightly regulated to provide a balance between biofilm expansion and detachment. Detachment from a biofilm on a medical device can lead to severe systemic infection, such as bacteremia and sepsis. While our understanding of staphylococcal biofilm formation has increased significantly and staphylococcal biofilm formation on medical devices is among the best understood biofilm-associated infections, the extensive effort put in preclinical studies with the goal to find novel therapies against staphylococcal device-associated infections has not yet resulted in efficient, applicable therapeutic options for that difficult-to-treat type of disease.	0
Abstract2class: Genome sequences of two novel phages infecting marine roseobacters Abstract: Two bacteriophages, DSS3Phi2 and EE36Phi1, which infect marine roseobacters Silicibacter pomeroyi DSS-3 and Sulfitobacter sp. EE-36, respectively, were isolated from Baltimore Inner Harbor water. These two roseophages resemble bacteriophage N4, a large, short-tailed phage infecting Escherichia coli K12, in terms of their morphology and genomic structure. The full genome sequences of DSS3Phi2 and EE36Phi1 reveal that their genome sizes are 74.6 and 73.3 kb, respectively, and they both contain a highly conserved N4-like DNA replication and transcription system. Both roseophages contain a large virion-encapsidated RNA polymerase gene (> 10 kb), which was first discovered in N4. DSS3Phi2 and EE36Phi1 also possess several genes (i.e. ribonucleotide reductase and thioredoxin) that are most similar to the genes in roseobacters. Overall, the two roseophages are highly closely related, and share 80-94% nucleotide sequence identity over 85% of their ORFs. This is the first report of N4-like phages infecting marine bacteria and the second report of N4-like phage since the discovery of phage N4 40 years ago. The finding of these two N4-like roseophages will allow us to further explore the specific phage-host interaction and evolution for this unique group of bacteriophages.	0
Abstract2class: The ArfGAP protein MoGlo3 regulates the development and pathogenicity of Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: The ADP ribosylation factor (Arf) and the coat protein complex I (COPI) are involved in vesicle transport. Together with GTPase-activating proteins (ArfGAPs) and guanine exchange factors (ArfGEFs) that regulate the activity of Arf, they govern vesicle formation, COPI trafficking and the maintenance of the Golgi complex. In an ongoing effort to study the role of membrane trafficking in pathogenesis of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae, we identified MoGlo3 as an ArfGAP protein that is homologous to Glo3p of the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. As suspected, MoGlo3 partially complements the function of yeast Glo3p. Consistent with findings in S. cerevisiae, MoGlo3 is localized to the Golgi, and that the localization is dependent on the conserved BoCCS domain. We found that MoGlo3 is highly expressed during conidiation and early infection stages and is required for vegetative growth, conidial production and sexual development. We further found that the ΔMoglo3 mutant is defective in endocytosis, scavenging of the reactive oxygen species, and in the response to endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. The combined effects result in failed appressorium function and decreased pathogenicity. Moreover, we provided evidence showing that the domains including the GAP, BoCCS and GRM are all important for normal MoGlo3 functions. Our studies further illustrate the importance of normal membrane trafficking in the physiology and pathogenicity of the rice blast fungus.	0
Abstract2class: Guttation capsules containing hydrogen peroxide: an evolutionarily conserved NADPH oxidase gains a role in wars between related fungi Abstract: When resources are limited, the hypocrealean fungus Trichoderma guizhouense can overgrow another hypocrealean fungus Fusarium oxysporum, cause sporadic cell death and arrest growth. A transcriptomic analysis of this interaction shows that T. guizhouense undergoes a succession of metabolic stresses while F. oxysporum responded relatively neutrally but used the constitutive expression of several toxin-encoding genes as a protective strategy. Because of these toxins, T. guizhouense cannot approach it is potential host on the substrate surface and attacks F. oxysporum from above. The success of T. guizhouense is secured by the excessive production of hydrogen peroxide (H2 O2 ), which is stored in microscopic bag-like guttation droplets hanging on the contacting hyphae. The deletion of NADPH oxidase nox1 and its regulator, nor1 in T. guizhouense led to a substantial decrease in H2 O2 formation with concomitant loss of antagonistic activity. We envision the role of NOX proteins in the antagonism of T. guizhouense as an example of metabolic exaptation evolved in this fungus because the primary function of these ancient proteins was probably not linked to interfungal relationships. In support of this, F. oxysporum showed almost no transcriptional response to T. guizhouense Δnox1 strain indicating the role of NOX/H2 O2 in signalling and fungal communication.	0
Abstract2class: Direct amplification of nodD from community DNA reveals the genetic diversity of Rhizobium leguminosarum in soil Abstract: Sequences of nodD, a gene found only in rhizobia, were amplified from total community DNA isolated from a pasture soil. The polymerase chain reaction (PCR) primers used, Y5 and Y6, match nodD from Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar trifolii, R. leguminosarum biovar viciae and Sinorhizobium meliloti. The PCR product was cloned and yielded 68 clones that were identified by restriction pattern as derived from biovar trifolii [11 restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) types] and 15 clones identified as viciae (seven RFLP types). These identifications were confirmed by sequencing. There were no clones related to S. meliloti nodD. For comparison, 122 strains were isolated from nodules of white clover (Trifolium repens) growing at the field site, and 134 from nodules on trap plants of T. repens inoculated with the soil. The nodule isolates were of four nodD RFLP types, with 77% being of a single type. All four of these patterns were also found among the clones from soil DNA, and the same type was the most abundant, although it made up only 34% of the trifolii-like clones. We conclude that clover selects specific genotypes from the available soil population, and that R. leguminosarum biovar trifolii was approximately five times more abundant than biovar viciae in this pasture soil, whereas S. meliloti was rare.	0
Abstract2class: A proteome quality index Abstract: We present the Proteome Quality Index (PQI; http://pqi-list.org), a much-needed resource for users of bacterial and eukaryotic proteomes. Completely sequenced genomes for which there is an available set of protein sequences (the proteome) are given a one- to five-star rating supported by 11 different metrics of quality. The database indexes over 3000 proteomes at the time of writing and is provided via a website for browsing, filtering and downloading. Previous to this work, there was no systematic way to account for the large variability in quality of the thousands of proteomes, and this is likely to have profoundly influenced the outcome of many published studies, in particular large-scale comparative analyses. The lack of a measure of proteome quality is likely due to the difficulty in producing one, a problem that we have approached by integrating multiple metrics. The continued development and improvement of the index will require the contribution of additional metrics by us and by others; the PQI provides a useful point of reference for the scientific community, but it is only the first step towards a 'standard' for the field.	0
Abstract2class: A genomic update on clostridial phylogeny: Gram-negative spore formers and other misplaced clostridia Abstract: The class Clostridia in the phylum Firmicutes (formerly low-G+C Gram-positive bacteria) includes diverse bacteria of medical, environmental and biotechnological importance. The Selenomonas-Megasphaera-Sporomusa branch, which unifies members of the Firmicutes with Gram-negative-type cell envelopes, was recently moved from Clostridia to a separate class Negativicutes. However, draft genome sequences of the spore-forming members of the Negativicutes revealed typically clostridial sets of sporulation genes. To address this and other questions in clostridial phylogeny, we have compared a phylogenetic tree for a concatenated set of 50 widespread ribosomal proteins with the trees for beta subunits of the RNA polymerase (RpoB) and DNA gyrase (GyrB) and with the 16S rRNA-based phylogeny. The results obtained by these methods showed remarkable consistency, suggesting that they reflect the true evolutionary history of these bacteria. These data put the Selenomonas-Megasphaera-Sporomusa group back within the Clostridia. They also support placement of Clostridium difficile and its close relatives within the family Peptostreptococcaceae; we suggest resolving the long-standing naming conundrum by renaming it Peptoclostridium difficile. These data also indicate the existence of a group of cellulolytic clostridia that belong to the family Ruminococcaceae. As a tentative solution to resolve the current taxonomical problems, we propose assigning 78 validly described Clostridium species that clearly fall outside the family Clostridiaceae to six new genera: Peptoclostridium, Lachnoclostridium, Ruminiclostridium, Erysipelatoclostridium, Gottschalkia and Tyzzerella. This work reaffirms that 16S rRNA and ribosomal protein sequences are better indicators of evolutionary proximity than phenotypic traits, even such key ones as the structure of the cell envelope and Gram-staining pattern.	0
Abstract2class: A feed-forward signalling circuit controls bacterial virulence through linking cyclic di-GMP and two mechanistically distinct sRNAs, ArcZ and RsmB Abstract: Dickeya dadantii is a plant pathogen that causes soft rot disease on vegetable and potato crops. To successfully cause infection, this pathogen needs to coordinately modulate the expression of genes encoding several virulence determinants, including plant cell wall degrading enzymes (PCWDEs), type III secretion system (T3SS) and flagellar motility. Here, we uncover a novel feed-forward signalling circuit for controlling virulence. Global RNA chaperone Hfq interacts with an Hfq-dependent sRNA ArcZ and represses the translation of pecT, encoding a LysR-type transcriptional regulator. We demonstrate that the ability of ArcZ to be processed to a 50 nt 3'- end fragment is essential for its regulation of pecT. PecT down-regulates PCWDE and the T3SS by repressing the expression of a global post-transcriptional regulator- (RsmA-) associated sRNA encoding gene rsmB. In addition, we show that the protein levels of two cyclic di-GMP (c-di-GMP) diguanylate cyclases (DGCs), GcpA and GcpL, are repressed by Hfq. Further studies show that both DGCs are essential for the Hfq-mediated post-transcriptional regulation on RsmB. Overall, our report provides new insights into the interplays between ubiquitous signalling transduction systems that were most studied independently and sheds light on multitiered regulatory mechanisms for a precise disease regulation in bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Cross-talk between a regulatory small RNA, cyclic-di-GMP signalling and flagellar regulator FlhDC for virulence and bacterial behaviours Abstract: Dickeya dadantii is a globally dispersed phytopathogen which causes diseases on a wide range of host plants. This pathogen utilizes the type III secretion system (T3SS) to suppress host defense responses, and secretes pectate lyase (Pel) to degrade the plant cell wall. Although the regulatory small RNA (sRNA) RsmB, cyclic diguanylate monophosphate (c-di-GMP) and flagellar regulator have been reported to affect the regulation of these two virulence factors or multiple cell behaviours such as motility and biofilm formation, the linkage between these regulatory components that coordinate the cell behaviours remain unclear. Here, we revealed a sophisticated regulatory network that connects the sRNA, c-di-GMP signalling and flagellar master regulator FlhDC. We propose multi-tiered regulatory mechanisms that link the FlhDC to the T3SS through three distinct pathways including the FlhDC-FliA-YcgR3937 pathway; the FlhDC-EcpC-RpoN-HrpL pathway; and the FlhDC-rsmB-RsmA-HrpL pathway. Among these, EcpC is the most dominant factor for FlhDC to positively regulate T3SS expression.	0
Abstract2class: Demethylation of methylarsonic acid by a microbial community Abstract: Arsenic is one of the most widespread environmental carcinogens and has created devastating human health problems worldwide, yet little is known about mechanisms of biotransformation in contaminated regions. Methylarsonic acid [MAs(V)], extensively utilized as an herbicide, is largely demethylated to more toxic inorganic arsenite, which causes environmental problems. To understand the process of demethylation of methylarsenicals, soil samples commonly used on Florida golf courses were studied. Several soil extracts were found to demethylate MAs(V) to inorganic arsenite [As(III)]. From these extracts, a bacterial isolate was capable of reducing MAs(V) to MAs(III) but not of demethylating to As(III). A second bacterial isolate was capable of demethylating MAs(III) to As(III) but not of reducing MAs(V). A mixed culture could carry out the complete process of reduction and demethylation, demonstrating that demethylation of MAs(V) to As(III) is a two-step process. Analysis of the 16S ribosomal DNA sequences of the two organisms identified the MAs(V)-reducing and the MAs(III)-demethylating isolates as belong to Burkholderia and Streptomyces species respectively. This is the first report of a novel pathway of degradation of a methylarsenical herbicide by sequential reduction and demethylation in a microbial soil community, which we propose plays a significant role in the arsenic biogeocycle.	0
Abstract2class: MoMip11, a MoRgs7-interacting protein, functions as a scaffolding protein to regulate cAMP signaling and pathogenicity in the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: The rice blast fungus Magnaporthe oryzae has eight regulators of G-protein signaling (RGS) and RGS-like proteins (MoRgs1 to MoRgs8) that exhibit both distinct and shared regulatory functions in the growth, differentiation and pathogenicity of the fungus. We found MoRgs7 with a unique RGS-seven transmembrane (7-TM) domain motif is localized to the highly dynamic tubule-vesicular compartments during early appressorium differentiation followed by gradually degradation. To explore whether this involves an active signal perception of MoRgs7, we identified a Gbeta-like/RACK1 protein homolog in M. oryzae MoMip11 that interacts with MoRgs7. Interestingly, MoMip11 selectively interacted with several components of the cAMP regulatory pathway, including Gα MoMagA and the high-affinity phosphodiesterase MoPdeH. We further showed that MoMip11 promotes MoMagA activation and suppresses MoPdeH activity thereby upregulating intracellular cAMP levels. Moreover, MoMip11 is required for the response to multiple stresses, a role also shared by Gbeta-like/RACK1 adaptor proteins. In summary, we revealed a unique mechanism by which MoMip11 links MoRgs7 and G-proteins to reugulate cAMP signaling, stress responses and pathogenicity of M. oryzae. Our studies revealed the multitude of regulatory networks that govern growth, development and pathogenicity in this important causal agent of rice blast.	0
Abstract2class: Heterotrophic bacteria from an extremely phosphate-poor lake have conditionally reduced phosphorus demand and utilize diverse sources of phosphorus Abstract: Heterotrophic Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria were isolated from Lake Matano, Indonesia, a stratified, ferruginous (iron-rich), ultra-oligotrophic lake with phosphate concentrations below 50 nM. Here, we describe the growth of eight strains of heterotrophic bacteria on a variety of soluble and insoluble sources of phosphorus. When transferred to medium without added phosphorus (P), the isolates grow slowly, their RNA content falls to as low as 1% of cellular dry weight, and 86-100% of the membrane lipids are replaced with amino- or glycolipids. Similar changes in lipid composition have been observed in marine photoautotrophs and soil heterotrophs, and similar flexibility in phosphorus sources has been demonstrated in marine and soil-dwelling heterotrophs. Our results demonstrate that heterotrophs isolated from this unusual environment alter their macromolecular composition, which allows the organisms to grow efficiently even in their extremely phosphorus-limited environment.	0
Abstract2class: In situ activity of NAC11-7 roseobacters in coastal waters off the Chesapeake Bay based on ftsZ expression Abstract: Determining in situ growth rates for specific bacterioplankton is of critical importance to understanding their contributions to energy and matter flow in the Ocean. Quantifying expression of genes central to cell division is a plausible approach for obtaining these measurements. In order to test this approach's assumptions, a quantitative PCR assay targeting the cell division gene ftsZ in the ubiquitous NAC11-7 group of the Rhodobacterales order of marine bacteria was developed. ftsZ genes and their corresponding mRNAs were measured in diel in situ samples and in parallel on-deck incubations. Strong correlations between ftsZ expression and gene abundance (R-squared = 0.62) were observed in situ. Rapid changes in NAC11-7 ftsZ gene copies suggested that different populations from different water types were sampled with a significant positive correlation between ftsZ expression and water temperature (R-squared = 0.68, P < 0.001). An outlier to this trend occurred at a single time point (9:00), which was remarkably consistent with a concomitant peak in ftsZ expression in on-deck incubations, suggesting the possibility of synchronous population growth.	0
Abstract2class: The effect of varying levels of sodium bicarbonate on polychlorinated biphenyl dechlorination in Hudson River sediment cultures Abstract: The addition of different concentrations of sodium bicarbonate had a profound effect on 2,3,4,5-chlorobiphenyl (2,3,4,5-CB) dechlorination in Hudson River sediment cultures. The most extensive dechlorination was observed in cultures to which 100 mg l(-1) bicarbonate was added. Cultures amended with 1000 mg l(-1) bicarbonate had the least extensive dechlorination, with 2,4-CB and 2,5-CB as predominant end-products. A significant loss of total chlorinated biphenyl mass was observed in cultures to which < or = 500 mg l(-1) bicarbonate was added, suggesting that degradation beyond chlorinated biphenyls occurred. The dynamics of acetate formation were different among the treatments, with high acetate concentrations detected throughout the 303-day experiment in cultures to which 1000 mg l(-1) bicarbonate had been added. Sodium bicarbonate addition also had a significant impact on bacterial community structure as detected by polymerase chain reaction-denaturant gradient gel electrophoresis (PCR-DGGE) of 16S rRNA gene fragments. Three putative polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) dechlorinators were identified; one Dehalococcoides-like population was detected in all enrichment cultures, whereas two Dehalobacter-like populations were only detected in the enrichment cultures with the most extensive dechlorination. These results suggest that the availability of bicarbonate, and potentially sodium, may affect PCB dechlorination in Hudson River sediment and thus need to be taken into consideration when assessing the fate of PCBs or implementing bioremediation.	0
Abstract2class: Mimicking the oxygen minimum zones: stimulating interaction of aerobic archaeal and anaerobic bacterial ammonia oxidizers in a laboratory-scale model system Abstract: In marine oxygen minimum zones (OMZs), ammonia-oxidizing archaea (AOA) rather than marine ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (AOB) may provide nitrite to anaerobic ammonium-oxidizing (anammox) bacteria. Here we demonstrate the cooperation between marine anammox bacteria and nitrifiers in a laboratory-scale model system under oxygen limitation. A bioreactor containing 'Candidatus Scalindua profunda' marine anammox bacteria was supplemented with AOA (Nitrosopumilus maritimus strain SCM1) cells and limited amounts of oxygen. In this way a stable mixed culture of AOA, and anammox bacteria was established within 200 days while also a substantial amount of endogenous AOB were enriched. 'Ca. Scalindua profunda' and putative AOB and AOA morphologies were visualized by transmission electron microscopy and a C18 anammox [3]-ladderane fatty acid was highly abundant in the oxygen-limited culture. The rapid oxygen consumption by AOA and AOB ensured that anammox activity was not affected. High expression of AOA, AOB and anammox genes encoding for ammonium transport proteins was observed, likely caused by the increased competition for ammonium. The competition between AOA and AOB was found to be strongly related to the residual ammonium concentration based on amoA gene copy numbers. The abundance of archaeal amoA copy numbers increased markedly when the ammonium concentration was below 30 μM finally resulting in almost equal abundance of AOA and AOB amoA copy numbers. Massive parallel sequencing of mRNA and activity analyses further corroborated equal abundance of AOA and AOB. PTIO addition, inhibiting AOA activity, was employed to determine the relative contribution of AOB versus AOA to ammonium oxidation. The present study provides the first direct evidence for cooperation of archaeal ammonia oxidation with anammox bacteria by provision of nitrite and consumption of oxygen.	0
Abstract2class: Systems-level analysis of the metabolic responses of the diatom Phaeodactylum tricornutum to phosphorus stress Abstract: Phosphorus is an important macronutrient. To understand the molecular and cellular responses to phosphorus stress better, transcriptome profiling in combination with biochemical investigations was conducted in the model diatom Phaeodactylum tricornutum. Out of 10 402 predicted genes, 2491 and 405 genes were significantly upregulated or downregulated respectively. Unsurprisingly, genes associated with phosphate uptake were upregulated, such as the phosphate transporters and alkaline phosphatases. Genes encoding stress-shock proteins were accordingly upregulated, including genes associated with stress-responsive proteins, signal transduction and secondary metabolism. Additionally, genes related to protein translation, carbon fixation, glycolysis and the citric acid cycle were also upregulated. Genes associated with gene transcription were downregulated, thereby resulting in the upregulation of translation to compensate for the limited supply of messenger RNA. The downregulation of genes related to β-oxidation could contribute to the accumulation of fatty acids. Accordingly, triacylglycerols, which are important for energy storage, were determined to increase by 1.65-fold. Intracellular membranes, other than chloroplast membranes, tended to be dispersed; this finding was in accordance with the increased transcription of a total of 11 genes encoding putative phospholipases. Taken together, this work revealed the coordination of multiple metabolic pathways and certain key genes in the adaptation of P. tricornutum to phosphorus stress.	0
Abstract2class: Serine/threonine kinase PpkA coordinates the interplay between T6SS2 activation and quorum sensing in the marine pathogen Vibrio alginolyticus Abstract: Type VI secretion systems (T6SS) are multiprotein secretion machines that can mediate killing of bacterial cells and thereby modify the composition of bacterial communities. The mechanisms that control the production of and secretion of these killing machines are incompletely understood, although quorum sensing (QS) and the PpkA kinase modulate T6SS activity in some organisms. Here we investigated control the T6S in the marine organism Vibrio alginolyticus EPGS, which encodes two T6SS systems (T6SS1 and T6SS2). We found that the organism principally relies on T6SS2 for interbacterial competition. We further carried out a phosphoproteomic screen to identify substrates of the T6SS2-linked PpkA2 kinase. Substrates of PpkA2 encoded within the T6SS2 cluster as well proteins that are apparently not linked to T6SS-related processes were identified. Similar to other organisms, PpkA2 autophosphorylation was critical for T6SS2 function. Notably, phosphorylation of a polypeptide encoded outside of the T6SS2 cluster, VtsR, was critical for T6SS2 expression and function because it augments the expression of luxR, a key regulator of QS that also promotes T6SS2 gene expression. Thus, PpkA2 controls a phosphorylation cascade that mediates a positive regulatory loop entwining T6SS and QS, thereby coordinating these pathways to enhance the competitive fitness of V. alginolyticus.	0
Abstract2class: Retrieval of entire genes from environmental DNA by inverse PCR with pre-amplification of target genes using primers containing locked nucleic acids Abstract: We had been unsuccessful to amplify desired nucleotide sequences from various environmental DNA samples by using the inverse polymerase chain reaction (IPCR) technique, most probably because the copy numbers of target DNA sequences had been quite low. To enrich the target DNA sequences prior to IPCR, a rolling-circle amplification was used with a site-specific primer containing locked nucleic acids (LNAs). This pre-amplified IPCR (PAI-PCR) method increased the sensitivity of PCR almost 10,000 times compared with the standard IPCR in model experiments using Escherichia coli. We then applied the PAI-PCR method to isolate glycosyl hydrolase genes from DNAs extracted from vermiform appendixes of horses and termite guts. The flanking sequences of the target genes were amplified and cloned successfully using PAI-PCR, whereas standard IPCR resulted in no amplification.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide association of functional traits linked with Campylobacter jejuni survival from farm to fork Abstract: Campylobacter jejuni is a major cause of bacterial gastroenteritis worldwide, primarily associated with the consumption of contaminated poultry. C. jejuni lineages vary in host range and prevalence in human infection, suggesting differences in survival throughout the poultry processing chain. From 7343 MLST-characterised isolates, we sequenced 600 C. jejuni and C. coli isolates from various stages of poultry processing and clinical cases. A genome-wide association study (GWAS) in C. jejuni ST-21 and ST-45 complexes identified genetic elements over-represented in clinical isolates that increased in frequency throughout the poultry processing chain. Disease-associated SNPs were distinct in these complexes, sometimes organised in haplotype blocks. The function of genes containing associated elements was investigated, demonstrating roles for cj1377c in formate metabolism, nuoK in aerobic survival and oxidative respiration, and cj1368-70 in nucleotide salvage. This work demonstrates the utility of GWAS for investigating transmission in natural zoonotic pathogen populations and provides evidence that major C. jejuni lineages have distinct genotypes associated with survival, within the host specific niche, from farm to fork.	0
Abstract2class: Geographic distance and pH drive bacterial distribution in alkaline lake sediments across Tibetan Plateau Abstract: Continent-scale biogeography has been extensively studied in soils and marine systems, but little is known about biogeographical patterns in non-marine sediments. We used barcode pyrosequencing to quantify the effects of local geochemical properties and geographic distance for bacterial community structure and membership, using sediment samples from 15 lakes on the Tibetan Plateau (4-1670 km apart). Bacterial communities were surprisingly diverse, and distinct from soil communities. Four of 26 phyla detected were dominant: Proteobacteria, Bacteroidetes, Firmicutes and Actinobacteria, albeit 20.2% of sequences were unclassified at the phylum level. As previously observed in acidic soil, pH was the dominant factor influencing alkaline sediment community structure, phylotype richness and phylogenetic diversity. In contrast, archaeal communities were less affected by pH. More geographically distant sites had more dissimilar communities (r=0.443, P=0.030). Variance partitioning analysis showed that geographic distance (historical contingencies) contributed more to bacterial community variation (12.2%) than any other factor, although the environmental factors explained more variance when combined (28.9%). Together, our results show that pH is the best predictor of bacterial community structure in alkaline sediments, and confirm that both geographic distance and chemical factors govern bacterial biogeography in lake sediments.	0
Abstract2class: Functionality and prevalence of trehalose-based oligosaccharides as novel compatible solutes in ascospores of Neosartorya fischeri (Aspergillus fischeri) and other fungi Abstract: Ascospores of Neosartorya, Byssochlamys and Talaromyces can be regarded as the most stress-resistant eukaryotic cells. They can survive exposure at temperatures as high as 85°C for 100 min or more. Neosartorya fischeri ascospores are more viscous and more resistant to the combined stress of heat and desiccation than the ascospores of Talaromyces macrosporus which contain predominantly trehalose. These ascospores contain trehalose-based oligosaccharides (TOS) that are novel compatible solutes, which are accumulated to high levels. These compounds are also found in other members of the genus Neosartorya and in some other genera within the order Eurotiales that also include Byssochlamys and Talaromyces. The presence of oligosaccharides was observed in species that had a relatively high growth temperature. TOS glasses have a higher glass transition temperature (Tg ) than trehalose, and they form a stable glass with crystallizing molecules, such as mannitol. Our data indicate that TOS are important for prolonged stabilization of cells against stress. The possible unique role of these solutes in protection against dry heat conditions is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Nutrient-regulated transcriptional responses in the brown tide-forming alga Aureococcus anophagefferens Abstract: Long-SAGE (serial analysis of gene expression) was used to profile the transcriptome of the brown tide-forming alga, Aureococcus anophagefferens, under nutrient replete (control), and nitrogen (N) and phosphorus (P) deficiency to understand how this organism responds at the transcriptional level to varying nutrient conditions. This approach has aided A. anophagefferens genome annotation efforts and identified a suite of genes upregulated by N and P deficiency, some of which have known roles in nutrient metabolism. Genes upregulated under N deficiency include an ammonium transporter, an acetamidase/formamidase and two peptidases. This suggests an ability to utilize reduced N compounds and dissolved organic nitrogen, supporting the hypothesized importance of these N sources in A. anophagefferens bloom formation. There are also a broad suite of P-regulated genes, including an alkaline phosphatase, and two 5'-nucleotidases, suggesting A. anophagefferens may use dissolved organic phosphorus under low phosphate conditions. These N- and P-regulated genes may be important targets for exploring nutrient controls on bloom formation in field populations.	0
Abstract2class: Polyamines are required for the expression of key Hms proteins important for Yersinia pestis biofilm formation Abstract: We previously showed that mutations in the genes encoding the two main biosynthetic enzymes responsible for polyamine production, arginine decarboxylase (SpeA) and ornithine decarboxylase (SpeC) cause a loss of biofilm formation in Yersinia pestis. In Y. pestis the development of a biofilm is dependent on 6 Hms (hemin storage) proteins (HmsH, F, R, S, T and P) grouped into 3 operons; hmsHFRS, hmsT and hmsP. In this article we show that polyamines are necessary to maintain the levels of key Hms proteins. In the absence of polyamines there is an approximately 93%, approximately 43% and approximately 90% reduction in protein levels of HmsR, HmsS and HmsT respectively. Overexpression of hmsR and hmsT from plasmids alone can restore biofilm formation to a SpeA(-)SpeC(-) mutant. Addition of exogenous putrescine also restores normal levels of HmsR, HmsS, HmsT and biofilm production. Analyses using transcriptional reporters and quantitative RT-PCR indicate that the initiation of transcription and mRNA stability are not reduced by polyamine deficiency. Instead, translational reporters indicate that polyamines function at least in part by modulating the translation of HmsR and HmsT. Although construction of a consensus Shine-Dalgarno sequence upstream of hmsT modestly reduced the stimulation of translation by putrescine, additional mechanisms likely contribute to the polyamine-dependent expression of HmsT. Finally, we have shown that polyamines play a role in bubonic plague.	0
Abstract2class: Insights on Escherichia coli biofilm formation and inhibition from whole-transcriptome profiling Abstract: Biofilms transform independent cells into specialized cell communities. Here are presented some insights into biofilm formation ascertained with the best-characterized strain, Escherichia coli. Investigations of biofilm formation and inhibition with this strain using whole-transcriptome profiling coupled to phenotypic assays, in vivo DNA binding studies and isogenic mutants have led to discoveries related to the role of stress, to the role of intra- and interspecies cell signalling, to the impact of the environment on cell signalling, to biofilm inhibition by manipulating cell signalling, to the role of toxin/antitoxin genes in biofilm formation, and to the role of small RNAs on biofilm formation and dispersal. Hence, E. coli is an excellent resource for determining paradigms in biofilm formation and biofilm inhibition.	0
Abstract2class: Low-diversity bacterial community in the gut of the fruitfly Drosophila melanogaster Abstract: The bacteria in the fruitfly Drosophila melanogaster of different life stages was quantified by 454 pyrosequencing of 16S rRNA gene amplicons. The sequence reads were dominated by 5 operational taxonomic units (OTUs) at ≤ 97% sequence identity that could be assigned to Acetobacter pomorum, A. tropicalis, Lactobacillus brevis, L. fructivorans and L. plantarum. The saturated rarefaction curves and species richness indices indicated that the sampling (85,000-159,000 reads per sample) was comprehensive. Parallel diagnostic PCR assays revealed only minor variation in the complement of the five bacterial species across individual insects and three D. melanogaster strains. Other gut-associated bacteria included 6 OTUs with low %ID to previously reported sequences, raising the possibility that they represent novel taxa within the genera Acetobacter and Lactobacillus. A developmental change in the most abundant species, from L. fructivorans in young adults to A. pomorum in aged adults was identified; changes in gut oxygen tension or immune system function might account for this effect. Host immune responses and disturbance may also contribute to the low bacterial diversity in the Drosophila gut habitat.	0
Abstract2class: Polyphyly of non-bioluminescent Vibrio fischeri sharing a lux-locus deletion Abstract: This study reports the first description and molecular characterization of naturally occurring, non-bioluminescent strains of Vibrio fischeri. These 'dark' V. fischeri strains remained non-bioluminescent even after treatment with both autoinducer and aldehyde, substrate additions that typically maximize light production in dim strains of luminous bacteria. Surprisingly, the entire lux locus (eight genes) was absent in over 97% of these dark V. fischeri strains. Although these strains were all collected from a Massachusetts (USA) estuary in 2007, phylogenetic reconstructions allowed us to reject the hypothesis that these newly described non-bioluminescent strains exhibit monophyly within the V. fischeri clade. These dark strains exhibited a competitive disadvantage against native bioluminescent strains when colonizing the light organ of the model V. fischeri host, the Hawaiian bobtail squid Euprymna scolopes. Significantly, we believe that the data collected in this study may suggest the first observation of a functional, parallel locus-deletion event among independent lineages of a non-pathogenic bacterial species.	0
Abstract2class: Limits of life in hostile environments: no barriers to biosphere function? Abstract: Environments that are hostile to life are characterized by reduced microbial activity which results in poor soil- and plant-health, low biomass and biodiversity, and feeble ecosystem development. Whereas the functional biosphere may primarily be constrained by water activity (a(w)) the mechanism(s) by which this occurs have not been fully elucidated. Remarkably we found that, for diverse species of xerophilic fungi at a(w) values of <or= 0.72, water activity per se did not limit cellular function. We provide evidence that chaotropic activity determined their biotic window, and obtained mycelial growth at water activities as low as 0.647 (below that recorded for any microbial species) by addition of compounds that reduced the net chaotropicity. Unexpectedly we found that some fungi grew optimally under chaotropic conditions, providing evidence for a previously uncharacterized class of extremophilic microbes. Further studies to elucidate the way in which solute activities interact to determine the limits of life may lead to enhanced biotechnological processes, and increased productivity of agricultural and natural ecosystems in arid and semiarid regions.	0
Abstract2class: Community dynamics and functional characteristics of naphthalene-degrading populations in contaminated surface sediments and hypoxic/anoxic groundwater Abstract: Earlier research on the biogeochemical factors affecting natural attenuation in coal-tar contaminated groundwater, at South Glens Falls, NY, revealed the importance of anaerobic metabolism and trophic interactions between degrader and bacterivore populations. Field-based characterizations of both phenomena have proven challenging, but advances in stable isotope probing (SIP), single-cell imaging and shotgun metagenomics now provide cultivation-independent tools for their study. We tracked carbon from 13 C-labelled naphthalene through microbial populations in contaminated surface sediments over 6 days using respiration assays, secondary ion mass spectrometry imaging and shotgun metagenomics to disentangle the contaminant-based trophic web. Contaminant-exposed communities in hypoxic/anoxic groundwater were contrasted with those from oxic surface sediments to identify putative features of anaerobic catabolism of naphthalene. In total, six bacteria were responsible for naphthalene degradation. Cupriavidus, Ralstonia and Sphingomonas predominated at the earliest stages of SIP incubations and were succeeded in later stages by Stenotrophomonas and Rhodococcus. Metagenome-assembled genomes provided evidence for the ecological and functional characteristics underlying these temporal shifts. Identical species of Stenotrophomonas and Rhodococcus were abundant in the most contaminated, anoxic groundwater. Apparent increases in bacterivorous protozoa were observed following exposure to naphthalene, though insignificant amounts of carbon were transferred between bacterial degraders and populations of secondary feeders.	0
Abstract2class: Rare but active taxa contribute to community dynamics of benthic biofilms in glacier-fed streams Abstract: Glaciers harbour diverse microorganisms, which upon ice melt can be released downstream. In glacier-fed streams microorganisms can attach to stones or sediments to form benthic biofilms. We used 454-pyrosequencing to explore the bulk (16S rDNA) and putatively active (16S rRNA) microbial communities of stone and sediment biofilms across 26 glacier-fed streams. We found differences in community composition between bulk and active communities among streams and a stronger congruence between biofilm types. Relative abundances of rRNA and rDNA were positively correlated across different taxa and taxonomic levels, but at lower taxonomic levels, the higher abundance in either the active or the bulk communities became more apparent. Here, environmental variables played a minor role in structuring active communities. However, we found a large number of rare taxa with higher relative abundances in rRNA compared with rDNA. This suggests that rare taxa contribute disproportionately to microbial community dynamics in glacier-fed streams. Our findings propose that high community turnover, where taxa repeatedly enter and leave the 'seed bank', contributes to the maintenance of microbial biodiversity in harsh ecosystems with continuous environmental perturbations, such as glacier-fed streams.	0
Abstract2class: Microscale sulfur cycling in the phototrophic pink berry consortia of the Sippewissett Salt Marsh Abstract: Microbial metabolism is the engine that drives global biogeochemical cycles, yet many key transformations are carried out by microbial consortia over short spatiotemporal scales that elude detection by traditional analytical approaches. We investigate syntrophic sulfur cycling in the 'pink berry' consortia of the Sippewissett Salt Marsh through an integrative study at the microbial scale. The pink berries are macroscopic, photosynthetic microbial aggregates composed primarily of two closely associated species: sulfide-oxidizing purple sulfur bacteria (PB-PSB1) and sulfate-reducing bacteria (PB-SRB1). Using metagenomic sequencing and (34) S-enriched sulfate stable isotope probing coupled with nanoSIMS, we demonstrate interspecies transfer of reduced sulfur metabolites from PB-SRB1 to PB-PSB1. The pink berries catalyse net sulfide oxidation and maintain internal sulfide concentrations of 0-500 μm. Sulfide within the berries, captured on silver wires and analysed using secondary ion mass spectrometer, increased in abundance towards the berry interior, while δ(34) S-sulfide decreased from 6‰ to -31‰ from the exterior to interior of the berry. These values correspond to sulfate-sulfide isotopic fractionations (15-53‰) consistent with either sulfate reduction or a mixture of reductive and oxidative metabolisms. Together this combined metagenomic and high-resolution isotopic analysis demonstrates active sulfur cycling at the microscale within well-structured macroscopic consortia consisting of sulfide-oxidizing anoxygenic phototrophs and sulfate-reducing bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Microbial community assembly differs across minerals in a rhizosphere microcosm Abstract: Mineral-associated microbes drive many critical soil processes, including mineral weathering, soil aggregation and cycling of mineral-sorbed organic matter. To investigate the interactions between soil minerals and microbes in the rhizosphere, we incubated three types of minerals (ferrihydrite, kaolinite and quartz) and a native soil mineral fraction near roots of a common Californian annual grass, Avena barbata, growing in its resident soil. We followed microbial colonization of these minerals for up to 2.5 months - the plant's lifespan. Bacteria and fungi that colonized mineral surfaces during this experiment differed across mineral types and differed from those in the background soil, implying that microbial colonization was the result of processes in addition to passive movement with water to mineral surfaces. Null model analysis revealed that dispersal limitation was a dominant factor structuring mineral-associated microbial communities for all mineral types. Once bacteria arrived at a mineral surface, capacity for rapid growth appeared important, as ribosomal copy number was significantly correlated with relative enrichment on minerals. Glomeromycota (a phylum associated with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi) appeared to preferentially associate with ferrihydrite surfaces. The mechanisms enabling the colonization of soil minerals may be foundational in shaping the overall soil microbiome composition and development of persistent organic matter in soils.	0
Abstract2class: Halorhabdus tiamatea: proteogenomics and glycosidase activity measurements identify the first cultivated euryarchaeon from a deep-sea anoxic brine lake as potential polysaccharide degrader Abstract: Euryarchaea from the genus Halorhabdus have been found in hypersaline habitats worldwide, yet are represented by only two isolates: Halorhabdus utahensis AX-2(T) from the shallow Great Salt Lake of Utah, and Halorhabdus tiamatea SARL4B(T) from the Shaban deep-sea hypersaline anoxic lake (DHAL) in the Red Sea. We sequenced the H. tiamatea genome to elucidate its niche adaptations. Among sequenced archaea, H. tiamatea features the highest number of glycoside hydrolases, the majority of which were expressed in proteome experiments. Annotations and glycosidase activity measurements suggested an adaptation towards recalcitrant algal and plant-derived hemicelluloses. Glycosidase activities were higher at 2% than at 0% or 5% oxygen, supporting a preference for low-oxygen conditions. Likewise, proteomics indicated quinone-mediated electron transport at 2% oxygen, but a notable stress response at 5% oxygen. Halorhabdus tiamatea furthermore encodes proteins characteristic for thermophiles and light-dependent enzymes (e.g. bacteriorhodopsin), suggesting that H. tiamatea evolution was mostly not governed by a cold, dark, anoxic deep-sea habitat. Using enrichment and metagenomics, we could demonstrate presence of similar glycoside hydrolase-rich Halorhabdus members in the Mediterranean DHAL Medee, which supports that Halorhabdus species can occupy a distinct niche as polysaccharide degraders in hypersaline environments.	0
Abstract2class: NrsZ: a novel, processed, nitrogen-dependent, small non-coding RNA that regulates Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 virulence Abstract: The opportunistic pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1 has a remarkable capacity to adapt to various environments and to survive with limited nutrients. Here, we report the discovery and characterization of a novel small non-coding RNA: NrsZ (nitrogen-regulated sRNA). We show that under nitrogen limitation, NrsZ is induced by the NtrB/C two component system, an important regulator of nitrogen assimilation and P. aeruginosa's swarming motility, in concert with the alternative sigma factor RpoN. Furthermore, we demonstrate that NrsZ modulates P. aeruginosa motility by controlling the production of rhamnolipid surfactants, virulence factors notably needed for swarming motility. This regulation takes place through the post-transcriptional control of rhlA, a gene essential for rhamnolipids synthesis. Interestingly, we also observed that NrsZ is processed in three similar short modules, and that the first short module encompassing the first 60 nucleotides is sufficient for NrsZ regulatory functions.	0
Abstract2class: Deep sequencing reveals exceptional diversity and modes of transmission for bacterial sponge symbionts Abstract: Marine sponges contain complex bacterial communities of considerable ecological and biotechnological importance, with many of these organisms postulated to be specific to sponge hosts. Testing this hypothesis in light of the recent discovery of the rare microbial biosphere, we investigated three Australian sponges by massively parallel 16S rRNA gene tag pyrosequencing. Here we show bacterial diversity that is unparalleled in an invertebrate host, with more than 250,000 sponge-derived sequence tags being assigned to 23 bacterial phyla and revealing up to 2996 operational taxonomic units (95% sequence similarity) per sponge species. Of the 33 previously described 'sponge-specific' clusters that were detected in this study, 48% were found exclusively in adults and larvae - implying vertical transmission of these groups. The remaining taxa, including 'Poribacteria', were also found at very low abundance among the 135,000 tags retrieved from surrounding seawater. Thus, members of the rare seawater biosphere may serve as seed organisms for widely occurring symbiont populations in sponges and their host association might have evolved much more recently than previously thought.	0
Abstract2class: Improvement of thermotolerance in Lachancea thermotolerans using a bacterial selection pressure Abstract: The use of thermotolerant yeast strains is an important attribute for a cost-effective high temperature biofermentation processes. However, the availability of thermotolerant yeast strains remains a major challenge. Isolation of temperature resistant strains from extreme environments or the improvements of current strains are two major strategies known to date. We hypothesised that bacteria are potential "hurdles" in the life cycle of yeasts, which could influence the evolution of extreme phenotypes, such as thermotolerance. We subjected a wild-type yeast, Lachancea thermotolerans to six species of bacteria sequentially for several generations. After coevolution, we observed that three replicate lines of yeasts grown in the presence of bacteria grew up to 37 °C whereas the controls run in parallel without bacteria could only grow poorly at 35 °C retaining the ancestral mesophilic trait. In addition to improvement of thermotolerance, our results show that the fermentative ability was also elevated, making the strains more ideal for the alcoholic fermentation process because the overall productivity and ethanol titers per unit volume of substrate consumed during the fermentation process was increased. Our unique method is attractive for the development of thermotolerant strains or to augment the available strain development approaches for high temperature industrial biofermentation.	0
Abstract2class: Genomic and transcriptomic comparison of Aspergillus oryzae strains: a case study in soy sauce koji fermentation Abstract: The filamentous fungus Aspergillus oryzae is used in soy sauce koji making due to its high productivity of hydrolytic enzymes. In this study, we compared the genomes and transcriptomes of an industrial strain RD2 and a strain with decreased fermentation performance TS2, aiming to explain their phenotypic differences at the molecular level. Under the regulation of conidiation and fermentation conditions, the enhanced hydrolytic enzyme production and flavor precursor formation in RD2 described a complete expression profile necessary to maintain desirable fermentation performance. By contrast, central carbon metabolism was up-regulated in TS2 for fast growth, suggesting a conflicting relationship between mycelium growth and fermentation performance. Accumulation of mutations also lowered the fermentation performance of TS2. Our study has deepened the understanding of the metabolism and related regulatory mechanisms in desirable koji fermentation. A list of potential molecular markers identified here could facilitate targeted strain maintenance and improvement for better koji fermentation.	0
Abstract2class: Disruption of the Trichoderma reesei gul1 gene stimulates hyphal branching and reduces broth viscosity in cellulase production Abstract: Hyphal morphology is considered to have a close relationship with the production level of secreted proteins by filamentous fungi. In this study, the gul1 gene, which encodes a putative mRNA-binding protein, was disrupted in cellulase-producing fungus Trichoderma reesei. The hyphae of Δgul1 strain produced more lateral branches than the parent strain. Under the condition for cellulase production, disruption of gul1 resulted in smaller mycelial clumps and significantly lower viscosity of fermentation broth. In addition, cellulase production was improved by 22% relative to the parent strain. Transcriptome analysis revealed that a set of genes encoding cell wall remodeling enzymes as well as hydrophobins were differentially expressed in the Δgul1 strain. The results suggest that the regulatory role of gul1 in cell morphogenesis is likely conserved in filamentous fungi. To our knowledge, this is the first report on the engineering of gul1 in an industrially important fungus.	0
Abstract2class: Influence of nitrogen sources on the tolerance of Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus to heat stress and oxidative stress Abstract: It has been found that 32 genes related to nitrogen source metabolism in Lacticaseibacillus rhamnosus are downregulated under both heat stress and oxidative stress. In this study, the influence of different nitrogen sources within the growth medium on the tolerance of L. rhamnosus to heat stress and oxidative stress was investigated. Tryptone-free MRS was found to enhance the tolerance of L. rhamnosus hsryfm 1301 to heat stress and oxidative stress during the whole growth period, and this result was universal for all L. rhamnosus species analyzed. The strongest strengthening effect occurred when the OD600 value reached 2.0, at which the survival rates under heat stress and oxidative stress increased 130-fold and 40-fold, respectively. After supplementing phenylalanine, isoleucine, glutamate, valine, histidine, or tryptophan into the tryptone-free MRS, the tolerance of L. rhamnosus to heat stress and oxidative stress exhibited a sharp drop. The spray drying survival rate of L. rhamnosus hsryfm 1301 cultured in the tryptone-free MRS rose to 75% (from 30%), and the spray dried powder also performed better in the experimentally simulated gastrointestinal digestion. These results showed that decreasing the intake of amino acids is an important mechanism for L. rhamnosus to tolerate heat stress and oxidative stress. When L. rhamnosus is cultured for spray drying, the concentration of the nitrogen source's components should be an important consideration.	0
Abstract2class: Directed evolution of alditol oxidase for the production of optically pure D-glycerate from glycerol in the engineered Escherichia coli Abstract: D-glycerate is an attractive chemical for a wide variety of pharmaceutical, cosmetic, biodegradable polymers, and other applications. Now several studies have been reported about the synthesis of glycerate by different biotechnological and chemical routes from glycerol or other feedstock. Here, we present the construction of an Escherichia coli engineered strain to produce optically pure D-glycerate by oxidizing glycerol with an evolved variant of alditol oxidase (AldO) from Streptomyces coelicolor. This is achieved by starting from a previously reported variant mAldO and employing three rounds of directed evolution, as well as the combination of growth-coupled high throughput selection with colorimetric screening. The variant eAldO3-24 displays a higher substrate affinity toward glycerol with 5.23-fold than the wild-type AldO, and a 1.85-fold increase of catalytic efficiency (kcat/KM). Then we introduced an isopropyl-β-D-thiogalactopyranoside (IPTG)-inducible T7 expression system in E. coli to overexpress the variant eAldO3-24, and deleted glucosylglycerate phosphorylase encoding gene ycjM to block the consumption of D-glycerate. Finally, the resulting strain TZ-170 produced 30.1 g/l D-glycerate at 70 h with a yield of 0.376 mol/mol in 5-l fed-batch fermentation.	0
Abstract2class: Effective approaches to discover new microbial metabolites in a large strain library Abstract: Natural products have provided many molecules to treat and prevent illnesses in humans, animals and plants. While only a small fraction of the existing microbial diversity has been explored for bioactive metabolites, tens of thousands of molecules have been reported in the literature over the past 80 years. Thus, the main challenge in microbial metabolite screening is to avoid the re-discovery of known metabolites in a cost-effective manner. In this perspective, we report and discuss different approaches used in our laboratory over the past few years, ranging from bioactivity-based screening to looking for metabolic rarity in different datasets to deeply investigating a single Streptomyces strain. Our results show that it is possible to find novel chemistry through a limited screening effort, provided that appropriate selection criteria are in place.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial community shift for monitoring the co-composting of oil palm empty fruit bunch and palm oil mill effluent anaerobic sludge Abstract: A recently developed rapid co-composting of oil palm empty fruit bunch (OPEFB) and palm oil mill effluent (POME) anaerobic sludge is beginning to attract attention from the palm oil industry in managing the disposal of these wastes. However, a deeper understanding of microbial diversity is required for the sustainable practice of the co-compositing process. In this study, an in-depth assessment of bacterial community succession at different stages of the pilot scale co-composting of OPEFB-POME anaerobic sludge was performed using 454-pyrosequencing, which was then correlated with the changes of physicochemical properties including temperature, oxygen level and moisture content. Approximately 58,122 of 16S rRNA gene amplicons with more than 500 operational taxonomy units (OTUs) were obtained. Alpha diversity and principal component analysis (PCoA) indicated that bacterial diversity and distributions were most influenced by the physicochemical properties of the co-composting stages, which showed remarkable shifts of dominant species throughout the process. Species related to Devosia yakushimensis and Desemzia incerta are shown to emerge as dominant bacteria in the thermophilic stage, while Planococcus rifietoensis correlated best with the later stage of co-composting. This study proved the bacterial community shifts in the co-composting stages corresponded with the changes of the physicochemical properties, and may, therefore, be useful in monitoring the progress of co-composting and compost maturity.	0
Abstract2class: Ultrahigh-throughput screening of industrial enzyme-producing strains by droplet-based microfluidic system Abstract: Droplet-based microfluidics has emerged as a powerful tool for single-cell screening with ultrahigh throughput, but its widespread application remains limited by the accessibility of a droplet microfluidic high-throughput screening (HTS) platform, especially to common laboratories having no background in microfluidics. Here, we first developed a microfluidic HTS platform based on fluorescence-activated droplet sorting technology. This platform allowed (i) encapsulation of single cells in monodisperse water-in-oil droplets; (ii) cell growth and protein production in droplets; and (iii) sorting of droplets based on their fluorescence intensities. To validate the platform, a model selection experiment of a binary mixture of Bacillus strains was performed, and a 45.6-fold enrichment was achieved at a sorting rate of 300 droplets per second. Furthermore, we used the platform for the selection of higher α-amylase-producing Bacillus licheniformis strains from a mutant library generated by atmospheric and room temperature plasma mutagenesis, and clones displaying over 50% improvement in α-amylase productivity were isolated. This droplet screening system could be applied to the engineering of other industrially valuable strains.	0
Abstract2class: Functional genomics analysis of free fatty acid production under continuous phosphate limiting conditions Abstract: Free fatty acids (FFA) are an attractive platform chemical that serves as a functional intermediate in metabolic pathways for producing oleochemicals. Many groups have established strains of Escherichia coli capable of producing various chain-length mixtures of FFA by heterologous expression of acyl-ACP thioesterases. For example, high levels of dodecanoic acid are produced by an E. coli strain expressing the Umbellularia californica FatB2 thioesterase, BTE. Prior studies achieved high dodecanoic acid yields and productivities under phosphate-limiting media conditions. In an effort to understand the metabolic and physiological changes that led to increased FFA production, the transcriptome of this strain was assessed as a function of nutrient limitation and growth rate. FFA generation under phosphate limitation led to consistent changes in transporter expression, osmoregulation, and central metabolism. Guided by these results, targeted knockouts led to a further ~11 % in yield in FFA.	0
Abstract2class: Production of D-lactic acid containing polyhydroxyalkanoate polymers in yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: Polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHAs) provide biodegradable and bio-based alternatives to conventional plastics. Incorporation of 2-hydroxy acid monomers into polymer, in addition to 3-hydroxy acids, offers possibility to tailor the polymer properties. In this study, poly(D-lactic acid) (PDLA) and copolymer P(LA-3HB) were produced and characterized for the first time in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Expression of engineered PHA synthase PhaC1437Ps6-19, propionyl-CoA transferase Pct540Cp, acetyl-CoA acetyltransferase PhaA, and acetoacetyl-CoA reductase PhaB1 resulted in accumulation of 3.6% P(LA-3HB) and expression of engineered enzymes PhaC1Pre and PctMe resulted in accumulation of 0.73% PDLA of the cell dry weight (CDW). According to NMR, P(LA-3HB) contained D-lactic acid repeating sequences. For reference, expression of PhaA, PhaB1, and PHA synthase PhaC1 resulted in accumulation 11% poly(hydroxybutyrate) (PHB) of the CDW. Weight average molecular weights of these polymers were comparable to similar polymers produced by bacterial strains, 24.6, 6.3, and 1 130 kDa for P(LA-3HB), PDLA, and PHB, respectively. The results suggest that yeast, as a robust and acid tolerant industrial production organism, could be suitable for production of 2-hydroxy acid containing PHAs from sugars or from 2-hydroxy acid containing raw materials. Moreover, the wide substrate specificity of PHA synthase enzymes employed increases the possibilities for modifying copolymer properties in yeast in the future.	0
Abstract2class: Activation modes in biocatalytic radical cyclization reactions Abstract: Radical cyclizations are essential reactions in the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites and the chemical synthesis of societally valuable molecules. In this review, we highlight the general mechanisms utilized in biocatalytic radical cyclizations. We specifically highlight cytochrome P450 monooxygenases (P450s) involved in the biosynthesis of mycocyclosin and vancomycin, nonheme iron- and α-ketoglutarate-dependent dioxygenases (Fe/αKGDs) used in the biosynthesis of kainic acid, scopolamine, and isopenicillin N, and radical S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) enzymes that facilitate the biosynthesis of oxetanocin A, menaquinone, and F420. Beyond natural mechanisms, we also examine repurposed flavin-dependent "ene"-reductases (ERED) for non-natural radical cyclization. Overall, these general mechanisms underscore the opportunity for enzymes to augment and enhance the synthesis of complex molecules using radical mechanisms.	0
Abstract2class: Fine-tuning the regulation of Cas9 expression levels for efficient CRISPR-Cas9 mediated recombination in Streptomyces Abstract: CRISPR-Cas9 has proven as a very powerful gene editing tool for Actinomyces, allowing scarless and precise genome editing in selected strains of these biotechnologically relevant microorganisms. However, its general application in actinomycetes has been limited due to its inefficacy when applying the system in an untested strain. Here, we provide evidence of how Cas9 levels are toxic for the model actinomycetes Streptomyces coelicolor M145 and Streptomyces lividans TK24, which show delayed or absence of growth. We overcame this toxicity by lowering Cas9 levels and have generated a set of plasmids in which Cas9 expression is either controlled by theophylline-inducible or constitutive promoters. We validated the targeting of these CRISPR-Cas9 system using the glycerol uptake operon and the actinorhodin biosynthesis gene cluster. Our results highlight the importance of adjusting Cas9 expression levels specifically in strains to gain optimum and efficient gene editing in Actinomyces.	0
Abstract2class: Enhanced extracellular α-amylase production in Brevibacillus choshinensis by optimizing extracellular degradation and folding environment Abstract: A strategy for optimizing the extracellular degradation and folding environment of Brevibacillus choshinensis has been used to enhance the extracellular production of recombinant α-amylase. First, a gene (bcp) encoding an extracellular protease and another encoding an extracellular chaperone (prsC) were identified in the genome of B. choshinensis HPD31-SP3. Then, the effect of extracellular protein degradation on recombinant α-amylase production was investigated by establishing a CRISPR/Cas9n system to knock out bcp. The effect of extracellular folding capacity was investigated separately by coexpressing extracellular chaperones genes from different sources (prsA, prsC, prsL, prsQ) in B. choshinensis. The final recombinant strain (BCPPSQ), which coexpressed prsQ in a genetic background lacking bcp, produced an extracellular α-amylase activity of 6940.9 U/ml during shake-flask cultivation. This was 2.1-fold greater than that of the original strain BCWPS (3367.9 U/ml). Cultivation of BCPPSQ in a 3-l fermenter produced an extracellular α-amylase activity of 17925.6 U/ml at 72 h, which was 7.6-fold greater than that of BCWPS (2358.1 U/ml). This strategy demonstrates its great potential in enhancing extracellular α-amylase production in B. choshinensis. What's more, this study provides a strategic reference for improving the extracellular production of other recombinant proteins in B. choshinensis.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient extracellular production of recombinant proteins in E. coli via enhancing expression of dacA on the genome Abstract: D, D-carboxypeptidase DacA plays an important role in the synthesis and stabilization of Escherichia coli cell wall peptidoglycan. The production level of extracellular recombinant proteins in E. coli can be enhanced by high D, D-carboxypeptidase activity. Construction of expression systems under optimal promoters is one of the main strategies to realize high protein production in E. coli. In this study, the promoter PdacA-3 from DacA on the genome of E. coli BL21 (DE3) was verified to be efficient for recombinant green fluorescent protein using the plasmid mutant pET28a-PdacA with PdacA-3. Meanwhile, the promoter PdacA-3 was engineered to increase the production level of proteins via inserting one or two Shine-Dalgarno (SD) sequences between the promoter PdacA-3 and the target genes. The expression level of dacA on the genome was increased by the improved transcription of the engineered promoters (especially after inserting one additional SD sequence). The engineered promoters increased cell membrane permeabilities to significantly enhance the secretion production of extracellular recombinant proteins in E. coli. Among them, the extracellular recombinant amylase activities in E. coli BL21::1SD-pET28a-amyK and E. coli BL21::2SD-pET28a-amyK were increased by 2.0- and 1.6-fold that of the control (E. coli BL21-pET28a-amyK), respectively. Promoter engineering also affected the morphology and growth of the E. coli mutants. It was indicated that the engineered promoters enhanced the expression of dacA on the genome to disturb the synthesis and structural stability of cell wall peptidoglycans.	0
Abstract2class: Yeast as a promising heterologous host for steroid bioproduction Abstract: With the rapid development of synthetic biology and metabolic engineering technologies, yeast has been generally considered as promising hosts for the bioproduction of secondary metabolites. Sterols are essential components of cell membrane, and are the precursors for the biosynthesis of steroid hormones, signaling molecules, and defense molecules in the higher eukaryotes, which are of pharmaceutical and agricultural significance. In this mini-review, we summarize the recent engineering efforts of using yeast to synthesize various steroids, and discuss the structural diversity that the current steroid-producing yeast can achieve, the challenge and the potential of using yeast as the bioproduction platform of various steroids from higher eukaryotes.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering Thermotoga maritima β-glucosidase for improved alkyl glycosides synthesis by site-directed mutagenesis Abstract: Alkyl glycosides are well-characterized nonionic surfactants, and can be prepared by transglycosylation reactions with retaining GH1 glycosidases being normally used for this purpose. The produced alkyl glycosides can also be hydrolyzed by the glycosidase, and hence, the yields of alkyl glycosides can be too low for industrial use. To improve the transglycosylation-to-hydrolysis ratio for a β-glucosidase from Thermotoga maritima (TmBglA) for the synthesis of alkyl glycoside, six mutants (N222F, N223C, N223Q, G224A, Y295F, and F414S) were produced. N222F, N223C, N223Q, G224A improved catalytic activity, F295Y and F414S are hydrolytically crippled with p-nitrophenol-β-d-glucopyranoside (pNPG) as substrate with an 85 and 70-fold decrease in apparent kcat, respectively; N222F shows the highest kcat/km value for pNPG. The substrate selectivity altered from pNPG to pNP-β-d-fucoside for N222F, F295Y, and F414S and from cellubiose to gentiobiose for N222F and F414S. Using pNPG (34 mM) and hexanol 80% (vol/vol), N222F, Y295F, and F414S synthesized hexyl-β-glycoside (HG) yields of 84.7%, 50.9%, and 54.1%, respectively, HG increased from 14.49 (TmBglA) to 22.8 mM (N222F) at 2 hr by 57.42%. However, this higher transglycosylation effect depended on that three mutants creates an environment more suited for hexanol in the active site pocket, and consequently suppressed its HG hydrolysis.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic evidence for the requirements of antroquinonol biosynthesis by Antrodia camphorata during liquid-state fermentation Abstract: The solid-state fermentation of Antrodia camphorata could produce a variety of ubiquinone compounds, such as antroquinonol (AQ). However, AQ is hardly synthesized during liquid-state fermentation (LSF). To investigates the mechanism of AQ synthesis, three precursors (ubiquinone 0 UQ0, farnesol and farnesyl diphosphate FPP) were added in LSF. The results showed that UQ0 successfully induced AQ production; however, farnesol and FPP could not induce AQ synthesis. The precursor that restricts the synthesis of AQ is the quinone ring, not the isoprene side chain. Then, the Agrobacterium-mediated transformation system of A. camphorata was established and the genes for quinone ring modification (coq2-6) and isoprene synthesis (HMGR, fps) were overexpressed. The results showed that overexpression of genes for isoprene side chain synthesis could not increase the yield of AQ, but overexpression of coq2 and coq5 could significantly increase AQ production. This is consistent with the results of the experiment of precursors. It indicated that the A. camphorata lack the ability to modify the quinone ring of AQ during LSF. Of the modification steps, prenylation of UQ0 is the key step of AQ biosynthesis. The result will help us to understand the genetic evidence for the requirements of AQ biosynthesis in A. camphorata.	0
Abstract2class: Structure and biosynthesis of deoxy-polyamine in Xenorhabdus bovienii Abstract: Polyamine moieties have been described as part of the fabclavine and zeamine family of natural products. While the corresponding biosynthetic gene clusters have been found in many different proteobacteria, a unique BGC was identified in the entomopathogenic bacterium Xenorhabdus bovienii. Mass spectrometric analysis of a X. bovienii mutant strain revealed a new deoxy-polyamine. The corresponding biosynthesis includes two additional reductive steps, initiated by an additional dehydratase (DH) domain, which was not found in any other Xenorhabdus strain. Moreover, this DH domain could be successfully integrated into homologous biosynthesis pathways, leading to the formation of other deoxy-polyamines. Additional heterologous production experiments revealed that the DH domain could act in cis as well as in trans.	0
Abstract2class: Bottom-up approaches in synthetic biology and biomaterials for tissue engineering applications Abstract: Synthetic biologists use engineering principles to design and construct genetic circuits for programming cells with novel functions. A bottom-up approach is commonly used to design and construct genetic circuits by piecing together functional modules that are capable of reprogramming cells with novel behavior. While genetic circuits control cell operations through the tight regulation of gene expression, a diverse array of environmental factors within the extracellular space also has a significant impact on cell behavior. This extracellular space offers an addition route for synthetic biologists to apply their engineering principles to program cell-responsive modules within the extracellular space using biomaterials. In this review, we discuss how taking a bottom-up approach to build genetic circuits using DNA modules can be applied to biomaterials for controlling cell behavior from the extracellular milieu. We suggest that, by collectively controlling intrinsic and extrinsic signals in synthetic biology and biomaterials, tissue engineering outcomes can be improved.	0
Abstract2class: You get what you screen for: on the value of fermentation characterization in high-throughput strain improvements in industrial settings Abstract: While design and high-throughput build approaches in biotechnology have increasingly gained attention over the past decade, approaches to test strain performance in high-throughput have received less discussion in the literature. Here, we describe how fermentation characterization can be used to improve the overall efficiency of high-throughput DBTAL (design-build-test-analyze-learn) cycles in an industrial context. Fermentation characterization comprises an in-depth study of strain performance in a bioreactor setting and involves semi-frequent sampling and analytical measurement of substrates, cell densities and viabilities, and (by)products. We describe how fermentation characterization can be used to (1) improve (high-throughput) strain design approaches; (2) enable the development of bench-scale fermentation processes compatible with a wide diversity of strains; and (3) inform the development of high-throughput plate-based strain testing procedures for improved performance at larger scales.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering acetyl-CoA supply and ERG9 repression to enhance mevalonate production in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: Mevalonate is a key precursor in isoprenoid biosynthesis and a promising commodity chemical. Although mevalonate is a native metabolite in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, its production is challenged by the relatively low flux toward acetyl-CoA in this yeast. In this study we explore different approaches to increase acetyl-CoA supply in S. cerevisiae to boost mevalonate production. Stable integration of a feedback-insensitive acetyl-CoA synthetase (Se-acsL641P) from Salmonella enterica and the mevalonate pathway from Enterococcus faecalis results in the production of 1,390 ± 10 mg/l of mevalonate from glucose. While bifid shunt enzymes failed to improve titers in high-producing strains, inhibition of squalene synthase (ERG9) results in a significant enhancement. Finally, increasing coenzyme A (CoA) biosynthesis by overexpression of pantothenate kinase (CAB1) and pantothenate supplementation further increased production to 3,830 ± 120 mg/l. Using strains that combine these strategies in lab-scale bioreactors results in the production of 13.3 ± 0.5 g/l, which is ∼360-fold higher than previously reported mevalonate titers in yeast. This study demonstrates the feasibility of engineering S. cerevisiae for high-level mevalonate production.	0
Abstract2class: Developing elite Neurospora crassa strains for cellulosic ethanol production using fungal breeding Abstract: The demand for renewable and sustainable energy has generated considerable interest in the conversion of cellulosic biomass into liquid fuels such as ethanol using a filamentous fungus. While attempts have been made to study cellulose metabolism through the use of knock-out mutants, there have been no systematic effort to characterize natural variation for cellulose metabolism in ecotypes adapted to different habitats. Here, we characterized natural variation in saccharification of cellulose and fermentation in 73 ecotypes and 89 laboratory strains of the model fungus Neurospora crassa. We observed significant variation in both traits among natural and laboratory generated populations, with some elite strains performing better than the reference strain. In the F1 population N345, 15% of the population outperformed both parents with the top performing strain having 10% improvement in ethanol production. These results suggest that natural alleles can be exploited through fungal breeding for developing elite industrial strains for bioethanol production.	0
Abstract2class: Preclinical pharmacology and toxicology evaluation of an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody produced by perfusion fermentation process Abstract: Anti-cluster of differentiation 52 (CD52) monoclonal antibody (mAb) has been employed in the treatment of chronic lymphoblastic leukemia and multiple sclerosis. Previously we developed a perfusion process to produce the biosimilar mAb named "Mab-TH." A series of quality assessments was conducted in the fields of structural identification, purity analysis, and activity measurement. After these quality researches, this report laid emphasis on preclinical pharmacology and toxicology evaluation. Mab-TH was characterized in biological, pharmacological, and toxicological properties in comparison with the original drug, alemtuzumab. Binding activity and immune-dependent toxicity as in vitro activity were evaluated. Severe immunodeficient mice transplanted with a human leukemia cell line were also used as an in vivo pharmacological model and a 4-week repeated dosing study in cynomolgus monkeys was conducted to evaluate the safety differences. Our results demonstrated that Mab-TH, the anti-CD52 antibody generated by a perfusion process, had high similarity in in vitro and in vivo activities compared with alemtuzumab in relevant preclinical models. The results supported it as a biosimilar candidate for clinical evaluation.	0
Abstract2class: Inorganic phosphate self-sufficient whole-cell biocatalysts containing two co-expressed phosphorylases facilitate cellobiose production Abstract: Cellobiose, a natural disaccharide, attracts extensive attention as a potential functional food/feed additive. In this study, we present an inorganic phosphate (Pi) self-sufficient biotransformation system to produce cellobiose by co-expressing sucrose phosphorylase (SP) and cellobiose phosphorylase (CBP). The Bifidobacterium adolescentis SP (BASP) and Cellvibrio gilvus CBP (CGCBP) were co-expressed in Escherichia coli. Escherichia coli cells containing BASP and CGCBP were used as whole-cell catalysts to convert sucrose and glucose to cellobiose. The effects of reaction pH, temperature, Pi concentration, and substrate concentration were investigated. In the optimum biotransformation conditions, 800 mM cellobiose was produced from 1.0 M sucrose, 1.0 M glucose, and 50 mM Pi, within 12 hr. The by-product fructose and residual substrate (sucrose and glucose) were efficiently removed by treatment with yeast, to help purify the product cellobiose. The wider applicability of this Pi self-sufficiency strategy was demonstrated in the production of laminaribiose by co-expressing SP and laminaribiose phosphorylase. This study suggests that the Pi self-sufficiency strategy through co-expressing two phosphorylases has the advantage of great flexibility for enhanced production of cellobiose (or laminaribiose).	0
Abstract2class: Barriers to genome editing with CRISPR in bacteria Abstract: Genome editing is essential for probing genotype-phenotype relationships and for enhancing chemical production and phenotypic robustness in industrial bacteria. Currently, the most popular tools for genome editing couple recombineering with DNA cleavage by the CRISPR nuclease Cas9 from Streptococcus pyogenes. Although successful in some model strains, CRISPR-based genome editing has been slow to extend to the multitude of industrially relevant bacteria. In this review, we analyze existing barriers to implementing CRISPR-based editing across diverse bacterial species. We first compare the efficacy of current CRISPR-based editing strategies. Next, we discuss alternatives when the S. pyogenes Cas9 does not yield colonies. Finally, we describe different ways bacteria can evade editing and how elucidating these failure modes can improve CRISPR-based genome editing across strains. Together, this review highlights existing obstacles to CRISPR-based editing in bacteria and offers guidelines to help achieve and enhance editing in a wider range of bacterial species, including non-model strains.	0
Abstract2class: Towards continuous industrial bioprocessing with solventogenic and acetogenic clostridia: challenges, progress and perspectives Abstract: The sustainable production of solvents from above ground carbon is highly desired. Several clostridia naturally produce solvents and use a variety of renewable and waste-derived substrates such as lignocellulosic biomass and gas mixtures containing H2/CO2 or CO. To enable economically viable production of solvents and biofuels such as ethanol and butanol, the high productivity of continuous bioprocesses is needed. While the first industrial-scale gas fermentation facility operates continuously, the acetone-butanol-ethanol (ABE) fermentation is traditionally operated in batch mode. This review highlights the benefits of continuous bioprocessing for solvent production and underlines the progress made towards its establishment. Based on metabolic capabilities of solvent producing clostridia, we discuss recent advances in systems-level understanding and genome engineering. On the process side, we focus on innovative fermentation methods and integrated product recovery to overcome the limitations of the classical one-stage chemostat and give an overview of the current industrial bioproduction of solvents.	0
Abstract2class: Professor Arnold L. (Arny) Demain's historical position in the rise of industrial microbiology and biotechnology Abstract: This perspective text focuses on the pivotal role and historical position that the late Prof. Arnold L. (Arny) Demain has taken since the 1950s in the rise and impact of the field of industrial microbiology and biotechnology. His drive toward academic research with industrial potential-first at Merck & Co. and later at MIT-, his feeling for establishing cordial personal contacts with his students and postdocs (Arny's Army) and his ability for worldwide networking are outlined here, intertwined with the author's personal experiences and impressions. His scientific output is legendary as to research papers, comprehensive reviews, books, and lectures at conferences worldwide. Some of his research experiences in industry and academia are mentioned in a historical context as well as his relentless efforts to advocate the importance and impact of industrial microbiology and biotechnology as an essential green technology for our planet Earth.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of the microbiota in long- and short-term natural indigo fermentation Abstract: The duration for which the indigo-reducing state maintenance in indigo natural fermentation in batch dependent. The microbiota was analyzed in two batches of sukumo fermentation fluids that lasted for different durations (Batch 1: less than 2 months; Batch 2: nearly 1 year) to understand the mechanisms underlying the sustainability and deterioration of this natural fermentation process. The transformation of the microbiota suggested that the deterioration of the fermentation fluid is associated with the relative abundance of Alcaligenaceae. Principal coordinates analysis (PCoA) showed that the microbial community maintained a very stable state in only the long-term Batch 2. Therefore, entry of the microbiota into a stable state under alkaline anaerobic condition is an important factor for maintenance of indigo fermentation for long duration. This is the first report on the total transformation of the microbiota for investigation of long-term maintenance mechanisms and to address the problem of deterioration in indigo fermentation.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid screening of cellular stress responses in recombinant Pichia pastoris strains using metabolite profiling Abstract: Heterologous protein production in the yeast Pichia pastoris can be limited by biological responses to high expression levels; the unfolded protein response (UPR) is a key determinant of the success of protein production in this organism. Here, we used untargeted NMR metabolic profiling (metabolomics) of a number of different recombinant strains, carried out in a miniaturized format suitable for screening-level experiments. We identified a number of metabolites (from both cell extracts and supernatants) which correlated well with UPR-relevant gene transcripts, and so could be potential biomarkers for future high-throughput screening of large numbers of P. pastoris clones.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering robust microorganisms for organic acid production Abstract: Organic acids are an important class of compounds that can be produced by microbial conversion of renewable feedstocks and have huge demands and broad applications in food, chemical, and pharmaceutical industries. An economically viable fermentation process for production of organic acids requires robust microbial cell factories with excellent tolerance to low pH conditions, high concentrations of organic acids, and lignocellulosic inhibitors. In this review, we summarize various strategies to engineer robust microorganisms for organic acid production and highlight their applications in a few recent examples.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid evaluation of the substrate specificity of 3-nitrobenzoic acid dioxygenase MnbAB via colorimetric detection using Saltzman reagent Abstract: Nitroaromatic compounds are essential materials for chemical industry, but they are also potentially toxic environmental pollutants. Therefore, their sensitive detection and degradation are important concerns. The microbial degradation pathways of nitroaromatic compounds have been studied in detail, but their usefulness needs to be evaluated to understand their potential applications in bioremediation. Here, we developed a rapid and relatively sensitive assay system to evaluate the activities and substrate specificities of nitroaromatic dioxygenases involved in the oxidative biodegradation of nitroaromatic compounds. In this system, nitrous acid, which was released from the nitroaromatic compounds by the dioxygenases, was detected and quantified using the Saltzman reagent. Escherichia coli producing the 3-nitrobenzoic acid dioxygenase complex MnbAB from Comamonas sp. JS46 clearly showed the apparent substrate specificity of MnbAB as follows. MnbAB accepted not only 3-nitrobenzoic acid but also several other p- and m-nitrobenzoic acid derivatives as substrates, although it much preferred 3-nitrobenzoic acid to others. Furthermore, the presence of a hydroxy or an amino group at the ortho position of the nitro group decreased the activity of MnbAB. In addition, MnbAB accepted 2-(4-nitrophenyl)acetic acid as a substrate, which has one additional methylene group between the aromatic ring and the carboxy group of 3-nitrobenzoic acid. This is the first report about the detailed substrate specificity of MnbAB. Our system can be used for other nitroaromatic dioxygenases and contribute to their characterization.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of acetoacetyl-CoA synthase expression on production of farnesene in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: Efficient production of sesquiterpenes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae requires a high flux through the mevalonate pathway. To achieve this, the supply of acetyl-CoA plays a crucial role, partially because nine moles of acetyl-CoA are necessary to produce one mole of farnesyl diphosphate, but also to overcome the thermodynamic constraint imposed on the first reaction, in which acetoacetyl-CoA is produced from two moles of acetyl-CoA by acetoacetyl-CoA thiolase. Recently, a novel acetoacetyl-CoA synthase (nphT7) has been identified from Streptomyces sp. strain CL190, which catalyzes the irreversible condensation of malonyl-CoA and acetyl-CoA to acetoacetyl-CoA and, therefore, represents a potential target to increase the flux through the mevalonate pathway. This study investigates the effect of acetoacetyl-CoA synthase on growth as well as the production of farnesene and compares different homologs regarding their efficiency. While plasmid-based expression of nphT7 did not improve final farnesene titers, the construction of an alternative pathway, which exclusively relies on the malonyl-CoA bypass, was detrimental for growth and farnesene production. The presented results indicate that the overall functionality of the bypass was limited by the efficiency of acetoacetyl-CoA synthase (nphT7). Besides modulation of the expression level, which could be used as a means to partially restore the phenotype, nphT7 from Streptomyces glaucescens showed clearly higher efficiency compared to Streptomyces sp. strain CL190.	0
Abstract2class: Challenges and opportunities for natural product discovery, production, and engineering in native producers versus heterologous hosts Abstract: Recent advances and emerging technologies for metabolic pathway engineering and synthetic biology have transformed the field of natural product discovery, production, and engineering. Despite these advancements, there remain many challenges in understanding how biosynthetic gene clusters are silenced or activated, including changes in the transcription of key biosynthetic and regulatory genes. This knowledge gap is highlighted by the success and failed attempts of manipulating regulatory genes within biosynthetic gene clusters in both native producers and heterologous hosts. These complexities make the choice of native producers versus heterologous hosts, fermentation medium, and supply of precursors crucial factors in achieving the production of the target natural products and engineering designer analogs. Nature continues to serve as inspiration for filling the knowledge gaps and developing new research strategies. By exploiting the evolutionary power of nature, alternative producers, with the desired genetic amenability and higher titers of the target natural products, and new strains, harboring gene clusters that encode evolutionary optimized congeners of the targeted natural product scaffolds, can be discovered. These newly identified strains can serve as an outstanding biotechnology platform for the engineered production of sufficient quantities of the target natural products and their analogs, enabling biosynthetic studies and potential therapeutic applications. These challenges and opportunities are showcased herein using fredericamycin, iso-migrastatin, platencin and platensimycin, the enediynes of C-1027, tiancimycin, and yangpumicin, and the leinamycin family of natural products.	0
Abstract2class: Reverse β-oxidation pathways for efficient chemical production Abstract: Microbial production of fuels, chemicals, and materials has the potential to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and contribute to a sustainable bioeconomy. While synthetic biology allows readjusting of native metabolic pathways for the synthesis of desired products, often these native pathways do not support maximum efficiency and are affected by complex regulatory mechanisms. A synthetic or engineered pathway that allows modular synthesis of versatile bioproducts with minimal enzyme requirement and regulation while achieving high carbon and energy efficiency could be an alternative solution to address these issues. The reverse β-oxidation (rBOX) pathways enable iterative non-decarboxylative elongation of carbon molecules of varying chain lengths and functional groups with only four core enzymes and no ATP requirement. Here, we describe recent developments in rBOX pathway engineering to produce alcohols and carboxylic acids with diverse functional groups, along with other commercially important molecules such as polyketides. We discuss the application of rBOX beyond the pathway itself by its interfacing with various carbon-utilization pathways and deployment in different organisms, which allows feedstock diversification from sugars to glycerol, carbon dioxide, methane, and other substrates.	0
Abstract2class: CylA is a sequence-specific protease involved in toxin biosynthesis Abstract: CylA is a subtilisin-like protein belonging to a recently expanded serine protease family related to class II lanthipeptide biosynthesis. As a leader peptidase, CylA is responsible for maturation of the enterococcal cytolysin, a lantibiotic important for Enterococcus faecalis virulence. In vitro reconstitution of CylA reveals that it accepts both linear and modified cytolysin peptides with a preference for cyclized peptides. Further characterization indicates that CylA activates itself by removing its N-terminal 95 amino acids. CylA achieves sequence-specific traceless cleavage of non-cognate peptides even if they are post-translationally modified, which makes the peptidase a powerful tool for mining novel lanthipeptides by providing a general strategy for leader peptide removal. Knowledge about the substrate specificity of CylA may also facilitate the development of protease inhibitors targeting cytolysin biosynthesis as a potential therapeutic approach for enterococcal infections.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization and utilization of methyltransferase for apramycin production in Streptoalloteichus tenebrarius Abstract: A structurally unique aminoglycoside produced in Streptoalloteichus tenebrarius, Apramycin is used in veterinary medicine or the treatment of Salmonella, Escherichia coli, and Pasteurella multocida infections. Although apramycin was discovered nearly 50 years ago, many biosynthetic steps of apramycin remain unknown. In this study, we identified a HemK family methyltransferase, AprI, to be the 7'-N-methyltransferase in apramycin biosynthetic pathway. Biochemical experiments showed that AprI converted demethyl-aprosamine to aprosamine. Through gene disruption of aprI, we identified a new aminoglycoside antibiotic demethyl-apramycin as the main product in aprI disruption strain. The demethyl-apramycin is an impurity in apramycin product. In addition to demethyl-apramycin, carbamyltobramycin is another major impurity. However, unlike demethyl-apramycin, tobramycin is biosynthesized by an independent biosynthetic pathway in S. tenebrarius. The titer and rate of apramycin were improved by overexpression of the aprI and disruption of the tobM2, which is a crucial gene for tobramycin biosynthesis. The titer of apramycin increased from 2227 ± 320 mg/L to 2331 ± 210 mg/L, while the titer of product impurity demethyl-apramycin decreased from 196 ± 36 mg/L to 51 ± 9 mg/L. Moreover, the carbamyltobramycin titer of the wild-type strain was 607 ± 111 mg/L and that of the engineering strain was null. The rate of apramycin increased from 68% to 87% and that of demethyl-apramycin decreased from 1.17% to 0.34%.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of metabolism of azo dyes and their effects on Staphylococcus aureus metabolome Abstract: Dyes containing one or more azo linkages are widely applied in cosmetics, tattooing, food and drinks, pharmaceuticals, printing inks, plastics, leather, as well as paper industries. Previously we reported that bacteria living on human skin have the ability to reduce some azo dyes to aromatic amines, which raises potential safety concerns regarding human dermal exposure to azo dyes such as those in tattoo ink and cosmetic colorant formulations. To comprehensively investigate azo dye-induced toxicity by skin bacteria activation, it is very critical to understand the mechanism of metabolism of the azo dyes at the systems biology level. In this study, an LC/MS-based metabolomics approach was employed to globally investigate metabolism of azo dyes by Staphylococcus aureus as well as their effects on the metabolome of the bacterium. Growth of S. aureus in the presence of Sudan III or Orange II was not affected during the incubation period. Metabolomics results showed that Sudan III was metabolized to 4-(phenyldiazenyl) aniline (48%), 1-[(4-aminophenyl) diazenyl]-2-naphthol (4%) and eicosenoic acid Sudan III (0.9%). These findings indicated that the azo bond close to naphthalene group of Sudan III was preferentially cleaved compared with the other azo bond. The metabolite from Orange II was identified as 4-aminobenzene sulfonic acid (35%). A much higher amount of Orange II (~90×) was detected in the cell pellets from the active viable cells compared with those from boiled cells incubated with the same concentration of Orange II. This finding suggests that Orange II was primarily transported into the S. aureus cells for metabolism, instead of the theory that the azo dye metabolism occurs extracellularly. In addition, the metabolomics results showed that Sudan III affected energy pathways of the S. aureus cells, while Orange II had less noticeable effects on the cells. In summary, this study provided novel information regarding azo dye metabolism by the skin bacterium, the effects of azo dyes on the bacterial cells and the important role on the toxicity and/or inactivation of these compounds due to microbial metabolism.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient transposition of Tn4556 by alterations in inverted repeats using a delivery vector carrying a counter-selectable marker for Streptomyces Abstract: A 6625-base pair transposon, Tn4556, was initially isolated from a Streptomyces strain and a sequence analysis was performed; however, its annotation data remain incomplete. At least three positions were identified as frameshift and base-exchange errors by resequencing. The revised sequence revealed that Tn4556 contains four open reading frames that encode transposase, methyltransferase, isoprenyl diphosphate transferase, and resolvase, respectively. Thirty-eight-base pair inverted repeat (IR) sequences at both ends contained a 1-bp mismatch flanked by a target duplication site, and transposition efficiency was improved by the replacement of imperfectly matched IR-L to perfectly matched IR-L. The detection of Tn4556 transposition was markedly facilitated using a delivery vector carrying a strictly counter-selectable marker for Streptomyces strains.	0
Abstract2class: Whole-cell display of Pyrococcus horikoshii glutamate decarboxylase in Escherichia coli for high-titer extracellular gamma-aminobutyric acid production Abstract: We investigated the effect of cell-surface display of glutamate decarboxylase (GadB) on gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) production in recombinant Escherichia coli. We integrated GadB from the hyperthermophilic, anaerobic archaeon Pyrococcus horikoshii to the C-terminus of the E. coli outer membrane protein C (OmpC). After 12 hr of culturing GadB-displaying cells, the GABA concentration in the extracellular medium increased to 3.2 g/l, which is eight times that obtained with cells expressing GadB in the cytosol. To further enhance GABA production, we increased the temperatures of the culture. At 60°C, the obtained GABA concentration was 4.62 g/l after 12 hr of culture, and 5.35 g/l after 24 hr, which corresponds to a yield of 87.7%.	0
Abstract2class: Docking domain-mediated subunit interactions in natural product megasynth(et)ases Abstract: Polyketide synthase (PKS) and non-ribosomal peptide synthetase (NRPS) multienzymes produce numerous high value metabolites. The protein subunits which constitute these megasynth(et)ases must undergo ordered self-assembly to ensure correct organisation of catalytic domains for the biosynthesis of a given natural product. Short amino acid regions at the N- and C-termini of each subunit, termed docking domains (DDs), often occur in complementary pairs, which interact to facilitate substrate transfer and maintain pathway fidelity. This review details all structurally characterised examples of NRPS and PKS DDs to date and summarises efforts to utilise DDs for the engineering of biosynthetic pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Bioindustrial manufacturing readiness levels (BioMRLs) as a shared framework for measuring and communicating the maturity of bioproduct manufacturing processes Abstract: Readiness level (RL) frameworks such as technology readiness levels and manufacturing readiness levels describe the status of a technology/manufacturing process on its journey from initial conception to commercial deployment. More importantly, they provide a roadmap to guide technology development and scale-up from a ''totality of system'' approach. Commercialization risks associated with too narrowly focused R&D efforts are mitigated. RLs are defined abstractly so that they can apply to diverse industries and technology sectors. However, differences between technology sectors make necessary the definition of sector specific RL frameworks. Here, we describe bioindustrial manufacturing readiness levels (BioMRLs), a classification system specific to bioindustrial manufacturing. BioMRLs will give program managers, investors, scientists, and engineers a shared vocabulary for prioritizing goals and assessing risks in the development and commercialization of a bioindustrial manufacturing process.	0
Abstract2class: Impact of mammalian cell culture conditions on monoclonal antibody charge heterogeneity: an accessory monitoring tool for process development Abstract: Recombinant monoclonal antibodies are predominantly produced in mammalian cell culture bioprocesses. Post-translational modifications affect the micro-heterogeneity of the product and thereby influence important quality attributes, such as stability, solubility, pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics. The analysis of the surface charge distribution of monoclonal antibodies provides aggregated information about these modifications. In this work, we established a direct injection pH gradient cation exchange chromatography method, which determines charge heterogeneity from cell culture supernatant without any purification steps. This tool was further applied to monitor processes that were performed under certain process conditions. Concretely, we were able to provide insights into charge variant formation during a fed-batch process of a Chinese hamster ovary cell culture, in turn producing a monoclonal antibody under varying temperatures and glucose feed strategies. Glucose concentration impacted the total emergence of acidic variants, whereas the variation of basic species was mainly dependent on process temperature. The formation rates of acidic species were described with a second-order reaction, where a temperature increase favored the conversion. This platform method will aid as a sophisticated optimization tool for mammalian cell culture processes. It provides a quality fingerprint for the produced mAb, which can be tested, compared to the desired target and confirmed early in the process chain.	0
Abstract2class: Cofactor recycling for selective enzymatic biotransformation of cinnamaldehyde to cinnamyl alcohol Abstract: The enzymatic, selective hydrogenation of cinnamaldehyde to cinnamyl alcohol is reported here. Yeast alcohol dehydrogenase was used in a substrate-coupled process with cofactor recycling. Both 100% selectivity and aldehyde conversion were achieved within 3 h. The reaction took place under very mild conditions, in the absence of toxic organic solvent. The overall process proved inexpensive and deserves further optimization studies in order to evaluate industrial applications.	0
Abstract2class: Application of LDH-release assay to cellular-level evaluation of the toxic potential of harmful algal species Abstract: Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)-release assay was applied to estimate the toxic potential of harmful algal species at the cellular level. African green monkey kidney (Vero), yellowtail fin epithelia (MJF), and rainbow trout gill (RTgill-W1) cells were used as target cells. A live cell suspension of Karenia mikimotoi (SUO-1) induced the release of LDH from these cell lines, while the activity of another strain, FUK, was much lower. The cell-free culture supernatants and ruptured cell suspensions of both strains of K. mikimotoi were less effective on LDH-release assay. Exposure experiments against abalone and shrimp revealed that SUO-1 showed much stronger lethal effects on these organisms than FUK. Among six phytoplankton species, three species known to be harmful algal species induced the release of LDH to different extents depending on the cell line, whereas the other three species, known to be non-toxic, showed no effects on any cell lines. These results suggest that LDH-release assay is a useful micro-plate assay for estimation of the toxic potential of harmful phytoplankton.	0
Abstract2class: Prophage, phiPV83-pro, carrying panton-valentine leukocidin genes, on the Staphylococcus aureus P83 chromosome: comparative analysis of the genome structures of phiPV83-pro, phiPVL, phi11, and other phages Abstract: Staphylococcus aureus P83 has Panton-Valentine leukocidin (PVL)-like genes, lukM and lukF-PV. Here, lukM and lukF-PV genes were found on the genome of a prophage, which was designated as phiPV83-pro. The precise genome size was 45,636 bp with att core sequences of 10 base pairs. Sixty-four ORFs were identified on the phiPV83-pro genome, including two extra operons, lukM-lukF-PV and orfs63-64. The lukM-lukF-PV cluster was located 2.1 kb upstream of the attL site. The most striking feature of the phiPV83-pro genome was a constituent of at least 4 regions from phi11, phiPVL, and other phages, i.e., (i) att sites identical with those of phi11, (ii) a cos sequence and the genes encoding packaging and head proteins of phiPVL (occupied half region of phiPV83-pro), and (iii) the other two regions which showed no significant similarity with known phages (occupied about 40% of phiPV83-pro). Furthermore, two insertion sequences, ISSA1 and ISSA2 were integrated into attL site and orf44, respectively. PhiPV83-pro was not induced as phage particles from S. aureus P83 regardless of its treatment with mitomycin C. The insertion of ISSA1 into the attL site was one of the reasons of the failure of the induction of the phage particles by mitomycin C treatment of the strain P83.	0
Abstract2class: Characteristics of an anaerobic, syntrophic, butyrate-degrading bacterium in paddy field soil Abstract: The number of syntrophic butyrate-degrading bacteria in a flooded paddy field soil was 1.7 x 10(3) MPN/g dry soil. Butyrate was degraded to acetate and methane when paddy soils were incubated anaerobically with the addition of butyrate. However, butyrate degradation was completely suppressed by the addition of the specific inhibitor of methanogenesis, 2-bromoethanesulfonate (BES) to the soil. A hydrogen-using methanogen, strain TM-8, was isolated from flooded paddy field soil. Strain TM-8 was identified as Methanobacterium formicicum based on its physiology and phylogeny. Syntrophic butyrate-degrading bacteria were enumerated and isolated using strain TM-8. A syntrophic butyrate-degrading bacterium, strain TB-6, was isolated in coculture with strain TM-8 from paddy soil. The strain was Gram-negative, had curved rods, and grew on crotonate. Sulfate was not used as an electron acceptor. Strain TB-6 was closely related to S. wolfei subsp. wolfei. The relation between strain TB-6 and the members of Syntrophomonas are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: The reversible change in the redox state of type I Cu in Myrothecium verrucaria bilirubin oxidase depending on pH Abstract: The redox state of type I Cu in Myrothecium verrucaria bilirubin oxidase (BO), a multicopper oxidase utilized in the clinical investigation of liver, is an equilibrium state of the oxidized and reduced forms, reflected in the reversible absorption and electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectral changes depending on pH.	0
Abstract2class: Prevention of peroxidative stress in rats fed on a low vitamin E-containing diet by supplementing with a fermented bovine milk whey preparation: effect of lactic acid and beta-lactoglobulin on the antiperoxidative action Abstract: We examined the antiperoxidative properties of a fermented bovine milk whey preparation in rats fed on a low vitamin E-containing diet and identified the active principle in the preparation. An exogenous supply of either lactic acid or an amino acid mixture simulated the unfermented whey proteins to prevent red blood cell (RBC) hemolysis and to lower liver thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS). The supply of either whey proteins or beta-lactoglobulin resulted in an increase in liver GSH and prevented iron-mediated lipoprotein peroxidation. These protein effects were reproduced in rats orally administered with either GSH or its precursor, gamma-glutamylcysteine. The amount of TBARS formed during in vitro lipoprotein peroxidation were positively correlated with liver TBARS. These results suggest that fermented milk products containing lactic acid and bovine milk whey proteins can ameliorate peroxidative stress in tissues subjected to vitamin E deficiency.	0
Abstract2class: Specific 5-hydroxylation of piperlongumine by Beauveria bassiana ATCC 7159 Abstract: A new hydroxylated derivative was efficiently prepared by transforming the natural anti-cancer product, piperlongumine, with Beauveria bassiana ATCC 7159. Its structure was determined to be 5-hydroxylpiperlongumine on the basis of the spectroscopic data. The absolute configuration at C-5 was established as R by Mosher's method.	0
Abstract2class: Gene regulation in response to overexpression of cytochrome P450 and proliferation of the endoplasmic reticulum in Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: (CYP52A4) in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Using the mRNA differential display technique, six genes were found to be up-regulated: ASN2, MDJ1, YLR194c, YNL208w, YER175, and YGL121c. Genes coding for Dur1.2p, Dal2p, and Sps19p were down-regulated. Two strongly induced genes, which were found to accommodate the peroxisome box (YLR194c) and a 10-bp consensus sequence of genes involved in lipid metabolism (YNL208w) in their promoter regions, were further analyzed with respect to the course of induction, the necessity of the P450 membrane anchor for induction, and the effects of gene disruption on P450Cm2 overexpression. We found that both genes are not essential to overproduce P450Cm2, but their induction was dependent on P450Cm2 membrane integration.	0
Abstract2class: High throughput assay to detect compounds that enhance the proton permeability of Candida albicans membranes Abstract: We describe a 96-well microtiter plate format assay to detect changes in proton permeability in membranes of the pathogenic yeast, Candida albicans. Candida albicans cells were incubated with the lipophilic ester of 2',7'-bis-(2-carboxyethyl)-5-(and-6)-carboxyfluorescein (BCECF), a pH-sensitive fluorescein derivative. Inside the cells, BCECF was released and trapped in the vacuole. Compounds that destroyed membrane integrity increased the pH value of the vacuole due to proton leakage into the cytoplasm. This was paralleled by an increase in BCECF fluorescence intensity, which could be quantified. The test assay was validated with amphotericin B, as well as with other membrane-active compounds known to increase membrane permeability. Possible applications and limitations of this assay in the field of antifungal drug discovery are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and identification of a thermophilic strain producing trehalose synthase from geothermal water in China Abstract: A slightly thermophilic strain, CBS-01, producing trehalose synthase (TreS), was isolated from geothermal water in this study. According to the phenotypic characteristics and phylogenetic analysis of the 16s rRNA gene sequence, it was identified as Meiothermus ruber. The trehalose synthase gene of Meiothermus ruber CBS-01 was cloned by polymerase chain reaction and sequenced. The TreS gene consisted of 2,895 nucleotides, which specified a 964-amino-acid protein. This novel TreS catalyzed reversible interconversion of maltose and trehalose.	0
Abstract2class: Complexes of serine acetyltransferase and isozymes of cysteine synthase in spinach leaves Abstract: Polyclonal antibodies against cysteine synthase (CSase; EC 4.2.99.8) isozymes 1, 2, and 3 were used for the detection of complexes of these isozymes with serine acetyltransferase (SATase; EC 2.3.1.30). SATase was partially purified and found to complex with these isozymes by western blotting and immunotitration. When the complexes were treated with a high concentration of O-acetyl-L-serine, they did not dissociate. However, some complexes with CSase 1 or 3 dissociated when left for 24 h at 4 degrees C. Results of western blotting on SDS-PAGE showed that CSase 2 complexed with SATase. CSases 1, 2, and 3 all could complex with SATase, but the tightness of the bond differed.	0
Abstract2class: Fermentation conditions and properties of a chitosanase from Acinetobacter sp. C-17 Abstract: A species of bacterium with high chitosanase activity was isolated from soil samples in Haiyan City, China, and identified as an Acinetobacter species. This strain, named Acinetobacter sp. strain C-17, produced a chitosanase that was inducible and secreted into the medium. The optimal conditions for enzyme production were cells used to inoculate a medium containing 1% chitosan (pH 7.0) followed by culture at 30 degrees C. The chitosanase activity reached 1.7 U/ml when strain C-17 was incubated in a 250-ml flask under the optimal conditions for 24 h, and reached 2.8 U/ml when cells were incubated in a 3-l fermentor. The optimal pH and temperature for hydrolysis of chitosanase were 7.0 and 36 degrees C, respectively. The chitosanase activity was stable in the pH range of 5-8 and temperature range of 30-40 degrees C. The chitosanase of the strain was extracted by zinc acetate and ammonium sulfate precipitation. The molecular mass was estimated to be 35.4 kDa by SDS-PAGE.	0
Abstract2class: Soluble expression in Escherichia coli of active human cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase isoform 4B2 in fusion with maltose-binding protein Abstract: Recombinant expression in Escherichia coli of human cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase 4B2 (hPDE4B2) fused to maltose-binding-protein (MBP-hPDE4B2) was investigated. hPDE4B2 DNA amplified via nested RT-PCR with total RNAs from U937 cells was ligated with pMAL-p2x. After induction at 18 degrees C for 16 h, soluble MBP-hPDE4B2 was produced in E. coli. MBP-hPDE4B2 after amylose-resin chromatography showed 35% homogeneity, and its Michaelis-Menten constant was 10+/-2 microM (n=3). Rolipram had a dissociation constant of 9+/-2 nM (n=2), and zinc ion was a potent inhibitor. Hence, MBP-hPDE4B2 was expressed in E. coli as a soluble active protein.	0
Abstract2class: A comparison of the production of ethanol between simultaneous saccharification and fermentation and separate hydrolysis and fermentation using unpretreated cassava pulp and enzyme cocktail Abstract: The processes of separate hydrolysis and fermentation (SHF) and simultaneous saccharification and fermentation (SSF) were employed using Saccharomyces cerevisiae for the production of ethanol from cassava pulp without any pretreatment. A combination of amylase, cellulase, cellobiase, and glucoamylase produced the highest levels of ethanol production in both the SHF and the SSF method. A temperature of 37 °C, a pH of 5.0, and an inoculum size of 6% were the optimum conditions for SSF. For the batch process at a pulp concentration of 20%, ethanol production levels from SHF and SSF were the highest, at 23.51 and 34.67 g L(-1) respectively, but in the fed-batch process, the levels of ethanol production from SHF and SSF rose to 29.39 and 43.25 g L(-1) respectively, which were 25% and 24.7% higher than those of the batch process. Thus SSF using the fed-batch provided a more efficient method for the utilization of cassava pulp.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of secreted proteins during conidial germination of Aspergillus oryzae RIB40 Abstract: To broaden our understanding of extracellular proteins of Aspergillus oryzae at the conidial germination stage, analyses of the secreted proteins during germination were carried out. Taka-amylase A (TAA), glucoamylase (GLAA), and aspergillopepsin A (PEPA) were identified as the main products by peptide mass fingerprinting. TAA and PEPA were detected simultaneously with the formation of germ tubes. With the development of germination, the pH of the medium fell from 5.5 to 3.5. The secreted PEPA had a pro-sequence and likely shifted from 42 kDa to 41 kDa below pH 4.6, indicating that the precursor of PEPA was secreted and underwent pH-dependent processing. Furthermore, the 41 kDa protein was trapped by the addition of pepstatin A, the specific inhibitor of PEPA, suggesting that the maturation of pro-PEPA was a stepwise autoprocessing upon acidification of the medium and itself was an intermediate of the processing. It was implied that PEPA plays an important role at the early germination stage.	0
Abstract2class: Syntheses and biological activities of pyranyl-substituted cinnamates Abstract: Twenty-two kinds of pyranyl-substituted cinnamates were synthesized by the reaction of 4-hydroxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one or 4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one (HMP) with a variety of substituted cinnamic acids, and their antifungal and plant growth inhibitory activities were investigated. Among the compounds prepared, 6-methyl-2-oxo-2H-pyran-4-yl 3-(4-isopropylphenyl)propenoate (H5) showed the strongest antifungal activity against Rhizoctonia solani and Sclerotium dellfinii, and 6-methyl-2-oxo-2H-pyran-4-yl 3-(2-methylphenyl)propenoate (H2) had the highest plant growth inhibitory activity toward Brassica rapa.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular characterization of HbCDPK1, an ethephon-induced calcium-dependent protein kinase gene of Hevea brasiliensis Abstract: Calcium-dependent protein kinases (CDPKs), as major primary Ca(2+) sensors, have been implicated in the regulation of stress and developmental signals in plants. In this study, a novel CDPK gene, designated HbCDPK1, was isolated from Hevea brasiliensis. The HbCDPK1 cDNA had 2,400 bp with an open reading frame of 1,671 bp encoding 556 amino acids, and the deduced HbCDPK1 protein contained four characteristic domains identified in CDPKs, showing a high level of sequence similarity to CDPKs from other plants. Expression analysis revealed more significant accumulation of the transcripts of HbCDPK1 in latex than in the leaves, bark, and roots in H. brasiliensis. In addition, transcription of HbCDPK1 was strongly induced by mechanical wounding, jasmonic acid (JA), and ethephon. Recombinant HbCDPK1 was expressed in E. coli, and its activity was assayed. The assay indicated that HbCDPK1 had the kinase and Ca(2+)-binding activity in vitro as a calcium-dependent protein. The potential roles of the HbCDPK1 are discussed as to latex production and rubber biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Expression and DNA binding activity of the tomato transcription factor RIN (ripening inhibitor) Abstract: Recently, we have found that the accumulation of ripening inhibitor (RIN) protein increased gradually during tomato fruit ripening. Here, the recombinant protein was expressed in Escherichia coli and affinity-purified. The DNA binding activity of renatured RIN protein was tested by electrophoretic mobility shift assay. The results indicated that an optimal expression and purification system was suitable for obtaining active RIN with DNA binding activity.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and characterization of salt-sensitive mutants of the moderately halophilic bacterium Salinivibrio costicola subsp. yaniae Abstract: Salinivibrio costicola subsp. yaniae is a moderately halophilic bacterium which can grow over a wide range of salinity. In response to external osmotic stress (1-3 M NaCl), S. costicola subsp. yaniae can accumulate ectoine, glycine betaine, and glutamate as compatible solutes. We used suicide plasmids pSUP101 to introduce transposon Tn1732 into S. costicola subsp. yaniae via Escherichia coli SM10 mediated by conjugation. One Tn1732-induced mutant, MU1, which was very sensitive to the external salt concentration, was isolated. Mutant MU1 did not grow above 1.5 M NaCl and did not synthesize ectoine, but accumulated Ngamma-acetyldiaminobutyrate, an ectoine precursor, as confirmed by (1)H-NMR analysis. From these data, we concluded that ectoine performs a key role in osmotic adaptation towards high salinity environments in strain S. costicola subsp. yaniae.	0
Abstract2class: Purification and characterization of a cathepsin L-like enzyme from the body wall of the sea cucumber Stichopus japonicus Abstract: Cathepsin L-like enzyme was purified from the body wall of the sea cucumber Stichopus japonicus by an integral method involving ammonium sulfate precipitation and a series of column chromatographies on DEAE Sepharose CL-6B, Sephadex G-75, and TSK-GEL. The molecular mass of the purified enzyme was estimated to be 63 kDa by SDS-PAGE. The enzyme cleaved N-carbobenzoxy-phenylalanine-arginine7-amido-4-methylcoumarin with K(m) (69.92 microM) and k(cat) (12.80/S) hardly hydrolyzed N-carbobenzoxy-arginine-arginine 7-amido-4-methylcoumarin and L-arginine 7-amido-4-methylcoumarin. The optimum pH and temperature for the purified enzyme were found to be 5.0 and 50 degrees C. It showed thermal stability below 40 degrees C. The activity was inhibited by sulfhydryl reagents and activated by reducing agents. These results suggest that the purified enzyme was a cathepsin L-like enzyme and that it existed in the form of its enzyme-inhibitor complex or precursor.	0
Abstract2class: Resistance imparted by traditional Chinese medicines to the acute change of glutamic pyruvic transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and creatine kinase activities in rat blood caused by noise Abstract: The activities of serum glutamic pyruvic transaminase (GPT), alkaline phosphatase (ALP) and creatine kinase (CK) in rats injected or not with the Chinese medicines, Astragali, Rhodiolae and Ligusticum, were determined after noise exposure. Noise at 95 and 105 dB significantly increased the activities of GPT, ALP and CK, and showed a dependence on the exposure time. The injection of each medicine significantly suppressed the increased enzyme activities by 95 and 105 dB noise.	0
Abstract2class: Reduction of noise-stress-induced physiological damage by radices of Astragali and Rhodiolae: glycogen, lactic acid and cholesterol contents in liver of the rat Abstract: Noise is one of the factors that induces critical stress in animals. The contents of glycogen, lactic acid and cholesterol in the liver of noise-stressed rats were analyzed in order to investigate the alleviation of noise-stress-induced physiological damages by traditional medicine using Astragali and Rhodiolae radices. More than 95 dB noise ranging from 2 to 4 kHz reduced the contents of these compounds in the liver of rats not injected with the extract of Astragali or Rhodiolae, but did not change the contents in the liver of rats injected with the Astragali or Rhodiolae extract. These results show that noise induced stress in the rats via a decrease in contents of these compounds in the liver and that Astragali or Rhodiolae maintained the contents of these compounds in the liver of the noise-stressed rats. The results indicate that Astragali or Rhodiolae improved the ability for rats to resist noise stress.	0
Abstract2class: Fractionation and Antitumor Activity of Polysaccharides from Grifola frondosa Mycelium Abstract: We developed a method for the fractionation and purification of antitumor polysaccharides, considered to be a type of immuno-potentiator or BRM (biological response modifier), from the mycelium of liquid cultured Grifola frondosa. The active polysaccharide fractions that showed higher antitumor activity were considered to be heteroglycans or their protein complexes as follows, in water-soluble fractions: FI0-a-α: fucoga-lactomannan-protein complex; FI0-a-β: mannogalactofucan; FA-1: galactoglucomannofucan-protein complex; FA-2-b-α: glucogalactomannan-protein complex; in water-insoluble fractions: FIII-1-a: mannofucoglucoxylan; FIII-1-b: mannoglucofucoxylan-protein complex; FIII-2-a: mannofucoglucoxylan-protein complex; FIII-2-b: glucomannofucoxylan-protein complex.	0
Abstract2class: Antitumor active fucoidan from the brown seaweed, umitoranoo (Sargassum thunbergii) Abstract: Neutral and acidic polysaccharides and their protein complexes were fractionated and purified from the brown seaweed umitoranoo (Sargassum thunbergii) by fractional extraction, iron-exchange chromatography, and gel filtration. Thirty-one polysaccharide fractions were obtained and tested for antitumor activity in mice with Ehrlich carcinoma transplanted i.p. Two of the fractions, GIV-A ([alpha]25D -127 degrees and mol. wt., 19,000) and GIV-B ([alpha]25D -110 degrees and mol. wt., 13,500) had such activity. On the basis of chemical and spectral analyses, these compounds were found to be a fucoidan or L-fucan containing approx. 30% sulfate ester groups per fucose residue, about 10% uronic acid, and less than 2% protein.	0
Abstract2class: Antitumor protein-containing polysaccharides from a Chinese mushroom Fengweigu or Houbitake, Pleurotus sajor-caju (Fr.) Sings Abstract: Protein-containing polysaccharides extracted from fruiting bodies of a Chinese fungus named Feng Wei Gu, were fractionated and purified, and their antitumor activities were tested, out of which the following active fractions were obtained. FIo-a: A protein-containing xyloglucan, MW 280,000, polysaccharide: protein = 76:24 (w/w), polysaccharide consisting of Man:Gal:Xyl:Glc = 2:12:42:42 (molar ratio). [alpha]D23 + 25.3 degrees. FA-2: A protein-containing mannogalactan, MW 120,000, polysaccharide: protein = 76:16 (w/w), consisting of Xyl:Man:Gal = 9:35:56 (molar ratio), [alpha]D23 + 98.5 degrees. FII-1: A Protein-containing xylan (62:21 w/w). MW 200,000, [alpha]D23 + 8.7 degrees. FIII-1a: A protein-containing glucoxylan (15:71 w/w), [alpha]D23 + 30.7 degrees, MW 90,000, consisting of Glc:Xyl = 40:44 (molar ratio). FIII-2a: A protein-containing xyloglucan, MW 70,000, polysaccharide:protein = 69:3 (w/w), polysaccharide consisting of Xyl:Glc = 36:62 (molar ratio). [alpha]D23 + 38.6 degrees.	0
Abstract2class: Multi-energy metabolic mechanisms of the fungus Fusarium oxysporum in low oxygen environments Abstract: The fungus Fusarium oxysporum produces energy under hypoxic and anoxic conditions by denitrification (nitrate respiration) and ammonia fermentation respectively. Here we found that glucose repressed both of these metabolisms, whereas it supported another anoxic metabolism, hetero-lactic acid fermentation. Ammonia fermentation occurred only after the glucose present in the medium was metabolized to ethanol via alcohol fermentation. During this transition, clear diauxic growth was observed. Glucose regulated the activity of the enzymes involved in ammonia fermentation, hetero-lactic acid fermentation, and denitrification. Highest cell growth was supported by hetero-lactic acid fermentation, followed by denitrification and ammonia fermentation. These results indicate that the energy metabolisms of F. oxysporum are dependent not only on environmental O(2) tension but also on the carbon source, and that ammonia fermentation is an adaptative mechanism acting physiologically as a secondary fermentative mechanism replacing the primary hetero-lactic acid fermentation.	0
Abstract2class: Protective effect of pinitol against D-galactosamine-induced hepatotoxicity in rats fed on a high-fat diet Abstract: The protective effect of pinitol against D-galactosamine (GalN)-induced liver damage was examined. Forty male Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into normal control, GalN control, and pinitol groups (0.5%, 1%, and 2%). After 8 weeks of feeding, a single dose of GalN (650 mg/kg) was administered 24 h before their sacrifice. The serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) levels were significantly increased after an injection with GalN (P<0.05), but pinitol supplementation at the level of 0.5% reversed these changes to normal levels. Significant decreases in serum triglyceride and cholesterol and increases in hepatic cholesterol were observed in GalN-intoxicated rats. However, supplementation with pinitol significantly attenuated these trends. In addition, pinitol elevated the Mn-superoxide dismutase, glutathione reductase, and catalase activities, prevented hepatic lipid peroxidation, and restored the hepatic GSH levels and cytochrome P450 2E1 function. Thus, 0.5% pinitol supplementation protected the rats from the hepatotoxicity induced by GalN, at least part of its effect being attributable to attenuation of the oxidative stress and inflammatory process promoted by GalN.	0
Abstract2class: An efficient and novel screening model for assessing the bioactivity of extracts against multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa using Caenorhabditis elegans Abstract: As a large number of multidrug-resistant bacteria have emerged, and there is an urgent need for the development of new antibacterial agents. In this study, we developed a liquid-based slow killing assay to be carried out in standard 96-well microtiter plates. This screening method was designed to facilitate high-throughput screening of small molecules and extracts. In antibiotic rescue assays, the Caenorhabditis elegans multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection model displayed a high degree of drug resistance in vivo and in vitro. We used the method to screen 1,300 extracts, and found 36 extracts (2.7%) which prolonged the survival of infected nematodes, and four (0.3%) of these extracts showed in vitro and in vivo anti-multidrug resistant P. aeruginosa activity. These results indicate that the whole-animal C. elegans multidrug-resistant bacterial model can be used to screen antibacterial compounds, and can also be useful for bioactive compounds which most likely cannot be identified in vitro.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of heat-killed Lactobacillus pentosus S-PT84 on postprandial hypertriacylglycerolemia in rats Abstract: The effect of Lactobacillus pentosus strain S-PT84 (S-PT84) on postprandial hypertriacylglycerolemia was investigated in rats. S-PT84 dose-dependently inhibited the hydrolysis of triacylglycerols by pancreatic lipase in vitro. Intragastric administration of S-PT84 significantly reduced the lymphatic recovery of (3)H-trioleoylglycerol up to 8 h. The oral administration of a fat emulsion, with or without S-PT84, resulted in the concentration of plasma triacylglycerol 2 h and 3 h after administration being significantly lower in the S-PT84 group than in the group without S-PT84 (control group). These results suggest that S-PT84 alleviated postprandial hypertriacylglycerolemia by delaying triacylglycerol absorption in the intestine through the inhibition of pancreatic lipase.	0
Abstract2class: The adenovirus-mediated transfer of PTEN inhibits the growth of esophageal cancer cells in vitro and in vivo Abstract: The development and progression of esophageal cancer is associated with multiple alterations in the genome, including loss of the tumor suppressor phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted from the chromosome 10 (PTEN) gene. The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of adenovirus-mediated MMAC/PTEN expression on the growth and survival of human esophageal cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. We found that compared to control cells, overexpression of PTEN significantly suppressed growth and induced apoptosis in esophageal cancer cell lines Eca-109 and TE-1 via downregulation of Bcl-2 expression and changes in cell-cycle progression. Adenovirus PTEN also inhibited the growth of subcutaneous tumor xenografts by significantly reducing tumor size in vivo. Thus our results confirm the proposed functional role of MMAC/PTEN as a regulator of esophageal cancer progression in vivo and in vitro. PTEN might be an important biological marker and potential therapeutic target in the treatment of human esophageal cancer.	0
Abstract2class: Foreign insect hormones stimulating the transcription of the ie-1 promoter of Bombyx mori nuclear polyhedrosis virus in vivo and in vitro Abstract: Via a transient expression assay system, an experimental study was undertaken to characterize the effects of insect ecdysone and juvenile hormone analogue on the transient expression of the luciferase gene under the control of the immediate-early gene (ie-1) promoter of Bombyx mori nuclear polyhedrosis virus. The results demonstrated that the transcriptional activity of the ie-1 promoter was increased to a certain extent by different insect hormone treatments in uninfected insect cells or fifth instar silkworm larvae transfected with a plasmid containing a luciferase gene driven by the ie-1 promoter. By ecdysone treatment alone, an increase of 5-7 fold was reached in Bm-N, or Bm-5 cells, or in the early developmental stage of fifth instar larvae. By treatment with juvenile hormone analogue alone, about 2-fold, in Bm-N, Bm-5, and Sf-21 cells, or about 5-fold increase in the middle developmental stage of larvae was given, respectively. By co-treatment with ecdysone and juvenile hormone analogue, the incease was given between that of ecdysone and juvenile hormone analogue treatment alone. In addition, the synergistic effects of foreign/endogenous hormones on the activity of ie-1 promoter are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: New N-acyl taurine from the sea urchin Glyptocidaris crenularis Abstract: A new N-acyl taurine (1), together with a new natural product, l-(beta-D-ribofuranosyl)-1,2,4-triazole (4), and two known compounds (2 and 3), were isolated from the sea urchin, Glyptocidaris crenularis. The new N-acyl taurine was elucidated as 2-(5R,15S-dihydroxyeicosanoylamino) ethanesulfonic acid on the basis of spectroscopic (NMR, MS) analyses and the modified Mosher ester method. Compound 2 showed significant toxicity against brine shrimp larvae.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthesis of coumarin glycosides by transgenic hairy roots of Polygonum multiflorum Abstract: To investigate the substrate specificity and regio-selectivity of coumarin glycosyltransferases in transgenic hairy roots of Polygonum multiflorum, esculetin (1) and eight hydroxycoumarins (2-9) were employed as substrates. Nine corresponding glycosides (10-18) involving four new compounds, 6-chloro-4-methylcoumarin 7-O-β-D-glucopyranoside (15), 6-chloro-4-phenylcoumarin 7-O-β-D-glucopyranoside (16), 8-hydroxy-4-methylcoumarin 7-O-β-D-glucopyranoside (17), and 8-allyl-4-methylcoumarin 7-O-β-D-glucopyranoside (18), were biosynthesized by the hairy roots.	0
Abstract2class: New Limonoids from Melia toosendan Abstract: The root bark of Melia toosendan afforded four new limonoids with a C-19/C-29 bridged acetal structure, together with two known limonoids, 12α-hydroxyamoorastatone and its 12-acetate. The new compounds were elucidated as 1-O-acetyltrichilin H and 29-O-substituted amoorastatone derivatives, named neoazedarachins A, B and D, by spectroscopic and chemical means. Their antifeedant activity was also studied.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a 14-3-3 protein from Lentinus edodes that interacts with CAP (adenylyl cyclase-associated protein), and conservation of this interaction in fission yeast Abstract: We previously identified a gene encoding a CAP (adenylyl cyclase-associated protein) homologue from the edible Basidiomycete Lentinus edodes. To further discover the cellular functions of the CAP protein, we searched for CAP-interacting proteins using a yeast two-hybrid system. Among the candidates thus obtained, many clones encoded the C-terminal half of an L. edodes 14-3-3 homologue (designated cip3). Southern blot analysis indicated that L. edodes contains only one 14-3-3 gene. Overexpression of the L. edodes 14-3-3 protein in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe rad24 null cells complemented the loss of endogenous 14-3-3 protein functions in cell morphology and UV sensitivity, suggesting functional conservation of 14-3-3 proteins between L. edodes and S. pombe. The interaction between L. edodes CAP and 14-3-3 protein was restricted to the N-terminal domain of CAP and was confirmed by in vitro co-precipitation. Results from both the two-hybrid system and in vivo co-precipitation experiments showed the conservation of this interaction in S. pombe. The observation that a 14-3-3 protein interacts with the N-terminal portion of CAP but not with full-length CAP in L. edodes and S. pombe suggests that the C-terminal region of CAP may have a negative effect on the interaction between CAP and 14-3-3 proteins, and 14-3-3 proteins may play a role in regulation of CAP function.	0
Abstract2class: Single microspore reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction: dynamic change of gene expression during microsporogenesis Abstract: A sensitive and reliable single microspore reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay was developed that requires little sample material and only a short sampling time and ensures template preservation. We propose that the assay provides a useful tool to study not only cell-cycle related events in developing pollen but also the molecular mechanisms underlying male sterility and mutants impaired in pollen development.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro augmentation of natural killer activity and interferon-gamma production in murine spleen cells with Agaricus blazei fruiting body fractions Abstract: Aqueous extracts of the Agaricus blazei fruiting body prepared at different temperatures were fractionated by ethanol precipitation with various ethanol concentrations. The original aqueous extracts of A. blazei failed to stimulate natural killer (NK) cell activity in murine spleen cells in vitro, but the strongest effect was observed in a 30% ethanol-soluble-50% ethanol-insoluble fraction prepared from the extract at 40 degrees C (fraction A-50). Fraction A-50 also showed the strongest augmenting effect on interferon (IFN)-gamma production. This augmentation of NK activity and IFN-gamma production by fraction A-50 was completely abrogated by a heat treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Excess leucine intake induces serine dehydratase in rat liver Abstract: We have hypothesized that rat liver serine dehydratase (SDH) is induced in response to the amount of surplus amino acids from dietary protein. In the present study, we found that excess leucine intake strongly induced SDH activity in the liver but not in the kidney of rats. The increase in activity was accompanied by increases in the levels of SDH mRNA. On the other hand, isoleucine and valine had little effect on SDH induction. These results support our hypothesis and suggest that leucine is a signal for SDH induction.	0
Abstract2class: Yak lactate dehydgogenase A4: purification, properties, and cDNA cloning Abstract: Lactate dehydrogenase A4 (LDH-A4) was purified for yak skeletal muscle. Michaelis constant (Km) analysis showed that yak LDH-A4 for pyruvate was significantly higher than that of cattle. cDNA cloning of LDH-A revealed two amino acid substitutions between yak and cattle. We suggest that the higher Km of yak LDH-A4 might be a result of molecular adaptation to a hypoxic environment.	0
Abstract2class: Suppressive effect of modified arabinoxylan from rice bran (MGN-3) on D-galactosamine-induced IL-18 expression and hepatitis in rats Abstract: We investigated in this study the effect of modified arabinoxylan from rice bran (MGN-3) and its fractions on D-galactosamine (D-GalN)-induced IL-18 expression and hepatitis in rats. Male Wistar rats were pretreated with MGN-3 or fractions of the MGN-3 hydrolysate, or with saline 1 h before administering D-GalN (400 mg/kg B.W.). The serum transaminase activities, IL-18 mRNA expression level in the liver and IL-18 concentration in the serum were determined 24 h after injecting D-GalN. Both the oral and intraperitoneal administration of MGN-3 (20 mg/kg B.W.) alleviated D-GalN-induced hepatic injury under these experimental conditions. The low-molecular-weight fraction (LMW) of MGN-3 showed the strongest protective effect on D-GalN-induced liver injury, its main sugar component being glucose. Moreover, the D-GalN-induced IL-18 expression was significantly reduced by treating with MGN-3 and LMW. The results suggest that MGN-3 and LMW could provide significant protection against D-GalN liver injury, and that IL-18 might be involved in their protective influence.	0
Abstract2class: Glioperazine B, as a new antimicrobial agent against Staphylococcus aureus, and glioperazine C: two new dioxopiperazines from Bionectra byssicola Abstract: In the course of our screening for new antibacterials from microbial metabolites, two new dioxopiperazine metabolites, glioperazines B (1) and C (2), together with the known compound, glioperazine (3), were isolated from the mycelia of a liquid fermentation culture of the fungus, Bionectra byssicola F120. The structures of compounds 1 and 2 were assigned on the basis of MS and NMR data. Compound 1 is an unusual dioxopiperazine metabolite containing an OMe group at the alpha-carbon of the amino acid residue. Compound 1 showed weak antibacterial activity against various strains of S. aureus, including methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA) and quinolone-resistant S. aureus (QRSA), while 2 and 3 did not show such activity.	0
Abstract2class: Convergent diversity-oriented side-chain macrocyclization scan for unprotected polypeptides Abstract: Here we describe a general synthetic platform for side-chain macrocyclization of an unprotected peptide library based on the SNAr reaction between cysteine thiolates and a new generation of highly reactive perfluoroaromatic small molecule linkers. This strategy enabled us to simultaneously "scan" two cysteine residues positioned from i, i + 1 to i, i + 14 sites in a polypeptide, producing 98 macrocyclic products from reactions of 14 peptides with 7 linkers. A complementary reverse strategy was developed; cysteine residues within the polypeptide were first modified with non-bridging perfluoroaryl moieties and then commercially available dithiol linkers were used for macrocyclization. The highly convergent, site-independent, and modular nature of these two strategies coupled with the unique chemoselectivity of a SNAr transformation allows for the rapid diversity-oriented synthesis of hybrid macrocyclic peptide libraries with varied chemical and structural complexities.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of CYP76AH4 clarifies phenolic diterpenoid biosynthesis in the Lamiaceae Abstract: Miltiradiene (1) is the precursor of phenolic diterpenoids such as ferruginol (2), requiring aromatization and hydroxylation. While this has been attributed to a single cytochrome P450 (CYP76AH1), characterization of the rosemary ortholog CYP76AH4 led to the discovery that these CYPs simply hydroxylate the facilely oxidized aromatic intermediate abietatriene (3).	0
Abstract2class: Nonregular structure-property relationships for inclusion parameters of tert-butylcalix[5]arene Abstract: The effect of macrocycle size on the structure-property relationships was studied for inclusion compounds of tert-butylcalix[n]arenes (n=4,5) with volatile organic guests having various molecular size and group composition. Vapor-sorption isotherms, guest-inclusion stoichiometry and Gibbs energy, thermostability parameters and decomposition enthalpies were determined for host-guest compounds (clathrates) obtained using saturation of solid calixarene powder with guest vapor. The increase of the host macrocycle in the studied calixarene pair changes the observed structure-property relationship from the guest-binding selectivity mostly seen in inclusion Gibbs energy to the high sensitivity for guest structure in inclusion stoichiometry. The host with the larger macrocycle has more clathrates with stepwise formation and decomposition. Specific types of guest binding with solid hosts are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: A facile copper(I)-catalyzed homocoupling of terminal alkynes to 1,3-diynes with diaziridinone under mild conditions Abstract: A novel and efficient Cu(I)-catalyzed oxidative homocoupling of terminal alkynes with diaziridinone as an oxidant is described. Various terminal alkynes can be transformed into the corresponding 1,3-diynes in good yields. The reaction process is base-free, operationally simple, and amenable to the gram scale.	0
Abstract2class: Bicyclic core estrogens as full antagonists: synthesis, biological evaluation and structure-activity relationships of estrogen receptor ligands based on bridged oxabicyclic core arylsulfonamides Abstract: Compounds that block estrogen action through the estrogen receptor (ER) or downregulate ER levels are useful for the treatment of breast cancer and endocrine disorders. In our search for structurally novel estrogens having three-dimensional core scaffolds, we found some compounds with a 7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptene core that bound well to the ERs. The best of these compounds, a phenyl sulfonate ester (termed OBHS for oxabicycloheptene sulfonate), was a partial antagonist on both ERα and ERβ. Although OBHS bears no structural resemblance to other estrogen antagonists, it appears to achieve its partial antagonist character by stabilizing a novel conformation of the ER that involves a significant distortion of helix-11. To enhance the antagonist properties of these oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane core ligands, we expanded the functional diversity of OBHS by replacing the sulfonate with secondary or tertiary sulfonamides (-SO(2)NR-), isoelectronic and potentially isostructural molecular replacements. An array of 16 OBHS sulfonamide analogues were prepared through a Diels-Alder reaction of a 3,4-diarylfuran using various N-aryl vinyl sulfonamide dienophiles. While the more polar secondary sulphonamides were weak ligands, certain of the tertiary sulfonamides had very good ER binding affinity. In HepG2 cell reporter gene assays, the sulphonamides had moderate potency, but they showed lower intrinsic transcriptional activity on ERα than the selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) hydroxytamoxifen or OBHS, and they were inverse agonists on ERβ. Thus, the behaviour of these OBH-sulfonamides more closely mirrors the activity of full antagonists like the drug fulvestrant (ICI 182 780), and their greater antagonist biocharacter appears to arise from an accentuated distortion of helix-11.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and evaluation of monophosphoryl lipid A derivatives as fully synthetic self-adjuvanting glycoconjugate cancer vaccine carriers Abstract: A fully synthetic carbohydrate-based cancer vaccine is an attractive concept, but an important topic in the area is to develop proper vaccine carriers that can improve the immunogenicity and other immunological properties of tumor-associated carbohydrate antigens (TACAs). In this context, four monophosphoryl derivatives of Neisseria meningitidis lipid A were synthesized via a highly convergent and effective strategy and evaluated as vaccine carriers and adjuvants. The conjugates of these monophosphoryl lipid A (MPLA) derivatives with a modified form of the sTn antigen were found to elicit high titers of antigen-specific IgG antibodies, indicating a T cell-dependent immune response, in the absence of an external adjuvant. It was concluded that MPLAs could be utilized as potent vaccine carriers and built-in adjuvants to create fully synthetic self-adjuvanting carbohydrate-based cancer vaccines. The lipid composition and structure of MPLA were shown to have a significant influence on its immunological activity, and among the MPLAs examined, natural N. meningitidis MPLA exhibited the most promising properties. Moreover, Titermax Gold, a conventional vaccine adjuvant, was shown to inhibit, rather than promote, the immunological activity of MPLA conjugates, maybe via interacting with MPLA.	0
Abstract2class: Targeting tumor hypoxia: a third generation 2-nitroimidazole-indocyanine dye-conjugate with improved fluorescent yield Abstract: Tumor hypoxia is associated with the rapid proliferation and growth of malignant tumors, and the ability to detect tumor hypoxia is important for predicting tumor response to anti-cancer treatments. We have developed a class of dye-conjugates that are related to indocyanine green (ICG, ) to target tumor hypoxia, based on in vivo infrared fluorescence imaging using nitroimidazole moieties linked to indocyanine fluorescent dyes. We previously reported that linking 2-nitroimidazole to an indocyanine dicarboxylic acid dye derivative () using an ethanolamine linker (ethanolamine-2-nitroimidazole-ICG, ), led to a dye-conjugate that gave promising results for targeting cancer hypoxia in vivo. Structural modification of the dye conjugate replaced the ethanolamine unit with a piperazineacetyl unit and led a second generation dye conjugate, piperzine-2-nitroimidazole-ICG (). This second generation dye-conjugate showed improved targeting of tumor hypoxia when compared with . Based on the hypothesis that molecules with more planar and rigid structures have a higher fluorescence yield, as they could release less absorbed energy through molecular vibration or collision, we have developed a new 2-nitroimidazole ICG conjugate, , with two carbon atoms less in the polyene linker. Dye-conjugate was prepared from our new dye (), and coupled to 2-nitroimidazole using a piperazine linker to produce this third-generation dye-conjugate. Spectral measurements showed that the absorption/emission wavelengths of 657/670 were shifted ∼100 nm from the second-generation hypoxia dye of 755/780 nm. Its fluorescence quantum yield was measured to be 0.467, which is about 5 times higher than that of (0.083). In vivo experiments were conducted with balb/c mice and showed more than twice the average in vivo fluorescence intensity in the tumor beyond two hours post retro-orbital injection as compared with . These initial results suggest that may significantly improve in vivo tumor hypoxia targeting.	0
Abstract2class: [18F]- and [11C]-labeled N-benzyl-isatin sulfonamide analogues as PET tracers for apoptosis: synthesis, radiolabeling mechanism, and in vivo imaging study of apoptosis in Fas-treated mice using [11C]WC-98 Abstract: The radiolabeled isatin sulfonamide caspase-3 inhibitor, [18F] 2 (WC-II-89), is a potential PET radiotracer for noninvasive imaging of apoptosis. The radiolabeling mechanism was studied by 13C NMR, ESI/MS, and computational calculations. It was found that the high electrophilicity of the C3 carbonyl group in the isatin ring, which served as a trap for [18F]fluoride, was responsible for the failure of the radiolabeling via nucleophilic substitution of the mesylate group in 7a by [18F]fluoride. Once treated with a strong base, 7a opened the isatin ring completely to form an isatinate intermediate 16, which lost the ability to trap [18F]fluoride, thereby allowing the displacement of the mesylate group to afford the 18F-labeled isatinate 17. [18F] 17 can be converted to isatin [18F] 2 efficiently under acidic conditions. The ring-opening and re-closure of the isatin ring under basic and acidic conditions were confirmed by reversed phase HPLC analysis, ESI/MS and 13C NMR studies. Computational studies of model compounds also support the above proposed mechanism. Similarly, the ring-opening and re-closure method was used successfully in the synthesis of the 11C labeled isatin sulfonamide analogue [11C] 4 (WC-98). A microPET imaging study using [11C] 4 in the Fas liver apoptosis model demonstrated retained activity in the target organ (liver) of the treated mice. Increased caspase-3 activation in the liver was verified by the fluorometric caspase-3 enzyme assay. Therefore, this study provides a useful method for radio-synthesis of isatin derivative radiotracers for PET and SPECT studies, and [11C] 4 is a potential PET radiotracer for noninvasive imaging of apoptosis.	0
Abstract2class: Catalytic activities of cocaine hydrolases against the most toxic cocaine metabolite norcocaethylene Abstract: A majority of cocaine users also consume alcohol. The concurrent use of cocaine and alcohol produces the pharmacologically active metabolites cocaethylene and norcocaethylene, in addition to norcocaine. Both cocaethylene and norcocaethylene are more toxic than cocaine itself. Hence, a truly valuable cocaine-metabolizing enzyme for cocaine abuse/overdose treatment should be effective for the hydrolysis of not only cocaine, but also its metabolites norcocaine, cocaethylene, and norcocaethylene. However, there has been no report on enzymes capable of hydrolyzing norcocaethylene (the most toxic metabolite of cocaine). The catalytic efficiency parameters (kcat and KM) of human butyrylcholinesterase (BChE) and two mutants (known as cocaine hydrolases E14-3 and E12-7) against norcocaethylene have been characterized in the present study for the first time, and they are compared with those against cocaine. According to the obtained kinetic data, wild-type human BChE showed a similar catalytic efficiency against norcocaethylene (kcat = 9.5 min-1, KM = 11.7 μM, and kcat/KM = 8.12 × 105 M-1 min-1) to that against (-)-cocaine (kcat = 4.1 min-1, KM = 4.5 μM, and kcat/KM = 9.1 × 105 M-1 min-1). E14-3 and E12-7 showed an improved catalytic activity against norcocaethylene compared to wild-type BChE. E12-7 showed a 39-fold improved catalytic efficiency against norcocaethylene (kcat = 210 min-1, KM = 6.6 μM, and kcat/KM = 3.18 × 107 M-1 min-1). It has been demonstrated that E12-7 as an exogenous enzyme can efficiently metabolize norcocaethylene in rats.	0
Abstract2class: Structure-and-mechanism-based design and discovery of therapeutics for cocaine overdose and addiction Abstract: (-)-Cocaine is a widely abused drug and there is currently no available anti-cocaine therapeutic. Promising agents, such as anti-cocaine catalytic antibodies and high-activity mutants of human butyrylcholinesterase (BChE), for therapeutic treatment of cocaine overdose have been developed through structure-and-mechanism-based design and discovery. In particular, a unique computational design strategy based on the modeling and simulation of the rate-determining transition state has been developed and used to design and discover desirable high-activity mutants of BChE. One of the discovered high-activity mutants of BChE has a approximately 456-fold improved catalytic efficiency against (-)-cocaine. The encouraging outcome of the structure-and-mechanism-based design and discovery effort demonstrates that the unique computational design approach based on transition state modeling and simulation is promising for rational enzyme redesign and drug discovery. The general approach of the structure-and-mechanism-based design and discovery may be used to design high-activity mutants of any enzyme or catalytic antibody.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of nitric oxide probes with fluorescence lifetime sensitivity Abstract: We present the rationale, synthesis and evaluation of the first activatable fluorescent probe that utilizes fluorescence lifetime change for detection of nitric oxide. The new probe DAP-LT1 features a near-infrared polymethine skeleton with a diaminobenzene functionality incorporated into the meso-position. The probe is partially quenched, and upon reaction with nitric oxide shows an increase in the fluorescence lifetime from 1.08 ns to 1.24 ns.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and regioselective functionalization of perhalogenated BODIPYs Abstract: Three perhalogenated BODIPYs (1b-3b), bearing chloro and bromo groups at all carbon positions, were synthesized and characterized. The reactivity of BODIPY 3b was investigated under Stille cross-coupling reactions, and single crystal X-ray analysis was used to confirm the regioselectivity of the reactions. Further substitution at the boron atom produced nona-functionalized BODIPYs 7a,b, which show 676 and 739 nm emissions with 91 and 100 nm Stokes shifts, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: The first study about the relationship between the extractability of thiacalix[4]arene derivatives and the position of the coordination binding sites Abstract: Three organic ionophores (2-4) based on the p-tert-butylthiacalix[4]arene backbone, blocked in the 1,3-alternate conformation, bearing two pyridyl coordinating moieties (ortho for 2, meta for 3 and para for 4), have been synthesized and characterized in the solid state. The solvent extraction experiments with the metal ions showed that the ability of these derivatives to complex with Ag(+) appeared to be largely dependent on the position of the nitrogen atoms of the pyridyl ring. Two different complexation modes have been confirmed by 1H NMR titration. Ionophore 2 armed with two pyridyl moieties, complexed with Ag(+) cation through N···Ag(+)···S interactions; however, ionophore 3 and ionophore 4 complexed with Ag(+) through metal-nitrogen (N···Ag(+)) interactions. The DFT computational studies were consistent with the experimental findings. These findings will provide us with an important rule to design an appropriate thiacalix[4]arene ionophore in the future. Another study on the possibility for application of ionophores 2-4 for the treatment of waste water containing Cr(VI) and Cr(III), showed that ionophore 3 was useful in the application of the solvent extraction method in selective treatment of waste water containing Cr(VI) and Cr(III) prior to discharge.	0
Abstract2class: New eutectic ionic liquids for lipase activation and enzymatic preparation of biodiesel Abstract: The enzymatic preparation of biodiesel has been hampered by the lack of suitable solvents with desirable properties such as high lipase compatibility, low cost, low viscosity, high biodegradability, and ease of product separation. Recent interest in using ionic liquids (ILs) as advanced reaction media has led to fast reaction rates and high yields in the enzymatic synthesis of biodiesel. However, conventional (i.e., cation-anion paired) ILs based on imidazolium and other quaternary ammonium salts remain too expensive for wide application at industrial scales. In this study, we report on newly-synthesized eutectic ILs derived from choline acetate or choline chloride coupled with biocompatible hydrogen-bond donors, such as glycerol. These eutectic solvents have favorable properties including low viscosity, high biodegradability, and excellent compatibility with Novozym(®) 435, a commercial immobilized Candida antarctica lipase B. Furthermore, in a model biodiesel synthesis system, we demonstrate high reaction rates for the enzymatic transesterification of Miglyol(®) oil 812 with methanol, catalyzed by Novozym(®) 435 in choline acetate/glycerol (1:1.5 molar ratio). The high conversion (97%) of the triglyceride obtained within 3 h, under optimal conditions, suggests that these novel eutectic solvents warrant further exploration as potential media in the enzymatic production of biodiesel.	0
Abstract2class: L-Rhamnose-containing supramolecular nanofibrils as potential immunosuppressive materials Abstract: An l-rhamnose-based hydrogelator self-assembles to form nanofibrils, which, in contrast to the properties of monomeric l-rhamnose, suppress the antibody response of mice to phycoerythrin (PE), a fluorescent protein antigen. As the first example of the supramolecular assemblies of a saccharide to suppress immunity, this work illustrates a new approach of immunomodulation.	0
Abstract2class: Photoaffinity probes for nematode pheromone receptor identification Abstract: Identification of pheromone receptors plays a central role for uncovering signaling pathways that underlie chemical communication in animals. Here, we describe the synthesis and bioactivity of photoaffinity probes for the ascaroside ascr#8, a sex-pheromone of the model nematode, Caenorhabditis elegans. Structure-activity studies guided incorporation of alkyne- and diazirine-moieties and revealed that addition of functionality in the sidechain of ascr#8 was well tolerated, whereas modifications to the ascarylose moiety resulted in loss of biological activity. Our study will guide future probe design and provides a basis for pheromone receptor identification via photoaffinity labeling in C. elegans.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic tetra-acylated derivatives of lipid A from Porphyromonas gingivalis are antagonists of human TLR4 Abstract: Tetra-acylated lipid As derived from Porphyromonas gingivalis LPS have been synthesized using a key disaccharide intermediate functionalized with levulinate (Lev), allyloxycarbonate (Alloc) and anomeric dimethylthexylsilyl (TDS) as orthogonal protecting groups and 9-fluorenylmethoxycarbamate (Fmoc) and azido as amino protecting groups. Furthermore, an efficient cross-metathesis has been employed for the preparation of the unusual branched R-(3)-hydroxy-13-methyltetradecanic acid and (R)-3-hexadecanoyloxy-15-methylhexadecanoic acid of P. gingivalis lipid A. Biological studies have shown that the synthetic lipid As cannot activate human and mouse TLR2 and TLR4 to produce cytokines. However, it has been found that the compounds are potent antagonist of cytokine secretion by human monocytic cells induced by enteric LPS.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of geminal methyl groups on the tunnelling rates in the ring opening of cyclopropylcarbinyl radical at cryogenic temperature Abstract: CVT + SCT calculations on the rate of tunnelling at 20 K in the ring opening of cyclopropylcarbinyl radical, substituted with geminal methyl groups at a ring carbon (1b), have been performed. The calculations predict that, contrary to expectations based on the effect of mass on the rate of tunnelling, the geminal methyl substituents in 1b should make the rate of ring opening to 1,1-dimethyl-3-butenyl radical (2b) 10(4) times faster than the rate of ring opening of unsubstituted cyclopropylcarbinyl radical (1a) to 3-butenyl radical (2a) and almost 10(6) times faster than the rate of ring opening of 1b to 2,2-dimethyl-3-butenyl radical (2c). The reasons for these unexpected findings are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoenzymatic synthesis of unmodified heparin oligosaccharides: cleavage of p-nitrophenyl glucuronide by alkaline and Smith degradation Abstract: A heparin oligosaccharide having a completely natural structure was successfully synthesized through a chemoenzymatic approach using an unnatural glycosyl acceptor, p-nitrophenyl glucuronide (GlcA-pNP). The use of an inexpensive and commercially available GlcA-pNP acceptor facilitates oligosaccharide recovery and purification on C-18 resin during chemoenzymatic synthesis. Oligosaccharide chain extension and modification afforded a heptasaccharide with gluconic acid residues at its reducing and non-reducing ends. Treatment with periodate oxidation followed by Smith degradation or alkaline elimination resulted in the selective cleavage of vicinal diol-containing glucuronic acid residues affording highly sulfated heparin pentasaccharides having a completely natural structure. This methodology should facilitate the chemoenzymatic synthesis of a family of highly sulfated heparin oligosaccharides with unmodified structures for biological evaluation.	0
Abstract2class: Targeting folded RNA: a branched peptide boronic acid that binds to a large surface area of HIV-1 RRE RNA Abstract: On-bead high-throughput screening of a medium-sized (1000-2000 Da) branched peptide boronic acid (BPBA) library consisting of 46,656 unique sequences against HIV-1 RRE RNA generated peptides with binding affinities in the low micromolar range. In particular, BPBA1 had a K(d) of 1.4 μM with RRE IIB, preference for RNA over DNA (27 fold), and selectivity of up to >75 fold against a panel of RRE IIB variants. Structure-activity studies suggest that the boronic acid moiety and "branching" in peptides are key structural features for efficient binding and selectivity for the folded RNA target. BPBA1 was efficiently taken up by HeLa and A2780 cells. RNA-footprinting studies revealed that the BPBA1 binding site encompasses a large surface area that spans both the upper stem as well as the internal loop regions of RRE IIB.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of nitriles via palladium-catalyzed water shuffling from amides to acetonitrile Abstract: Palladium-catalyzed synthesis of nitriles from amides has been described. Two similar, but complementary reaction conditions have been identified to convert various amides including α,β,γ,δ-unsaturated amides, cinnamides, aromatic amides and alkyl amides to the corresponding nitriles in good to excellent yield.	0
Abstract2class: Discrimination of enantiomers of amides with two stereogenic centers enabled by chiral bisthiourea derivatives using 1H NMR spectroscopy Abstract: Enantiomers of a few new amides containing two stereogenic centers have been derived from d- and l-α-amino acids as guests for chiral recognition by 1H NMR spectroscopy. A variety of chiral amides with two or more stereogenic centers often exist in the products of catalytic asymmetric synthesis, natural products or their total synthetic products, and chiral drugs. It would be a challenging and meaningful work to explore their chiral recognition. For this purpose, a class of novel chiral bisthiourea derivatives 1-9 has been synthesized from (1S,2S)-(+)-1,2-diaminocyclohexane, d-α-amino acids, and isothiocyanates as chiral solvating agents (CSAs). CSAs 1-9 proved to afford better chiral discriminating results towards most amides with two stereogenic centers, which have been rarely studied as chiral substrates by 1H NMR spectroscopy. In particular, CSAs 7, 8 and 9, featuring 3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)benzene residues, exhibit outstanding chiral discriminating capabilities towards all amides, providing well-separated 1H NMR signals and sufficiently large nonequivalent chemical shifts. To test their practical application in the determination of enantiomeric excess, 1H NMR spectra of chiral amides (G16) with different optical purities were measured in the presence of CSAs 7 and 8, respectively. Their ee values (up to 90%) were accurately calculated by the integration of the NH proton of the CONHPh group of G16. To better understand the chiral discriminating behavior, Job plots of (±)-G16 with CSA 7 and (±)-G17 with CSA 8 and the association constants (Ka) of (S,R)-G16 and (R,S)-G16 with CSA 7 were evaluated, respectively. In order to further reveal any underlying intermolecular hydrogen bonding interactions, theoretical calculations of the enantiomers of (S,R)-G16 and (R,S)-G16 with CSA 7 were performed by means of the hybrid density functional theory (B3LYP) with the standard basis sets of 3-21G of the Gaussian 03 program, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Design, synthesis, and kinetic analysis of potent protein N-terminal methyltransferase 1 inhibitors Abstract: The protein N-terminal methyltransferase 1 (NTMT1) methylates the α-N-terminal amines of proteins. NTMT1 is upregulated in a variety of cancers and knockdown of NTMT1 results in cell mitotic defects. Therefore, NTMT1 inhibitors could be potential anticancer therapeutics. This study describes the design and synthesis of the first inhibitor targeting NTMT1. A novel bisubstrate analogue (NAM-TZ-SPKRIA) was shown to be a potent inhibitor (Ki = 0.20 μM) for NTMT1 and was selective versus protein lysine methyltransferase G9a and arginine methyltransferase 1. NAM-TZ-SPKRIA was found to exhibit a competitive inhibition pattern for both substrates, and mass spectrometry experiments revealed that the inhibitor substantially suppressed the methylation progression. Our results demonstrate the feasibility of using a triazole group to link an S-adenosyl-L-methionine analog with a peptide substrate to construct bisubstrate analogues as NTMT1 potent and selective inhibitors. This study lays a foundation to further discover small molecule NTMT1 inhibitors to interrogate its biological functions, and suggests a general strategy for the development of selective protein methyltransferase inhibitors.	0
Abstract2class: Highly selective fluorescence off-on probes for biothiols and imaging in live cells Abstract: Three sulfonyl benzothiazole-based fluorescent probes (, , and ) for the detection of biothiols (cysteine, homocysteine, and glutathione) are developed based on thiol-mediated nucleophilic aromatic substitutions. The probes exhibited good selectivity and sensitivity toward biothiols over other analytes. The probes were successfully applied for visualizing endogenous thiols in living cells.	0
Abstract2class: Novel photoactivatable substrates for Renilla luciferase imaging in vitro and in vivo Abstract: To develop a photoactivatable bioluminescence imaging technique, a set of high and efficient photoactivatable substrates for Renilla luciferase has been well designed and synthesized. Surprisingly, all of them could release the free luciferin that presented robust bioluminescent signals ex vivo and in living animals after UV irradiation at 365 nm.	0
Abstract2class: Acyclic CB[n]-type molecular containers: effect of solubilizing group on their function as solubilizing excipients Abstract: We report the synthesis and X-ray crystal structures of three acyclic CB[n]-type molecular containers (2a, 2h, 2f) that differ in the charge on their solubilizing groups (SO3(−), OH, NH3(+)). The X-ray crystal structures of compounds 2h and 2f reveal a self-folding of the ArOCH2CH2X wall into the cavity driven by π–π interactions, H-bonds and ion–dipole interactions. The need to reverse this self-folding phenomenon upon guest binding decreases the affinity of 2h and 2f toward cationic guests in water relative to 2a as revealed by direct (1)H NMR and UV/Vis titrations as well as UV/Vis competition experiments. We determined the pKa of 6-aminocoumarin 7 (pKa = 3.6) on its own and in the presence anionic, neutral, and cationic hosts (2a: pKa = 4.9; 2h: pKa = 4.1; 2f, pKa = 3.4) which reflect in part the relevance of direct ion–ion interactions between the arms of the host and the guest toward the recognition properties of acyclic CB[n]-type containers. Finally, we showed that the weaker binding affinities measured for neutral and positively charged hosts 2h and 2f compared to anionic 2a results in a decreased ability to act as solubilizing agents for either cationic (tamoxifen), neutral (17α-ethynylestradiol), or anionic (indomethacin) drugs in water. The results establish that acyclic CB[n] compounds that bear anionic solubilizing groups are most suitable for development as general purpose solubilizing excipients for insoluble pharmaceutical agents.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and pharmacological effects of the enantiomers of the N-phenethyl analogues of the ortho and para e- and f-oxide-bridged phenylmorphans Abstract: The N-phenethyl analogues of (1R*,4aR*,9aS*)-2-phenethyl-1,3,4,9a-tetrahydro-2H-1,4a-propanobenzofuro[2,3-c]pyridin-6-ol and 8-ol and (1R*,4aR*,9aR*)-2-phenethyl-1,3,4,9a-tetrahydro-2H-1,4a-propanobenzofuro[2.3-c]pyridin-6-ol and 8-ol, the ortho- (43) and para-hydroxy e- (20), and f-oxide-bridged 5-phenylmorphans (53 and 26) were prepared in racemic and enantiomerically pure forms from a common precursor, the quaternary salt 12. Optical resolutions were accomplished by salt formation with suitable enantiomerically pure chiral acids or by preparative HPLC on a chiral support. The N-phenethyl (-)- para-e enantiomer (1S,4aS,9aR-(-)-20) was found to be a mu-opioid agonist with morphine-like antinociceptive activity in a mouse assay. In contrast, the N-phenethyl (-)-ortho-f enantiomer (1R,4aR,9aR-(-)-53) had good affinity for the mu-opioid receptor (K(i) = 7 nM) and was found to be a mu-antagonist both in the [(35)S]GTP-gamma-S assay and in vivo. The molecular structures of these rigid enantiomers were energy minimized with density functional theory at the level B3LYP/6-31G* level, and then overlaid on a known potent mu-agonist. This superposition study suggests that the agonist activity of the oxide-bridged 5-phenylmorphans can be attributed to formation of a seven membered ring that is hypothesized to facilitate a proton transfer from the protonated nitrogen to a proton acceptor in the mu-opioid receptor.	0
Abstract2class: A combined experimental and theoretical study of the thermal cycloaddition of aryl azides with activated alkenes Abstract: Reactions were performed from aryl azides on the one hand, and activated alkenes coming from β-dicarbonyl compounds or malonodinitrile on the other hand, either with recourse to conventional heating or to microwave activation, to afford 1-aryl-1H-1,2,3-triazoles. The mechanism and the regioselectivity of the reactions involving β-dicarbonyl compounds have been theoretically studied using DFT methods at the B3LYP/6-31G* level: they are domino processes comprising a tautomeric equilibrium of the β-dicarbonyl compounds with their enol forms, a 1,3-dipolar cycloaddition of the enol forms with the aryl azides (high activation energy), and a dehydration process (lower activation energy). The effect of non-conventional activation methods on the degradation of 1,2,3-triazolines was next studied experimentally. Finally, some of the 1,2,3-triazoles such synthesized were evaluated for their bactericidal and cytotoxic activities.	0
Abstract2class: A theoretical study on NHC-catalysed enantioselective cycloaddition of ketenes and 3-aroylcoumarins: mechanism and enantioselectivity Abstract: NHC-catalysed enantioselective cycloaddition of ketenes to 3-aroylcoumarins to yield dihydrocoumarin-fused dihydropyranones has been investigated using DFT methods at the B3LYP/6-31G* and MPWB1K/6-311G** computational levels. Two plausible mechanisms have been studied: the "ketene-first" mechanism A and the "coumarin-first" mechanism B. An analysis of the activation Gibbs free energies involved in the two competitive pathways makes it possible to rule out the pathway associated with the "coumarin-first" mechanism B. The first step of the "ketene-first" mechanism A is the formation of zwitterionic intermediate IN1-Zvia a nucleophilic attack of NHC 1 on ketene 2. A [4 + 2] cycloaddition through the nucleophilic attack of enolate IN1-Z on the conjugated double bond of the benzoyl group of coumarin 3, viaTS3-SS-a2 or TS3-RR-a2, yields IN3. Finally, the extrusion of the catalyst through TS5 leads to the final products, either 4-SS or 4-RR. Enantioselectivity observed in the experimental results is determined in the transition states TS3-SS-a2/TS3-RR-a2. In this pathway, the intramolecular hydrogen-bonding between the hydroxyl group of the IN1-Z adduct and the carbonyl oxygen of the original ketene group directs the final stereochemistry throughout the entire process.	0
Abstract2class: Blue fluorescent dye-protein complexes based on fluorogenic cyanine dyes and single chain antibody fragments Abstract: Fluoromodules are complexes formed upon the noncovalent binding of a fluorogenic dye to its cognate biomolecular partner, which significantly enhances the fluorescence quantum yield of the dye. Previously, several single-chain, variable fragment (scFv) antibodies were selected from a yeast cell surface-displayed library that activated fluorescence from a family of unsymmetrical cyanine dyes covering much of the visible and near-IR spectrum. The current work expands our repertoire of genetically encodable scFv-dye pairs by selecting and characterizing a group of scFvs that activate fluorogenic violet-absorbing, blue-fluorescing cyanine dyes, based on oxazole and thiazole heterocycles. The dye binds to both yeast cell surface-displayed and soluble scFvs with low nanomolar K(d) values. These dye-protein fluoromodules exhibit high quantum yields, approaching unity for the brightest system. The promiscuity of these scFvs with other fluorogenic cyanine dyes was also examined. Fluorescence microscopy demonstrates that the yeast cell surface-displayed scFvs can be used for multicolor imaging. The prevalence of 405 nm lasers on confocal imaging and flow cytometry systems make these new reagents potentially valuable for cell biological studies.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis, radio-synthesis and in vitro evaluation of terminally fluorinated derivatives of HU-210 and HU-211 as novel candidate PET tracers Abstract: We report the synthesis of terminally fluorinated HU-210 and HU-211 analogues (HU-210F and HU-211F, respectively) and their biological evaluation as ligands of cannabinoid receptors (CB1 and CB2) and N-methyl d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR). [18F]-labelled HU-210F was radiosynthesised from the bromo-substituted precursor. In vitro assays showed that both HU-210F and HU-211F retain the potent pharmacological profile of HU-210 and HU-211, suggesting that [18F]-radiolabelled HU-210F and HU-211F could have potential as PET tracers for in vivo imaging.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of (2S)-2-amino-7,8-epoxyoctanoic acid and structure of its metal-bridging complex with human arginase I Abstract: The synthesis of (2S)-2-amino-7,8-epoxyoctanoic acid is reported along with the X-ray crystal structure of its complex with human arginase I, revealing unique coordination interactions with two manganese ions in the enzyme active site.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a carbon-11 PET radiotracer for imaging TRPC5 in the brain Abstract: The transient receptor potential channel subfamily member 5 (TRPC5) is a calcium permeable cation channel widely expressed in the brain. Accumulating evidence indicates that it plays a crucial role in psychiatric disorders including depression and anxiety. Positron emission tomography (PET) combined with a TRPC5 specific radioligand may provide a unique tool to investigate the functions of TRPC5 in animal disease models to guide drug development targeting TRPC5. To develop a TRPC5 PET radiotracer, the potent TRPC5 inhibitor HC608 was chosen for C-11 radiosynthesis through the N-demethyl amide precursor 7 reacting with [11C]methyl iodide. Under optimized conditions, [11C]HC608 was achieved with good radiochemical yield (25 ± 5%), high chemical and radiochemical purity (>99%), and high specific activity (204-377 GBq μmol-1, decay corrected to the end of bombardment, EOB). The in vitro autoradiography study revealed that [11C]HC608 specifically binds to TRPC5. Moreover, initial in vivo evaluation of [11C]HC608 performed in rodents and the microPET study in the brain of non-human primates further demonstrated that [11C]HC608 was able to penetrate the blood brain barrier and sufficiently accumulate in the brain. These results suggest that [11C]HC608 has the potential to be a PET tracer for imaging TRPC5 in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of 2-arylindole derivatives and evaluation as nitric oxide synthase and NFκB inhibitors Abstract: Development of small molecule drug-like inhibitors blocking both nitric oxide synthase and NFκB could offer a synergistic therapeutic approach in the prevention and treatment of inflammation and cancer. During the course of evaluating the biological potential of a commercial compound library, 2-phenylindole (1) displayed inhibitory activity against nitrite production and NFκB with IC(50) values of 38.1 ± 1.8 and 25.4 ± 2.1 μM, respectively. Based on this lead, synthesis and systematic optimization have been undertaken in an effort to find novel and more potent nitric oxide synthase and NFκB inhibitors with antiinflammatory and cancer preventive potential. First, chemical derivatizations of 1 and 2-phenylindole-3-carboxaldehyde (4) were performed to generate a panel of N-alkylated indoles and 3-oxime derivatives 2–7. Second, a series of diversified 2-arylindole derivatives (10) were synthesized from an array of substituted 2-iodoanilines (8) and terminal alkynes (9) by applying a one-pot palladium catalyzed Sonogashira-type alkynylation and base-assisted cycloaddition. Subsequent biological evaluations revealed 3-carboxaldehyde oxime and cyano substituted 2-phenylindoles 5 and 7 exhibited the strongest nitrite inhibitory activities (IC(50) = 4.4 ± 0.5 and 4.8 ± 0.4 μM, respectively); as well as NFκB inhibition (IC(50) = 6.9 ± 0.8 and 8.5 ± 2.0 μM, respectively). In addition, the 6′-MeO-naphthalen-2′-yl indole derivative 10at displayed excellent inhibitory activity against NFκB with an IC(50) value of 0.6 ± 0.2 μM.	0
Abstract2class: Hybrid phase ligation for efficient synthesis of histone proteins Abstract: We introduce a hybrid solid-solution phase ligation approach that combines the efficiency of solid phase ligation with solution phase ligation in the total synthesis of modified histone proteins. A two linker strategy allows analysis throughout work on the solid phase and maximizes yields through cleavage at an external Rink, while an internal HMBA linker allows the native carboxyl terminus for any protein sequence. We demonstrate this approach for two histone proteins: triple-acetylated H4-K5ac, K12ac, K91ac and CENP-A-K124ac.	0
Abstract2class: Streamlined chemoenzymatic total synthesis of prioritized ganglioside cancer antigens Abstract: A highly efficient streamlined chemoenzymatic strategy for total synthesis of four prioritized ganglioside cancer antigens GD2, GD3, fucosyl GM1, and GM3 from commercially available lactose and phytosphingosine is demonstrated. Lactosyl sphingosine (LacβSph) was chemically synthesized (on a 13 g scale), subjected to sequential one-pot multienzyme (OPME) glycosylation reactions with facile C18-cartridge purification, followed by improved acylation conditions to form target gangliosides, including fucosyl GM1 which has never been synthesized before.	0
Abstract2class: Effective one-pot multienzyme (OPME) synthesis of monotreme milk oligosaccharides and other sialosides containing 4-O-acetyl sialic acid Abstract: A facile one-pot two-enzyme chemoenzymatic approach has been established for the gram (Neu4,5Ac2α3Lac, 1.33 g) and preparative scale (Neu4,5Ac2α3LNnT) synthesis of monotreme milk oligosaccharides. Other O-acetyl-5-N-acetylneuraminic acid (Neu4,5Ac2)- or 4-O-acetyl-5-N-glycolylneuraminic acid (Neu4Ac5Gc) -containing α2-3-sialosides have also been synthesized in the preparative scale. Used as an effective probe, Neu4,5Ac2α3GalβpNP was found to be a suitable substrate by human influenza A viruses but not bacterial sialidases.	0
Abstract2class: One-pot multienzyme (OPME) systems for chemoenzymatic synthesis of carbohydrates Abstract: Glycosyltransferase-catalyzed enzymatic and chemoenzymatic syntheses are powerful approaches for the production of oligosaccharides, polysaccharides, glycoconjugates, and their derivatives. Enzymes involved in the biosynthesis of sugar nucleotide donors can be combined with glycosyltransferases in one pot for efficient production of the target glycans from simple monosaccharides and acceptors. The identification of enzymes involved in the salvage pathway of sugar nucleotide generation has greatly facilitated the development of simplified and efficient one-pot multienzyme (OPME) systems for synthesizing major glycan epitopes in mammalian glycomes. The applications of OPME methods are steadily gaining popularity mainly due to the increasing availability of wild-type and engineered enzymes. Substrate promiscuity of these enzymes and their mutants allows OPME synthesis of carbohydrates with naturally occurring post-glycosylational modifications (PGMs) and their non-natural derivatives using modified monosaccharides as precursors. The OPME systems can be applied in sequence for synthesizing complex carbohydrates. The sequence of the sequential OPME processes, the glycosyltransferase used, and the substrate specificities of the glycosyltransferases define the structures of the products. The OPME and sequential OPME strategies can be extended to diverse glycans in other glycomes when suitable enzymes with substrate promiscuity become available. This Perspective summarizes the work of the authors and collaborators on the development of glycosyltransferase-based OPME systems for carbohydrate synthesis. Future directions are also discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient chemoenzymatic synthesis of biotinylated human serum albumin-sialoglycoside conjugates containing O-acetylated sialic acids Abstract: Sialyl Tn (STn) and sialyl lactoside derivatives containing O-acetylated sialic acid residues have been chemoenzymatically synthesized using a one-pot three-enzyme system and conjugated to biotinylated human serum albumin (HSA) using an adipic acid para-nitrophenyl ester coupling reagent. This approach provides an efficient and general protocol for preparing carbohydrate-protein conjugates containing base-sensitive groups.	0
Abstract2class: Carbohydrate post-glycosylational modifications Abstract: Carbohydrate modification is a common phenomenon in nature. Many carbohydrate modifications such as some epimerization, O-acetylation, O-sulfation, O-methylation, N-deacetylation, and N-sulfation, take place after the formation of oligosaccharide or polysaccharide backbones. These modifications can be categorized as carbohydrate post-glycosylational modifications (PGMs). Carbohydrate PGMs further extend the complexity of the structures and the synthesis of carbohydrates and glycoconjugates. They also increase the capacity of the biological regulation that is achieved by finely tuning the structures of carbohydrates. Developing efficient methods to obtain structurally defined naturally occurring oligosaccharides, polysaccharides, and glycoconjugates with carbohydrate PGMs is essential for understanding the biological significance of carbohydrate PGMs. Combined with high-throughput screening methods, synthetic carbohydrates with PGMs are invaluable probes in structure-activity relationship studies. We illustrate here several classes of carbohydrates with PGMs and their applications. Recent progress in chemical, enzymatic, and chemoenzymatic syntheses of these carbohydrates and their derivatives are also presented.	0
Abstract2class: G-quadruplexes as versatile scaffolds for catalysis Abstract: DNA is receiving attention as a useful biomaterial in a broad range of research fields beyond its classical role as a biopolymer for storage and delivery of genetic information. Based on its chemical and thermal stability and easy accessibility, a series of DNA-based hybrid catalysts have been developed and successfully applied to various asymmetric reactions in water. Besides the canonical Watson-Crick duplex, the G-quadruplex structure has been actively exploited as horseradish-peroxidase (HRP)-mimicking DNAzymes via specific complexation with hemin. G-quadruplexes also provide a fascinating scaffold to develop a switchable catalytic system. This review summarizes the beginning, progress, and prospects of the noncanonical DNA-based hybrid catalysts, focusing on the G-quadruplexes as versatile scaffolds for catalysis.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis, resolution, and in vitro evaluation of three vesicular acetylcholine transporter ligands and evaluation of the lead fluorine-18 radioligand in a nonhuman primate Abstract: The vesicular acetylcholine transporter (VAChT) is a reliable biomarker for assessing cholinergic dysfunction associated with dementia. We recently reported three new potent and selective carbon-11 labeled VAChT radiotracers. Herein, we report the resolution with a Chiralcel OD column of three additional fluorine containing VAChT ligands in which a fluoroethoxy or fluoroethylamino moiety was substituted for the methoxy group. An in vitro competitive binding assay showed that (-)-7 had high potency for VAChT (Ki-VAChT = 0.31 ± 0.03 nM) and excellent selectivity for VAChT versus σ receptors (Ki-σ1 = 1870 ± 250 nM, Ki-σ2 = 5480 ± 140 nM). Three different radiolabeling approaches were explored; the radiosynthesis of (-)-[18F]7 was successfully accomplished via a stepwise two-pot, three-step method with moderate yield (11 ± 2%) and high radiochemical purity (>98%). PET imaging studies in a nonhuman primate indicated that (-)-[18F]7 rapidly entered the brain and accumulated in the VAChT-enriched striatum. The uptake of (-)-[18F]7 in the target striatal area peaked at 10 min and displayed improved clearance kinetics compared to the VAChT tracer [18F]VAT, which has been approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for first-in-man studies. These studies justify further investigation of (-)-[18F]7 and exploration of the structure-activity relationships of these fluoroethoxy and fluoroethylamino analogs.	0
Abstract2class: An endopolygalacturonase from Sclerotinia sclerotiorum induces calcium-mediated signaling and programmed cell death in soybean cells Abstract: A basic endopolygalacturonase (PG) isoform, produced early by Sclerotinia sclerotiorum when infecting soybean seedlings, was used to examine the signaling role of the enzyme in aequorin-expressing soybean cells. A cytosolic Ca2+ elevation was induced, with a rapid increase (phase 1) and a very slow decrease (phase 2) of Ca2+ concentration, indicating the involvement of Ca2+ ions in PG signaling. Within 1 h of PG-cell contact a remarkable level of cell death was recorded, significantly higher than the control cell culture turnover. The observed morphological and biochemical changes were indicative of the activation of programmed cell death; in particular, cytochrome c release in the cytoplasm and activation of both caspase 9-like and caspase 3-like proteases were found. When a polygalacturonase-inhibiting protein (PGIP) and the PG were simultaneously applied to cells, both the Ca2+ increase and cell death were annulled. The possible roles of prolonged sustained cytosolic Ca2+ concentrations in inducing cell death and of the PG-PGIP interaction in preventing PG signaling are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: ngl9: a third MADS box gene expressed in alfalfa root nodules Abstract: Expression of MADS box genes has previously been localized to the infected cells of alfalfa (Medicago sativa) root nodules. These genes represent the first putative transcription factors to be identified in nodules and are hypothesized to be involved in a signal transduction pathway initiated by the intracellular bacterium. The eventual activation of specific target genes defines pertinent characteristics of this nitrogen-fixing differentiated cell. In this study, we identify a third nodule MADS box gene, ngl9, and demonstrate that the DNA-binding activity of its protein product is dependent on the presence of a second MADS box protein, NMH7. Despite previous results to the contrary, both genes are expressed in the early stages of flower development, further strengthening the premise that nodule developmental programming may capitalize upon existing developmental cascades.	0
Abstract2class: GacS sensor domains pertinent to the regulation of exoproduct formation and to the biocontrol potential of Pseudomonas fluorescens CHA0 Abstract: In the root-colonizing biocontrol strain CHA0 of Pseudomonas fluorescens, cell density-dependent synthesis of extracellular, plant-beneficial secondary metabolites and enzymes is positively regulated by the GacS/GacA two-component system. Mutational analysis of the GacS sensor kinase using improved single-copy vectors showed that inactivation of each of the three conserved phosphate acceptor sites caused an exoproduct null phenotype (GacS-), whereas deletion of the periplasmic loop domain had no significant effect on the expression of exoproduct genes. Strain CHA0 is known to synthesize a solvent-extractable extracellular signal that advances and enhances the expression of exoproduct genes during the transition from exponential to stationary growth phase when maximal exoproduct formation occurs. Mutational inactivation of either GacS or its cognate response regulator GacA abolished the strain's response to added signal. Deletion of the linker domain of the GacS sensor kinase caused signal-independent, strongly elevated expression of exoproduct genes at low cell densities. In contrast to the wild-type strain CHA0, the gacS linker mutant and a gacS null mutant were unable to protect tomato plants from crown and root rot caused by Fusarium oxysporum f. sp. radicis-lycopersici in a soil-less microcosm, indicating that, at least in this plant-pathogen system, there is no advantage in using a signal-independent biocontrol strain.	0
Abstract2class: Expression profiling soybean response to Pseudomonas syringae reveals new defense-related genes and rapid HR-specific downregulation of photosynthesis Abstract: Transcript profiling during susceptible (S) and hypersensitive response-associated resistance (R) interactions was determined in soybean (Glycine max). Pseudomonas syringae pv. glycinea carrying or lacking the avirulence gene avrB, was infiltrated into cultivar Williams 82. Leaf RNA was sampled at 2, 8, and 24 h postinoculation (hpi). Significant changes in transcript abundance were observed for 3,897 genes during the experiment at P < or = 0.000005. Many of the genes showed a similar direction of increase or decrease in abundance in both the S and R responses, but the R response generally showed a significantly greater degree of differential expression. More than 25% of these responsive genes had not been previously reported as being associated with pathogen interactions, as 704 had no functional annotation and 378 had no homolog in National Center for Biotechnology Information databases. The highest number of transcriptional changes was noted at 8 hpi, including the downregulation of 94 chloroplast-associated genes specific to the R response. Photosynthetic measurements were consistent with an R-specific reduction in photosystem II operating efficiency (phiPSII) that was apparent at 8 hpi for the R response with little effect in the S or control treatments. Imaging analyses suggest that the decreased phiPSII was a result of physical damage to PSII reaction centers.	0
Abstract2class: Induction of lateral root structure formation on petunia roots: A novel effect of GMI1000 Ralstonia solanacearum infection impaired in Hrp mutants Abstract: Ralstonia solanacearum is a soilborne plant pathogen that invades its host via roots. As in many gram-negative bacterial plant pathogens, the R. solanacearum Hrp type III secretion system is essential for interactions of the bacterium with plants; however, the related mechanisms involved in disease expression are largely unknown. In this work, we examined the effects of infection by R. solanacearum GMI1000 and Hrp mutants on the root system of petunia plants. Both the wild-type and mutant strains disturbed the petunia root architecture development by inhibiting lateral root elongation and provoking swelling of the root tips. In addition, GMI100 but not the Hrp mutants induced the formation of new root lateral structures (RLS). This ability is shared by other, but not all, R. solanacearum strains tested. Like lateral roots, these new structures arise from divisions of pericycle founder cells which, nevertheless, exhibit an abnormal morphology. These RLS are efficient colonization sites allowing extensive bacterial multiplication. However, they are not required for the bacterial vascular invasion that leads to the systemic spread of the bacterium through the whole plant, indicating that, instead, they might play a role in the rhizosphere-related stages of the R. solanacearum life cycle.	0
Abstract2class: AvrXa10 contains an acidic transcriptional activation domain in the functionally conserved C terminus Abstract: The avrXa10 gene of Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae, the causal agent of bacterial blight of rice, is a member of the avrBs3 avirulence gene family and directs the elicitation of resistance in a gene-for-gene manner on rice lines carrying the resistance gene Xa10. The carboxyl (C) terminus of AvrXa10 has a previously undescribed domain that is structurally similar to the acidic activation domain of many eukaryotic transcription factors in addition to three nuclear localization signal (NLS) sequences. Removal of the C-terminal 38 codons containing the putative activation domain, but retaining the NLS sequences, was concomitant with the loss of avirulence activity. The C-terminal coding regions of avrBs3 and avrXa7 can be replaced by the corresponding region of avrXa10, and the genes retained specificity for the resistance genes Bs3 in pepper and Xa7 in rice, respectively. The avrBs3 and avrXa7 avirulence activities of the hybrid genes were also lost upon removal of the terminal 38 codons. When fused to the coding sequence of the Gal4 DNA binding domain, AvrXa10 activated transcription in yeast and Arabidopsis thaliana. Removal of the carboxyl region severely reduced transcriptional activation. AvrXa10 would have to be localized to the host cell nucleus to function autonomously in transcriptional activation. Consistent with this requirement, mutations in all three NLS sequences of avrXa10 caused a loss in avirulence activity. The findings demonstrate the requirement of the C terminus for AvrXa10 function and the potential for the members of this family of avirulence gene products to enter the host nucleus and alter host transcription.	0
Abstract2class: Hessian fly (Mayetiola destructor) attack causes a dramatic shift in carbon and nitrogen metabolism in wheat Abstract: Carbon and nitrogen (C/N) metabolism and allocation within the plant have important implications for plant-parasite interactions. Many plant parasites manipulate the host by inducing C/N changes that benefit their own survival and growth. Plant resistance can prevent this parasite manipulation. We used the wheat-Hessian fly (Mayetiola destructor) system to analyze C/N changes in plants during compatible and incompatible interactions. The Hessian fly is an insect but shares many features with plant pathogens, being sessile during feeding stages and having avirulence (Avr) genes that match plant resistance genes in gene-for-gene relationships. Many wheat genes involved in C/N metabolism were differentially regulated in plants during compatible and incompatible interactions. In plants during compatible interactions, the content of free carbon-containing compounds decreased 36%, whereas the content of free nitrogen-containing compounds increased 46%. This C/N shift was likely achieved through a coordinated regulation of genes in a number of central metabolic pathways, including glycolysis, the tricarboxylic acid cycle, and amino-acid synthesis. Our data on plants during compatible interactions support recent findings that Hessian fly larvae create nutritive cells at feeding (attack) sites and manipulate host plants to enhance their own survival and growth. In plants during incompatible interactions, most of the metabolic genes examined were not affected or down-regulated.	0
Abstract2class: Phylogeny and genomic organization of the TIR and non-tIR NBS-LRR resistance gene family in Medicago truncatula Abstract: Sequences homologous to the nucleotide binding site (NBS) domain of NBS-leucine-rich repeat (LRR) resistance genes were retrieved from the model legume M. truncatula through several methods. Phylogenetic analysis classified these sequences into TIR (toll and interleukin-1 receptor) and non-TIR NBS subfamilies and further subclassified them into several well-defined clades within each subfamily. Comparison of M. truncatula NBS sequences with those from several closely related legumes, including members of the tribes Trifoleae, Viceae, and Phaseoleae, reveals that most clades contain sequences from multiple legume species. Moreover, sequences from species within the closely related Trifoleae and Viceae tribes (e.g., Medicago and Pisum spp.) tended to be cophyletic and distinct from sequences of Phaseoleae species (e.g., soybean and bean). These results suggest that the origin of major clades within the NBS-LRR family predate radiation of these Papilionoid legumes, while continued diversification of these sequences mirrors speciation within this legume subfamily. Detailed genetic and physical mapping of both TIR and non-TIR NBS sequences in M. truncatula reveals that most NBS sequences are organized into clusters, and few, if any, clusters contain both TIR and non-TIR sequences. Examples were found, however, of physical clusters that contain sequences from distinct phylogenetic clades within the TIR or non-TIR subfamilies. Comparative mapping reveals several blocks of resistance gene loci that are syntenic between M. truncatula and soybean and between M. truncatula and pea.	0
Abstract2class: The pea Sym37 receptor kinase gene controls infection-thread initiation and nodule development Abstract: Phenotypic characterization of pea symbiotic mutants has provided a detailed description of the symbiosis with Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae strains. We show here that two allelic non-nodulating pea mutants, RisNod4 and K24, are affected in the PsSym37 gene, encoding a LysM receptor kinase similar to Lotus japonicus NFR1 and Medicago truncatula LYK3. Phenotypic analysis of RisNod4 and K24 suggests a role for the SYM37 in regulation of infection-thread initiation and nodule development from cortical-cell division foci. We show that RisNod4 plants carrying an L to F substitution in the LysM1 domain display a restrictive symbiotic phenotype comparable to the PsSym2(A) lines that distinguish 'European' and 'Middle East' Rhizobium leguminosarum bv. viciae strains. RisNod4 mutants develop nodules only in the presence of a 'Middle East' Rhizobium strain producing O-acetylated Nod factors indicating the SYM37 involvement in Nod-factor recognition. Along with the PsSym37, a homologous LysM receptor kinase gene, PsK1, was isolated and characterized. We show that PsK1 and PsSym37 are genetically linked to each other and to the PsSym2 locus. Allelic complementation analyses and sequencing of the extracellular regions of PsSym37 and PsK1 in several 'European' and 'Afghan' pea cultivars point towards PsK1 as possible candidate for the elusive PsSym2 gene.	0
Abstract2class: Conidiophore stalk-less1 encodes a putative zinc-finger protein involved in the early stage of conidiation and mycelial infection in Magnaporthe oryzae Abstract: Over recent decades, many pathogenicity genes of Magnaporthe oryzae have been identified but only a very limited number of genes have been identified that encode components of the conidiogenesis pathway. We report here a T-DNA insertional mutant that completely lost conidiation ability. Further investigation revealed that this mutant did not develop any conidiophore, and that the T-DNA was integrated into an annotated gene designated as conidiophore stalk-less1 or COS1. Complementation experiments suggested that COS1 may be a determinant of conidiation. Sequence analysis revealed that COS1 putatively encodes a 491-amino-acid zinc-finger protein and the protein was revealed localized to nucleus. Reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR)-based expression analysis indicated that two homologues of conidiophore-related genes were affected by the cos1 mutation, suggesting that Cos1 may function as a transcriptional regulator controlling genes responsible for conidiation. Inoculations of rice roots and wounded leaves with mycelia suggested that COS1 is not required for pathogenicity. Moreover, mutation of COS1 may aggravate infection of wounded leaves. Interestingly, different from the wild-type strain, mycelia of the cos1 mutant successfully infected host cells and caused visible symptoms on unwounded leaf blades and sheaths, indicating that Cos1 may have a role in some unknown mechanism of mycelial infection of M. oryzae.	0
Abstract2class: The N-terminus of the Begomovirus nuclear shuttle protein (BV1) determines virulence or avirulence in Phaseolus vulgaris Abstract: The BV1 gene of the bipartite Begomovirus genome encodes a nuclear shuttle protein (NSP) that is also an avirulence determinant in common bean. The function of the NSP of two common bean-infecting bipartite begomoviruses, Bean dwarf mosaic virus (BDMV) and Bean golden yellow mosaic virus (BGYMV), was investigated using a series of hybrid DNA-B components expressing chimeric BDMV and BGYMV NSP, and genotypes of the two major common bean gene pools: Andean (cv. Topcrop) and Middle American (cvs. Alpine and UI 114). BDMV DNA-A coinoculated with HBDBG4 (BDMV DNA-B expressing the BGYMV NSP) and HBDBG9 (BDMV DNA-B expressing a chimeric NSP with the N-terminal 1 to 42 amino acids from BGYMV) overcame the BDMV resistance of UI 114. This established that the BDMV NSP is an avirulence determinant in UI 114, and mapped the domain involved in this response to the N-terminus, which is a variable surface-exposed region. BDMV DNA-A coinoculated with HBDBG10, expressing a chimeric NSP with amino acids 43 to 92 from BGYMV, was not infectious, revealing an essential virus-specific domain. In the BGYMV background, the BDMV NSP was a virulence factor in the Andean cv. Topcrop, whereas it was an avirulence factor in the Middle American cultivars, particularly in the absence of the BGYMV NSP. The capsid protein (CP) also played a gene pool-specific role in viral infectivity; it was dispensable for infectivity in the Andean cv. Topcrop, but was required for infectivity of BDMV, BGYMV, and certain hybrid viruses in the Middle American cultivars. Redundancy of the CP and NSP, which are nuclear proteins involved directly or indirectly in viral movement, provides a masking effect that may allow the virus to avoid host defense responses.	0
Abstract2class: Hibiscus chlorotic ringspot virus p27 and its isoforms affect symptom expression and potentiate virus movement in kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.) Abstract: Hibiscus chlorotic ringspot virus (HCRSV), a member of the genus Carmovirus, encodes p27 (27-kDa protein) and two other in-frame isoforms (p25 and p22.5) that are coterminal at the carboxyl end. Only p27, which initiates at the 2570CUG codon, was detected in transfected kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.) protoplasts through fusion to a Flag tag at either its N or C terminus. Subcellular localization of a p27-green fluorescent fusion protein in kenaf epidermal cells showed that it was localized to membrane structures close to cell walls. To study the functions of these proteins, a number of start codon mutants and premature translation termination mutants were constructed. Phenotypic differences were observed between the wild-type virus and these mutants during infection. Infectivity assays on plants indicated that p27 is a determinant of symptom severity. Without p25, appearance of symptoms on systemically infected kenaf leaves was delayed by 4 to 8 days. In a timecourse analysis, Western blot assays revealed that the delay corresponded to retardation in virus systemic movement, which suggested that p25 is probably involved in virus systemic movement. Mutations disrupting expression of p22.5 did not affect symptoms or virus movement.	0
Abstract2class: A novel multidomain polyketide synthase is essential for zeamine production and the virulence of Dickeya zeae Abstract: Dickeya zeae is the causal agent of the rice foot rot disease, but its mechanism of infection remains largely unknown. In this study, we identified and characterized a novel gene designated as zmsA. The gene encodes a large protein of 2,346 amino acids in length, which consists of multidomains arranged in the order of N-terminus, β-ketoacyl synthase, acyl transferase, acyl carrier protein, β-ketoacyl reductase, dehydratase. This multidomain structure and sequence alignment analysis suggest that ZmsA is a member of the polyketide synthase family. Mutation of zmsA abolished antimicrobial activity and attenuated the virulence of D. zeae. To determine the relationship between antimicrobial activity and virulence, active compounds were purified from D. zeae EC1 and were structurally characterized. This led to identification of two polyamino compounds, i.e., zeamine and zeamine II, that were phytotoxins and potent antibiotics. These results have established the essential role of ZmsA in zeamine biosynthesis and presented a new insight on the molecular mechanisms of D. zeae pathogenicity.	0
Abstract2class: NPR1 differentially interacts with members of the TGA/OBF family of transcription factors that bind an element of the PR-1 gene required for induction by salicylic acid Abstract: NPR1 is a critical component of the salicylic acid (SA)-mediated signal transduction pathway leading to the induction of defense genes, such as the pathogenesis-related (PR)-1 gene, and enhanced disease resistance. Using a yeast two-hybrid screen, we identified several NPR1-interacting proteins (NIPs). Two of these NIPs are members of the TGA/OBF family of basic leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factors; this family has been implicated in the activation of SA-responsive genes, including PR-1. Six TGA family members were tested and shown to differentially interact with NPR1: TGA2 and TGA3 showed strong affinity for NPR1; TGA5 and TGA6 exhibited weaker affinity; and TGA1 and TGA4 displayed little or no detectable interaction with NPR1, respectively. Interestingly, the amino-termini of these factors were found to decrease their stability in yeast and differentially affect their apparent affinity toward NPR1. The interacting regions on NPR1 and the TGA factors were also defined. Each of four point mutations in NPR1 that disrupt SA signaling in Arabidopsis completely blocked interaction of NPR1 with TGA2 and TGA3. TGA2 and TGA3 were also found to bind the SA-responsive element of the Arabidopsis PR-1 promoter. These results directly link NPR1 to SA-induced PR-1 expression through members of the TGA family of transcription factors.	0
Abstract2class: Allelic variants of the Pseudomonas syringae type III effector HopZ1 are differentially recognized by plant resistance systems Abstract: The bacterial plant pathogen Pseudomonas syringae depends on the type III secretion system and type III-secreted effectors to cause disease in plants. HopZ is a diverse family of type III effectors widely distributed in P. syringae isolates. Among the HopZ homologs, HopZ1 is ancient to P. syringae and has been shown to be under strong positive selection driven by plant resistance-imposed selective pressure. Here, we characterized the virulence and avirulence functions of the three HopZ1 alleles in soybean and Nicotiana benthamiana. In soybean, HopZ1 alleles have distinct functions: HopZ1a triggers defense response, HopZ1b promotes bacterial growth, and HopZ1c has no observable effect. In N. benthamiana, HopZ1a and HopZ1b both induce plant defense responses. However, they appear to trigger different resistance pathways, evidenced by two major differences between HopZ1a- and HopZ1b-triggered hypersensitive response (HR): i) the putative N-acylation sites had no effect on HopZ1a-triggered cell death, whereas it greatly enhanced HopZ1b-triggered cell death; and ii) the HopZ1b-triggered HR, but not the HopZ1a-triggered HR, was suppressed by another HopZ homolog, HopZ3. We previously demonstrated that HopZ1a most resembled the ancestral allelic form of HopZ1; therefore, this new evidence suggested that differentiated resistance systems have evolved in plant hosts to adapt to HopZ1 diversification in P. syringae.	0
Abstract2class: The Arabidopsis gain-of-function mutant ssi4 requires RAR1 and SGT1b differentially for defense activation and morphological alterations Abstract: A gain-of-function mutation in resistance (R) gene SSI4 causes constitutive activation of defense responses, spontaneous necrotic lesion formation, enhanced resistance against virulent pathogens, and a severe dwarf phenotype. Genetic analysis revealed that ssi4-induced H(2)O(2) accumulation and spontaneous cell death require RAR1, whereas ssi4-mediated stunting is dependent on SGT1b. By contrast, both RAR1 and SGT1b are required in a genetically additive manner for ssi4-induced disease resistance, SA accumulation, and lesion formation after pathogen infection. These data point to cooperative yet distinct functions of RAR1 and SGT1b in responses conditioned by a deregulated nucleotide-binding leucine-rich repeat protein. We also found that RAR1 and SGT1b together contribute to basal resistance because an ssi4 rar1 sgt1b triple mutant exhibited enhanced susceptibility to virulent pathogen infection compared with wild-type SSI4 plants. All ssi4-induced phenotypes were suppressed when plants were grown at 22 degrees C under high relative humidity. However, low temperature (16 degrees C) triggered ssi4-mediated cell death via an RAR1-dependent pathway even in the presence of high humidity. Thus, multiple environmental factors impact on ssi4 signaling, as has been observed for other constitutive defense mutants and R gene-triggered pathways.	0
Abstract2class: The genomic dynamics and evolutionary mechanism of the Pi2/9 locus in rice Abstract: The Pi2/9 locus contains at least four resistance specificities to Magnaporthe grisea and belongs to a gene complex comprised of multiple genes that encode highly homologous nucleotide binding site (NBS) and leucine rich repeat (LRR) proteins. To investigate the genetic events involved in the evolution of the Pi2/9 locus, we analyzed the Pi2/9 locus at the inter- and intralocus levels in five rice cultivars. The NBS-LRR genes in the five cultivars belong to the same phylogenetic clade among rice NBS-LRR genes, and all have a phase-2 intron at the N-terminus. However, the paralogs within each haplotype show a significant sequence divergence and their N-terminal intron and 5' regulatory regions are very different. On the contrary, the orthologs from different haplotypes are highly similar, indicating an obvious orthologous relationship has been maintained during the evolution of the Pi2/9 locus. These results suggest that sequence diversification in the 5' regulatory regions and N-terminal introns of the paralogs may have led to suppression of meiotic recombination between the paralogs within each haplotype, facilitating the maintenance of the orthologous relationship among rice cultivars. Our observations provide valuable insight into the genomic dynamics and evolutionary mechanism of an NBS-LRR resistance-gene complex in rice.	0
Abstract2class: The eight amino-acid differences within three leucine-rich repeats between Pi2 and Piz-t resistance proteins determine the resistance specificity to Magnaporthe grisea Abstract: The rice blast resistance (R) genes Pi2 and Piz-t confer broad-spectrum resistance against different sets of Magnaporthe grisea isolates. We first identified the Pi2 gene using a map-based cloning strategy. The Pi2 gene is a member of a gene cluster comprising nine gene members (named Nbs1-Pi2 to Nbs9-Pi2) and encodes a protein with a nucleotide-binding site and leucine-rich repeat (LRR) domain. Fine genetic mapping, molecular characterization of the Pi2 susceptible mutants, and complementation tests indicated that Nbs4-Pi2 is the Pi2 gene. The Piz-t gene, a Pi2 allele in the rice cultivar Toride 1, was isolated based on the Pi2 sequence information. Complementation tests confirmed that the family member Nbs4-Piz-t is Piz-t. Sequence comparison revealed that only eight amino-acid changes, which are confined within three consecutive LRR, differentiate Piz-t from Pi2. Of the eight variants, only one locates within the xxLxLxx motif. A reciprocal exchange of the single amino acid between Pi2 and Piz-t did not convert the resistance specificity to each other but, rather, abolished the function of both resistance proteins. These results indicate that the single amino acid in the xxLxLxx motif may be critical for maintaining the recognition surface of Pi2 and Piz-t to their respective avirulence proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Integrity of nonviral fragments in recombinant Tomato bushy stunt virus and defective interfering RNA is influenced by silencing and the type of inserts Abstract: Recombinant plant viruses have the propensity to remove foreign inserts during replication. This process is virus-specific and occurs in a host-dependent manner. In the present study, we investigated the integrity of foreign inserts in recombinant plant viruses using a model system consisting of Tomato bushy stunt virus (TBSV) and its defective interfering RNA (DI). These were tested in Nicotiana benthamiana plants that were either wild type or transgenic for the green fluorescent protein (GFP) gene. GFP-derived inserts were retained in the recombinant TBSV and DI population that were inoculated onto GFP-transgenic N. benthamiana plants in which silencing of the GFP transgene was initiated, but they were removed from the virus and DIs that were maintained on wild-type plants. A foreign insert derived from an endogenous N. benthamiana gene encoding the H subunit of the magnesium chelatase (NbChlH) was deleted, whereas the fragment of an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase gene (NbRdRP1m) was retained in the recombinant TBSV population. These results demonstrate that the recombination of TBSV to remove nonviral fragments is influenced by silencing and the type of inserts.	0
Abstract2class: A molecular genetic map and electrophoretic karyotype of the plant pathogenic fungus Cochliobolus sativus Abstract: A molecular genetic map was constructed and an electrophoretic karyotype was resolved for Cochliobolus sativus, the causal agent of spot blotch of barley and wheat. The genetic map consists of 27 linkage groups with 97 amplified fragment length polymorphism (AFLP) markers, 31 restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) markers, two polymerase chain reaction amplified markers, the mating type locus (CsMAT), and a gene (VHv1) conditioning high virulence on barley cv. Bowman. These linkage groups covered a map distance of 849 cM. The virulence gene VHv1 cosegregated with six AFLP markers and was mapped on one of the major linkage groups. Fifteen chromosome-sized DNAs were resolved in C. sativus isolates ND93-1 and ND9OPr with contour-clamped homogeneous electric field (CHEF) electrophoresis combined with telomere probe analysis of comigrating chromosome-sized DNAs. The chromosome sizes ranged from 1.25 to 3.80 Mbp, and the genome size of the fungus was estimated to be approximately 33 Mbp. By hybridizing genetically mapped RFLP and AFLP markers to CHEF blots, 25 of the 27 linkage groups were assigned to specific chromosomes. The barley-specific virulence locus VHv1 was localized on a chromosome of 2.80 Mbp from isolate ND9OPr in the CHEF gel. The total map length of the fungus was estimated to be at least 1,329 cM based on the map distance covered by the linked markers and the estimated gaps. Therefore, the physical to genetic distance ratio is approximately 25 kb/cM. Construction of a high-resolution map around target loci will facilitate the cloning of the genes conferring virulence and other characters in C. sativus by a map-based cloning strategy.	0
Abstract2class: Microcarriers Based on Glycosaminoglycan-Like Marine Exopolysaccharide for TGF-β1 Long-Term Protection Abstract: Articular cartilage is an avascular, non-innervated connective tissue with limited ability to regenerate. Articular degenerative processes arising from trauma, inflammation or due to aging are thus irreversible and may induce the loss of the joint function. To repair cartilaginous defects, tissue engineering approaches are under intense development. Association of cells and signalling proteins, such as growth factors, with biocompatible hydrogel matrix may lead to the regeneration of the healthy tissue. One current strategy to enhance both growth factor bioactivity and bioavailability is based on the delivery of these signalling proteins in microcarriers. In this context, the aim of the present study was to develop microcarriers by encapsulating Transforming Growth Factor-β1 (TGF-β1) into microparticles based on marine exopolysaccharide (EPS), namely GY785 EPS, for further applications in cartilage engineering. Using a capillary microfluidic approach, two microcarriers were prepared. The growth factor was either encapsulated directly within the microparticles based on slightly sulphated derivative or complexed firstly with the highly sulphated derivative before being incorporated within the microparticles. TGF-β1 release, studied under in vitro model conditions, revealed that the majority of the growth factor was retained inside the microparticles. Bioactivity of released TGF-β1 was particularly enhanced in the presence of highly sulphated derivative. It comes out from this study that GY785 EPS based microcarriers may constitute TGF-β1 reservoirs spatially retaining the growth factor for a variety of tissue engineering applications and in particular cartilage regeneration, where the growth factor needs to remain in the target location long enough to induce robust regenerative responses.	0
Abstract2class: Fast and Efficient Separation of Eleven Mycosporine-like Amino Acids by UHPLC-DAD and Their Quantification in Diverse Red Algae Abstract: Due to their hostile habitats, characterized by a high exposure to UV-A and UV-B radiation, red algae are known to synthesize unique secondary metabolites: mycosporine-like amino acids (MAAs). These small molecules possess an extremely high UV absorption capacity and therefore mainly act as photoprotective agents. In this study, the first ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography (UHPLC) method with diode-array detection (DAD) was developed for the determination of eleven MAAs in various algal species. All of the analytes could be separated in under 8 min on a Phenomenex Luna Omega C18 1.6 µm column. The mobile phase comprised water with 0.25% formic acid and 20 mM ammonium formate (A) and acetonitrile (B). Elution was carried out in gradient mode. Method validation following ICH guidelines confirmed excellent linearity (R2 ≥ 0.9998), selectivity, precision and accuracy (from 97.41 to 103.38%) for all analytes. The assay's LOD was always 0.01 µg/mL; its LOQ was not higher than 0.04 µg/mL. Practical applicability was assured by analyzing several algae (e.g., Gracilaria chilensis, Pyropia plicata) using the developed method, and results indicated a high variation in MAA profiles as well as content. Whilst some MAAs were only found in specific samples, shinorine, which was always present, occurred in concentrations from 0.05 to 4.14 mg/g of dried biomass. As UHPLC-MS was also feasible, this method showed high flexibility concerning the detection mode, surpassing established procedures for MAA analysis not only concerning separation efficiency and analysis time.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient Isolation of Mycosporine-Like Amino Acids from Marine Red Algae by Fast Centrifugal Partition Chromatography Abstract: Marine rhodophyta are known to synthesize specific secondary metabolites, mycosporine-like amino acids (MAAs), to protect themselves from harmful UV-radiation. Shinorine and porphyra-334 are among the most abundant representatives of this compound class. In the present work, a novel approach for their isolation is described. As a first step, a fast centrifugal partition chromatography method, with an aqueous two-phase system comprising water, ethanol, ammonium sulfate and methanol in ascending mode, was developed to isolate the two MAAs from crude aqueous-methanolic extracts of three algal species within 90 min. The compounds could be isolated when just one of them was present in a sample or also both at the same time. By employing solid phase extraction as a second purification step, the individual MAAs were obtained in high purity and good quantity within a much shorter time frame than the established purification protocols, e.g., semi-preparative HPLC. For example, from 4 g Porphyra sp. (Nori) crude extract, 15.7 mg shinorine and 36.2 mg porphyra-334 were isolated. Both were highly pure, as confirmed by TLC, HPLC-MS and NMR analyses.	0
Abstract2class: Derivatives of salarin A, salarin C and tulearin A--Fascaplysinopsis sp. metabolites Abstract: Derivatives of salarin A, salarin C and tulearin A, three new cytotoxic sponge derived nitrogenous macrolides, were prepared and bio-evaluated as inhibitors of K562 leukemia cells. Interesting preliminary SAR (structure activity relationship) information was obtained from the products. The most sensitive functionalities were the 16,17-vinyl epoxide in both salarins, the triacylamino group in salarin A and the oxazole in salarin C (less sensitive). Regioselectivity of reactions was also found for tulearin A.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of Novel Gymnodimines and Spirolides from the Marine Dinoflagellate Alexandrium ostenfeldii Abstract: Cyclic imine toxins are neurotoxic, macrocyclic compounds produced by marine dinoflagellates. Mass spectrometric screenings of extracts from natural plankton assemblages revealed a high chemical diversity among this toxin class, yet only few toxins are structurally known. Here we report the structural characterization of four novel cyclic-imine toxins (two gymnodimines (GYMs) and two spirolides (SPXs)) from cultures of Alexandrium ostenfeldii. A GYM with m/z 510 (1) was identified as 16-desmethylGYM D. A GYM with m/z 526 was identified as the hydroxylated degradation product of (1) with an exocyclic methylene at C-17 and an allylic hydroxyl group at C-18. This compound was named GYM E (2). We further identified a SPX with m/z 694 as 20-hydroxy-13,19-didesmethylSPX C (10) and a SPX with m/z 696 as 20-hydroxy-13,19-didesmethylSPX D (11). This is the first report of GYMs without a methyl group at ring D and SPXs with hydroxyl groups at position C-20. These compounds can be conceived as derivatives of the same nascent polyketide chain, supporting the hypothesis that GYMs and SPXs are produced through common biosynthetic genes. Both novel GYMs 1 and 2 were detected in significant amounts in extracts from natural plankton assemblages (1: 447 pg; 2: 1250 pg; 11: 40 pg per mL filtered seawater respectively).	0
Abstract2class: Apoptogenic metabolites in fractions of the Benthic diatom Cocconeis scutellum parva Abstract: Benthic diatoms of the genus Cocconeis contain a specific apoptogenic activity. It triggers a fast destruction of the androgenic gland in the early post-larval life of the marine shrimp Hippolyte inermis, leading to the generation of small females. Previous in vitro investigations demonstrated that crude extracts of these diatoms specifically activate a dose-dependent apoptotic process in human cancer cells (BT20 breast carcinoma) but not in human normal lymphocytes. Here, a bioassay-guided fractionation has been performed to detect the apoptogenic compound(s). Various HPLC separation systems were needed to isolate the active fractions, since the apoptogenic metabolite is highly active, present in low amounts and is masked by abundant but non-active cellular compounds. The activity is due to at least two compounds characterized by different polarities, a hydrophilic and a lipophilic fraction. We purified the lipophilic fraction, which led to the characterization of an active sub-fraction containing a highly lipophilic compound, whose molecular structure has not yet been identified, but is under investigation. The results point to the possible medical uses of the active compound. Once the molecular structure has been identified, the study and modulation of apoptotic processes in various types of cells will be possible.	0
Abstract2class: Development of Marine-Derived Compounds for Cancer Therapy Abstract: Cancer has always been a threat to human health with its high morbidity and mortality rates. Traditional therapy, including surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy, plays a key role in cancer treatment. However, it is not able to prevent tumor recurrence, drug resistance and treatment side effects, which makes it a very attractive challenge to search for new effective and specific anticancer drugs. Nature is a valuable source of multiple pharmaceuticals, and most of the anticancer drugs are natural products or derived from them. Marine-derived compounds, such as nucleotides, proteins, peptides and amides, have also shed light on cancer therapy, and they are receiving a fast-growing interest due to their bioactive properties. Their mechanisms contain anti-angiogenic, anti-proliferative and anti-metastasis activities; cell cycle arrest; and induction of apoptosis. This review provides an overview on the development of marine-derived compounds with anticancer properties, both their applications and mechanisms, and discovered technologies.	0
Abstract2class: Astaxanthin Complexes to Attenuate Muscle Damage after In Vivo Femoral Ischemia-Reperfusion Abstract: (1) Background: Reperfusion injury refers to the cell and tissue damage induced, when blood flow is restored after an ischemic period. While reperfusion reestablishes oxygen supply, it generates a high concentration of radicals, resulting in tissue dysfunction and damage. Here, we aimed to challenge and achieve the potential of a delivery system based on astaxanthin, a natural antioxidant, in attenuating the muscle damage in an animal model of femoral hind-limb ischemia and reperfusion. (2) Methods: The antioxidant capacity and non-toxicity of astaxanthin was validated before and after loading into a polysaccharide scaffold. The capacity of astaxanthin to compensate stress damages was also studied after ischemia induced by femoral artery clamping and followed by varied periods of reperfusion. (3) Results: Histological evaluation showed a positive labeling for CD68 and CD163 macrophage markers, indicating a remodeling process. In addition, higher levels of Nrf2 and NQO1 expression in the sham group compared to the antioxidant group could reflect a reduction of the oxidative damage after 15 days of reperfusion. Furthermore, non-significant differences were observed in non-heme iron deposition in both groups, reflecting a cell population susceptible to free radical damage. (4) Conclusions: Our results suggest that the in situ release of an antioxidant molecule could be effective in improving the antioxidant defenses of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R)-damaged muscles.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and Evaluation of Spumigin Analogues Library with Thrombin Inhibitory Activity Abstract: Spumigins are marine natural products derived from cyanobacteria Nodularia spumigena, which mimics the structure of the d-Phe-Pro-Arg sequence and is crucial for binding to the active site of serine proteases thrombin and factor Xa. Biological evaluation of spumigins showed that spumigins with a (2S,4S)-4-methylproline central core represent potential lead compounds for the development of a new structural type of direct thrombin inhibitors. Herein, we represent synthesis and thrombin inhibitory activity of a focused library of spumigins analogues with indoline ring or l-proline as a central core. Novel compounds show additional insight into the structure and biological effects of spumigins. The most active analogue was found to be a derivative containing l-proline central core with low micromolar thrombin inhibitory activity.	0
Abstract2class: APS8, a polymeric alkylpyridinium salt blocks α7 nAChR and induces apoptosis in non-small cell lung carcinoma Abstract: Naturally occurring 3-alkylpyridinium polymers (poly-APS) from the marine sponge Reniera sarai, consisting of monomers containing polar pyridinium and nonpolar alkyl chain moieties, have been demonstrated to exert a wide range of biological activities, including a selective cytotoxicity against non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. APS8, an analog of poly-APS with defined alkyl chain length and molecular size, non-competitively inhibits α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) at nanomolar concentrations that are too low to be acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitory or generally cytotoxic. In the present study we show that APS8 inhibits NSCLC tumor cell growth and activates apoptotic pathways. APS8 was not toxic for normal lung fibroblasts. Furthermore, in NSCLC cells, APS8 reduced the adverse anti-apoptotic, proliferative effects of nicotine. Our results suggest that APS8 or similar compounds might be considered as lead compounds to develop antitumor therapeutic agents for at least certain types of lung cancer.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical Constituents of the Deep-Sea-Derived Penicillium citreonigrum MCCC 3A00169 and Their Antiproliferative Effects Abstract: Six new citreoviridins (citreoviridins J-O, 1-6) and twenty-two known compounds (7-28) were isolated from the deep-sea-derived Penicillium citreonigrum MCCC 3A00169. The structures of the new compounds were determined by spectroscopic methods, including the HRESIMS, NMR, ECD calculations, and dimolybdenum tetraacetate-induced CD (ICD) experiments. Citreoviridins J-O (1-6) are diastereomers of 6,7-epoxycitreoviridin with different chiral centers at C-2-C-7. Pyrenocine A (7), terrein (14), and citreoviridin (20) significantly induced apoptosis for HeLa cells with IC50 values of 5.4 μM, 11.3 μM, and 0.7 μM, respectively. To be specific, pyrenocine A could induce S phase arrest, while terrein and citreoviridin could obviously induce G0-G1 phase arrest. Citreoviridin could inhibit mTOR activity in HeLa cells.	0
Abstract2class: Application of Gelatin Decorated with Allura Red as Resonance Rayleigh Scattering Sensor to Detect Chito-Oligosaccharides Abstract: A convenient and sensitive triple-wavelength overlapping resonance Rayleigh scattering (TWO-RRS) method for the detection of chito-oligosaccharides (COS) was proposed based on enhancing the rigid surface of porous reticular spatial structure of gelatin and COS by introducing allura red AC (AR). The interaction and resultant porous reticular spatial structure were characterized with transmission electron microscopy (TEM), RRS, and UV-Vis spectroscopy. The results indicated that gelatin and COS formed porous reticular spatial structure with an average diameter of 1.5-2.0 μm, and the RRS value of COS-AR-gelatin ternary system with gelatin participation was significantly higher than that of COS-AR binary system. Under the optimal conditions, the enhanced TWO-RRS intensity of the system was linearly proportional to COS concentration in the range of 0.30-2.50 μg/mL, and the regression equation was ΔI = 4933.2c-446.21 with R2 = 0.9980. The limit of detection was 0.0478 μg/mL. So, a new method for the detection of COS was established and verified in the health products with satisfactory results.	0
Abstract2class: Response surface methodology for ultrasound-assisted extraction of astaxanthin from Haematococcus pluvialis Abstract: Astaxanthin is a novel carotenoid nutraceutical occurring in many crustaceans and red yeasts. It has exhibited various biological activities including prevention or amelioration of cardiovascular disease, gastric ulcer, hypertension, and diabetic nephropathy. In this study, ultrasound-assisted extraction was developed for the effective extraction of astaxanthin from Haematococcus pluvialis. Some parameters such as extraction solvent, liquid-to-solid ratio, extraction temperature, and extraction time were optimized by single-factor experiment and response surface methodology. The optimal extraction conditions were 48.0% ethanol in ethyl acetate, the liquid-to-solid ratio was 20:1 (mL/g), and extraction for 16.0 min at 41.1 °C under ultrasound irradiation of 200 W. Under optimal conditions, the yield of astaxanthin was 27.58 ± 0.40 mg/g. The results obtained are beneficial for the full utilization of Haematococcus pluvialis, which also indicated that ultrasound-assisted extraction is a very useful method for extracting astaxanthin from marine life.	0
Abstract2class: N-3 PUFA Deficiency Aggravates Streptozotocin-Induced Pancreatic Injury in Mice but Dietary Supplementation with DHA/EPA Protects the Pancreas via Suppressing Inflammation, Oxidative Stress and Apoptosis Abstract: It has been reported that dietary n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) exert therapeutic potential for the preservation of functional β-cell mass. However, the effect of dietary n-3 PUFA deficiency on pancreatic injury and whether the supplementation of n-3 PUFA could prevent the development of pancreatic injury are still not clear. In the present study, an n-3 PUFA deficiency mouse model was established by feeding them with n-3 PUFA deficiency diets for 30 days. Results showed that n-3 PUFA deficiency aggravated streptozotocin (STZ)-induced pancreas injury by reducing the insulin level by 18.21% and the HOMA β-cell indices by 31.13% and the area of islet by 52.58% compared with the STZ group. Moreover, pre-intervention with DHA and EPA for 15 days could alleviate STZ-induced pancreas damage by increasing the insulin level by 55.26% and 44.33%, the HOMA β-cell indices by 118.81% and 157.26% and reversed the area of islet by 196.75% and 205.57% compared to the n-3 Def group, and the effects were significant compared to γ-linolenic acid (GLA) and alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) treatment. The possible underlying mechanisms indicated that EPA and DHA significantly reduced the ration of n-6 PUFA to n-3 PUFA and then inhibited oxidative stress, inflammation and islet β-cell apoptosis levels in pancreas tissue. The results might provide insights into the prevention and alleviation of pancreas injury by dietary intervention with PUFAs and provide a theoretical basis for their application in functional foods.	0
Abstract2class: Furobenzotropolones A, B and 3-Hydroxyepicoccone B with Antioxidative Activity from Mangrove Endophytic Fungus Epicoccum nigrum MLY-3 Abstract: Three new metabolites, furobenzotropolones A, B (1-2) with unusual benzene and dihydrofuran moieties and 3-hydroxyepicoccone B (3), together with seven known compounds (4-10) were obtained from the endophytic fungus Epicoccum nigrum MLY-3 isolated from the fresh leaf of mangrove plant Bruguiear gymnorrhiza collected from Zhuhai. Their structures were assigned by the analysis of UV, IR, NMR, and mass spectroscopic data. Compound 1 was further confirmed by single-crystal X-ray diffraction experiment using Cu Kα radiation. In antioxidant activities in vitro, compounds 2, 3, 5, and 8 showed promising DPPH· scavenging activity with IC50 values ranging from 14.7 to 29.3 µM. Compounds 2, 3, 5, 7, and 8 exhibited promising potent activity in scavenging ABTS· with IC50 values in the range of 18-29.2 µM, which was stronger than that of the positive control ascorbic acid (IC50 = 33.6 ± 0.8 µM).	0
Abstract2class: Total Synthesis of Bioactive Marine Meroterpenoids: The Cases of Liphagal and Frondosin B Abstract: Liphagal and frondosin B are two marine-derived secondary metabolites sharing a very similar polyfused-benzofuran skeleton. The two tetracyclic meroterpenoids were isolated from marine sponges, both featuring a 6-5-7-6 fused ring system. A preliminary bioactive study shows that (+)-liphagal is a selective kinase (PI3K α) inhibitor, while (+)-frondosin B is shown to inhibit the binding of the cytokine interleukin-8 (IL-8) to its receptor, CX-CLR1/2. The unique structures and interesting biological profiles of these two meroterpenoids have attracted considerable attention from synthetic chemists. Herein we summarize the synthetic efforts with respect to (+)-liphagal and (+)-frondosin B during the past two decades.	0
Abstract2class: First Report on Chitin in a Non-Verongiid Marine Demosponge: The Mycale euplectellioides Case Abstract: Sponges (Porifera) are recognized as aquatic multicellular organisms which developed an effective biochemical pathway over millions of years of evolution to produce both biologically active secondary metabolites and biopolymer-based skeletal structures. Among marine demosponges, only representatives of the Verongiida order are known to synthetize biologically active substances as well as skeletons made of structural polysaccharide chitin. The unique three-dimensional (3D) architecture of such chitinous skeletons opens the widow for their recent applications as adsorbents, as well as scaffolds for tissue engineering and biomimetics. This study has the ambitious goal of monitoring other orders beyond Verongiida demosponges and finding alternative sources of naturally prestructured chitinous scaffolds; especially in those demosponge species which can be cultivated at large scales using marine farming conditions. Special attention has been paid to the demosponge Mycale euplectellioides(Heteroscleromorpha: Poecilosclerida: Mycalidae) collected in the Red Sea. For the first time, we present here a detailed study of the isolation of chitin from the skeleton of this sponge, as well as its identification using diverse bioanalytical tools. Calcofluor white staining, Fourier-transform Infrared Spcetcroscopy (FTIR), electrospray ionization mass spectrometry (ESI-MS), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), and fluorescence microscopy, as well as a chitinase digestion assay were applied in order to confirm with strong evidence the finding of a-chitin in the skeleton of M. euplectellioides. We suggest that the discovery of chitin within representatives of the Mycale genus is a promising step in their evaluation of these globally distributed sponges as new renewable sources for both biologically active metabolites and chitin, which are of prospective use for pharmacology and biomaterials oriented biomedicine, respectively.	0
Abstract2class: Coral Carbonic Anhydrases: Regulation by Ocean Acidification Abstract: Global change is a major threat to the oceans, as it implies temperature increase and acidification. Ocean acidification (OA) involving decreasing pH and changes in seawater carbonate chemistry challenges the capacity of corals to form their skeletons. Despite the large number of studies that have investigated how rates of calcification respond to ocean acidification scenarios, comparatively few studies tackle how ocean acidification impacts the physiological mechanisms that drive calcification itself. The aim of our paper was to determine how the carbonic anhydrases, which play a major role in calcification, are potentially regulated by ocean acidification. For this we measured the effect of pH on enzyme activity of two carbonic anhydrase isoforms that have been previously characterized in the scleractinian coral Stylophora pistillata. In addition we looked at gene expression of these enzymes in vivo. For both isoforms, our results show (1) a change in gene expression under OA (2) an effect of OA and temperature on carbonic anhydrase activity. We suggest that temperature increase could counterbalance the effect of OA on enzyme activity. Finally we point out that caution must, thus, be taken when interpreting transcriptomic data on carbonic anhydrases in ocean acidification and temperature stress experiments, as the effect of these stressors on the physiological function of CA will depend both on gene expression and enzyme activity.	0
Abstract2class: A New Meroditerpene and a New Tryptoquivaline Analog from the Algicolous Fungus Neosartorya takakii KUFC 7898 Abstract: A new meroditerpene sartorenol (1), a new natural product takakiamide (2) and a new tryptoquivaline analog (3) were isolated, together with nine known compounds, including aszonapyrone A, chevalone B, aszonalenin, acetylaszonalenin, 3'-(4-oxoquinazolin-3-yl) spiro[1H-indole-3,5'-oxolane]-2,2'-dione, tryptoquivalines L, F and H, and the isocoumarin derivative, 6-hydroxymellein, from the ethyl acetate extract of the culture of the algicolous fungus Neosartorya takakii KUFC 7898. The structures of the new compounds were established based on 1D and 2D NMR spectral analysis, and, in the case of sartorenol (1) and tryptoquivaline U (3), X-ray analysis was used to confirm their structures and to determine the absolute configuration of their stereogenic carbons. Compounds 1, 2 and 3 were evaluated for their antimicrobial activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, and multidrug-resistant isolates from the environment; however, none exhibited antibacterial activity (MIC ˃ 256 mg/mL). The three new compounds did not show any quorum sensing inhibition in the screening protocol based on the pigment production by Chromobacterium violaceum (ATCC 31532).	0
Abstract2class: Effects of tetrodotoxin on the mammalian cardiovascular system Abstract: The human genome encodes nine functional voltage-gated Na+ channels. Three of them, namely Na(v)1.5, Na(v)1.8, and Na(v)1.9, are resistant to nanomolar concentrations of tetrodotoxin (TTX; IC(50) > or = 1 microM). The other isoforms, which are predominantly expressed in the skeletal muscle and nervous system, are highly sensitive to TTX (IC(50) approximately 10 nM). During the last two decades, it has become evident that in addition to the major cardiac isoform Na(v)1.5, several of those TTX sensitive isoforms are expressed in the mammalian heart. Whereas immunohistochemical and electrophysiological methods demonstrated functional expression in various heart regions, the physiological importance of those isoforms for cardiac excitation in higher mammals is still debated. This review summarizes our knowledge on the systemic cardiovascular effects of TTX in animals and humans, with a special focus on cardiac excitation and performance at lower concentrations of this marine drug. Altogether, these data strongly suggest that TTX sensitive Na+ channels, detected more recently in various heart tissues, are not involved in excitation phenomena in the healthy adult heart of higher mammals.	0
Abstract2class: Binding of ISRIB reveals a regulatory site in the nucleotide exchange factor eIF2B Abstract: The integrated stress response (ISR) is a conserved translational and transcriptional program affecting metabolism, memory, and immunity. The ISR is mediated by stress-induced phosphorylation of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2α (eIF2α) that attenuates the guanine nucleotide exchange factor eIF2B. A chemical inhibitor of the ISR, ISRIB, reverses the attenuation of eIF2B by phosphorylated eIF2α, protecting mice from neurodegeneration and traumatic brain injury. We describe a 4.1-angstrom-resolution cryo-electron microscopy structure of human eIF2B with an ISRIB molecule bound at the interface between the β and δ regulatory subunits. Mutagenesis of residues lining this pocket altered the hierarchical cellular response to ISRIB analogs in vivo and ISRIB binding in vitro. Our findings point to a site in eIF2B that can be exploited by ISRIB to regulate translation.	0
Abstract2class: Hydrogen 21-centimeter emission from a galaxy at cosmological distance Abstract: We have detected the neutral atomic hydrogen (HI) emission line at a cosmologically significant distance [redshift (z) = 0.18] in the rich galaxy cluster Abell 2218 with the Westerbork Synthesis Radio Telescope. The HI emission originates in a spiral galaxy 2.0 h65(-1) megaparsecs from the cluster core. No other significant detections have been made in the cluster, suggesting that the mechanisms that remove neutral gas from cluster galaxies are efficient. We infer that fewer than three gas-rich galaxies were accreted by Abell 2218 over the past 10(9) years. This low accretion rate is qualitatively consistent with low-density cosmological models in which clusters are largely assembled at z > 1.	0
Abstract2class: Natural enemies drive geographic variation in plant defenses Abstract: Plants defend themselves against attack by natural enemies, and these defenses vary widely across populations. However, whether communities of natural enemies are a sufficiently potent force to maintain polymorphisms in defensive traits is largely unknown. Here, we exploit the genetic resources of Arabidopsis thaliana, coupled with 39 years of field data on aphid abundance, to (i) demonstrate that geographic patterns in a polymorphic defense locus (GS-ELONG) are strongly correlated with changes in the relative abundance of two specialist aphids; and (ii) demonstrate differential selection by the two aphids on GS-ELONG, using a multigeneration selection experiment. We thereby show a causal link between variation in abundance of the two specialist aphids and the geographic pattern at GS-ELONG, which highlights the potency of natural enemies as selective forces.	0
Abstract2class: Refactored genetic codes enable bidirectional genetic isolation Abstract: The near-universal genetic code defines the correspondence between codons in genes and amino acids in proteins. We refactored the structure of the genetic code in Escherichia coli and created orthogonal genetic codes that restrict the escape of synthetic genetic information into natural life. We developed orthogonal and mutually orthogonal horizontal gene transfer systems, which permit the transfer of genetic information between organisms that use the same genetic code but restrict the transfer of genetic information between organisms that use different genetic codes. Moreover, we showed that locking refactored codes into synthetic organisms completely blocks invasion by mobile genetic elements, including viruses, which carry their own translation factors and successfully invade organisms with canonical and compressed genetic codes.	0
Abstract2class: Dual catalysis. Merging photoredox with nickel catalysis: coupling of α-carboxyl sp³-carbons with aryl halides Abstract: Over the past 40 years, transition metal catalysis has enabled bond formation between aryl and olefinic (sp(2)) carbons in a selective and predictable manner with high functional group tolerance. Couplings involving alkyl (sp(3)) carbons have proven more challenging. Here, we demonstrate that the synergistic combination of photoredox catalysis and nickel catalysis provides an alternative cross-coupling paradigm, in which simple and readily available organic molecules can be systematically used as coupling partners. By using this photoredox-metal catalysis approach, we have achieved a direct decarboxylative sp(3)-sp(2) cross-coupling of amino acids, as well as α-O- or phenyl-substituted carboxylic acids, with aryl halides. Moreover, this mode of catalysis can be applied to direct cross-coupling of C(sp³)-H in dimethylaniline with aryl halides via C-H functionalization.	0
Abstract2class: Cytosine base editor generates substantial off-target single-nucleotide variants in mouse embryos Abstract: Genome editing holds promise for correcting pathogenic mutations. However, it is difficult to determine off-target effects of editing due to single-nucleotide polymorphism in individuals. Here we developed a method named GOTI (genome-wide off-target analysis by two-cell embryo injection) to detect off-target mutations by editing one blastomere of two-cell mouse embryos using either CRISPR-Cas9 or base editors. Comparison of the whole-genome sequences of progeny cells of edited and nonedited blastomeres at embryonic day 14.5 showed that off-target single-nucleotide variants (SNVs) were rare in embryos edited by CRISPR-Cas9 or adenine base editor, with a frequency close to the spontaneous mutation rate. By contrast, cytosine base editing induced SNVs at more than 20-fold higher frequencies, requiring a solution to address its fidelity.	0
Abstract2class: tRNA overexpression rescues peripheral neuropathy caused by mutations in tRNA synthetase Abstract: Heterozygous mutations in six transfer RNA (tRNA) synthetase genes cause Charcot-Marie-Tooth (CMT) peripheral neuropathy. CMT mutant tRNA synthetases inhibit protein synthesis by an unknown mechanism. We found that CMT mutant glycyl-tRNA synthetases bound tRNAGly but failed to release it, resulting in tRNAGly sequestration. This sequestration potentially depleted the cellular tRNAGly pool, leading to insufficient glycyl-tRNAGly supply to the ribosome. Accordingly, we found ribosome stalling at glycine codons and activation of the integrated stress response (ISR) in affected motor neurons. Moreover, transgenic overexpression of tRNAGly rescued protein synthesis, peripheral neuropathy, and ISR activation in Drosophila and mouse CMT disease type 2D (CMT2D) models. Conversely, inactivation of the ribosome rescue factor GTPBP2 exacerbated peripheral neuropathy. Our findings suggest a molecular mechanism for CMT2D, and elevating tRNAGly levels may thus have therapeutic potential.	0
Abstract2class: Gravity field of the Orientale basin from the Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory Mission Abstract: The Orientale basin is the youngest and best-preserved major impact structure on the Moon. We used the Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) spacecraft to investigate the gravitational field of Orientale at 3- to 5-kilometer (km) horizontal resolution. A volume of at least (3.4 ± 0.2) × 106 km3 of crustal material was removed and redistributed during basin formation. There is no preserved evidence of the transient crater that would reveal the basin's maximum volume, but its diameter may now be inferred to be between 320 and 460 km. The gravity field resolves distinctive structures of Orientale's three rings and suggests the presence of faults associated with the outer two that penetrate to the mantle. The crustal structure of Orientale provides constraints on the formation of multiring basins.	0
Abstract2class: A hydrated crystalline calcium carbonate phase: Calcium carbonate hemihydrate Abstract: As one of the most abundant materials in the world, calcium carbonate, CaCO3, is the main constituent of the skeletons and shells of various marine organisms. It is used in the cement industry and plays a crucial role in the global carbon cycle and formation of sedimentary rocks. For more than a century, only three polymorphs of pure CaCO3-calcite, aragonite, and vaterite-were known to exist at ambient conditions, as well as two hydrated crystal phases, monohydrocalcite (CaCO3·1H2O) and ikaite (CaCO3·6H2O). While investigating the role of magnesium ions in crystallization pathways of amorphous calcium carbonate, we unexpectedly discovered an unknown crystalline phase, hemihydrate CaCO3·½H2O, with monoclinic structure. This discovery may have important implications in biomineralization, geology, and industrial processes based on hydration of CaCO3.	0
Abstract2class: Developmental decline in neuronal regeneration by the progressive change of two intrinsic timers Abstract: Like mammalian neurons, Caenorhabditis elegans neurons lose axon regeneration ability as they age, but it is not known why. Here, we report that let-7 contributes to a developmental decline in anterior ventral microtubule (AVM) axon regeneration. In older AVM axons, let-7 inhibits regeneration by down-regulating LIN-41, an important AVM axon regeneration-promoting factor. Whereas let-7 inhibits lin-41 expression in older neurons through the lin-41 3' untranslated region, lin-41 inhibits let-7 expression in younger neurons through Argonaute ALG-1. This reciprocal inhibition ensures that axon regeneration is inhibited only in older neurons. These findings show that a let-7-lin-41 regulatory circuit, which was previously shown to control timing of events in mitotic stem cell lineages, is reutilized in postmitotic neurons to control postdifferentiation events.	0
Abstract2class: A vicious cycle of β amyloid-dependent neuronal hyperactivation Abstract: β-amyloid (Aβ)-dependent neuronal hyperactivity is believed to contribute to the circuit dysfunction that characterizes the early stages of Alzheimer's disease (AD). Although experimental evidence in support of this hypothesis continues to accrue, the underlying pathological mechanisms are not well understood. In this experiment, we used mouse models of Aβ-amyloidosis to show that hyperactivation is initiated by the suppression of glutamate reuptake. Hyperactivity occurred in neurons with preexisting baseline activity, whereas inactive neurons were generally resistant to Aβ-mediated hyperactivation. Aβ-containing AD brain extracts and purified Aβ dimers were able to sustain this vicious cycle. Our findings suggest a cellular mechanism of Aβ-dependent neuronal dysfunction that can be active before plaque formation.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide detection of single-nucleotide and copy-number variations of a single human cell Abstract: Kindred cells can have different genomes because of dynamic changes in DNA. Single-cell sequencing is needed to characterize these genomic differences but has been hindered by whole-genome amplification bias, resulting in low genome coverage. Here, we report on a new amplification method-multiple annealing and looping-based amplification cycles (MALBAC)-that offers high uniformity across the genome. Sequencing MALBAC-amplified DNA achieves 93% genome coverage ≥1x for a single human cell at 25x mean sequencing depth. We detected digitized copy-number variations (CNVs) of a single cancer cell. By sequencing three kindred cells, we were able to identify individual single-nucleotide variations (SNVs), with no false positives detected. We directly measured the genome-wide mutation rate of a cancer cell line and found that purine-pyrimidine exchanges occurred unusually frequently among the newly acquired SNVs.	0
Abstract2class: mTORC1 senses lysosomal amino acids through an inside-out mechanism that requires the vacuolar H(+)-ATPase Abstract: The mTOR complex 1 (mTORC1) protein kinase is a master growth regulator that is stimulated by amino acids. Amino acids activate the Rag guanosine triphosphatases (GTPases), which promote the translocation of mTORC1 to the lysosomal surface, the site of mTORC1 activation. We found that the vacuolar H(+)-adenosine triphosphatase ATPase (v-ATPase) is necessary for amino acids to activate mTORC1. The v-ATPase engages in extensive amino acid-sensitive interactions with the Ragulator, a scaffolding complex that anchors the Rag GTPases to the lysosome. In a cell-free system, ATP hydrolysis by the v-ATPase was necessary for amino acids to regulate the v-ATPase-Ragulator interaction and promote mTORC1 translocation. Results obtained in vitro and in human cells suggest that amino acid signaling begins within the lysosomal lumen. These results identify the v-ATPase as a component of the mTOR pathway and delineate a lysosome-associated machinery for amino acid sensing.	0
Abstract2class: Conformational switching in the fungal light sensor Vivid Abstract: The Neurospora crassa photoreceptor Vivid tunes blue-light responses and modulates gating of the circadian clock. Crystal structures of dark-state and light-state Vivid reveal a light, oxygen, or voltage Per-Arnt-Sim domain with an unusual N-terminal cap region and a loop insertion that accommodates the flavin cofactor. Photoinduced formation of a cystein-flavin adduct drives flavin protonation to induce an N-terminal conformational change. A cysteine-to-serine substitution remote from the flavin adenine dinucleotide binding site decouples conformational switching from the flavin photocycle and prevents Vivid from sending signals in Neurospora. Key elements of this activation mechanism are conserved by other photosensors such as White Collar-1, ZEITLUPE, ENVOY, and flavin-binding, kelch repeat, F-BOX 1 (FKF1).	0
Abstract2class: A critical question for HIV vaccine development: which antibodies to induce? Abstract: A vaccine against HIV-1 must prevent infection against genetically diverse virus strains. Two approaches are currently being pursued to elicit antibody-mediated protection: vaccines that induce potent and broadly reactive neutralizing antibodies (bnAbs) or vaccines that induce "conventional antibodies," which are less potent and broadly neutralizing in comparison. Although bnAbs may provide the greatest level of protection, their structural and genetic characteristics make their elicitation through vaccination a major challenge. In contrast, conventional HIV-1 antibodies have been induced by vaccination and correlated with reduced HIV-1 infection in a phase III vaccine trial. Here, I present evidence that both approaches should be pursued with equal vigor.	0
Abstract2class: Wrapping it up in a person: Examining employment and earnings outcomes for Ph.D. recipients Abstract: In evaluating research investments, it is important to establish whether the expertise gained by researchers in conducting their projects propagates into the broader economy. For eight universities, it was possible to combine data from the UMETRICS project, which provided administrative records on graduate students supported by funded research, with data from the U.S. Census Bureau. The analysis covers 2010-2012 earnings and placement outcomes of people receiving doctorates in 2009-2011. Almost 40% of supported doctorate recipients, both federally and nonfederally funded, entered industry and, when they did, they disproportionately got jobs at large and high-wage establishments in high-tech and professional service industries. Although Ph.D. recipients spread nationally, there was also geographic clustering in employment near the universities that trained and employed the researchers. We also show large differences across fields in placement outcomes.	0
Abstract2class: RNA elimination machinery targeting meiotic mRNAs promotes facultative heterochromatin formation Abstract: Facultative heterochromatin that changes during cellular differentiation coordinates regulated gene expression, but its assembly is poorly understood. Here, we describe facultative heterochromatin islands in fission yeast and show that their formation at meiotic genes requires factors that eliminate meiotic messenger RNAs (mRNAs) during vegetative growth. Blocking production of meiotic mRNA or loss of RNA elimination factors, including Mmi1 and Red1 proteins, abolishes heterochromatin islands. RNA elimination machinery is enriched at meiotic loci and interacts with Clr4/SUV39h, a methyltransferase involved in heterochromatin assembly. Heterochromatin islands disassemble in response to nutritional signals that induce sexual differentiation. This process involves the antisilencing factor Epe1, the loss of which causes dramatic increase in heterochromatic loci. Our analyses uncover unexpected regulatory roles for mRNA-processing factors that assemble dynamic heterochromatin to modulate gene expression.	0
Abstract2class: Immunology. Arsonists in rheumatoid arthritis Abstract: Inflammation associated with rheumatoid arthritis is stoked by platelets, expanding their roles into the immune system.	0
Abstract2class: The gentle touch receptors of mammalian skin Abstract: The skin is our largest sensory organ, transmitting pain, temperature, itch, and touch information to the central nervous system. Touch sensations are conveyed by distinct combinations of mechanosensory end organs and the low-threshold mechanoreceptors (LTMRs) that innervate them. Here we explore the various structures underlying the diverse functions of cutaneous LTMR end organs. Beyond anchoring of LTMRs to the surrounding dermis and epidermis, recent evidence suggests that the non-neuronal components of end organs play an active role in signaling to LTMRs and may physically gate force-sensitive channels in these receptors. Combined with LTMR intrinsic properties, the balance of these factors comprises the response properties of mechanosensory neurons and, thus, the neural encoding of touch.	0
Abstract2class: 53BP1 regulates DSB repair using Rif1 to control 5' end resection Abstract: The choice between double-strand break (DSB) repair by either homology-directed repair (HDR) or nonhomologous end joining (NHEJ) is tightly regulated. Defects in this regulation can induce genome instability and cancer. 53BP1 is critical for the control of DSB repair, promoting NHEJ, and inhibiting the 5' end resection needed for HDR. Using dysfunctional telomeres and genome-wide DSBs, we identify Rif1 as the main factor used by 53BP1 to impair 5' end resection. Rif1 inhibits resection involving CtIP, BLM, and Exo1; limits accumulation of BRCA1/BARD1 complexes at sites of DNA damage; and defines one of the mechanisms by which 53BP1 causes chromosomal abnormalities in Brca1-deficient cells. These data establish Rif1 as an important contributor to the control of DSB repair by 53BP1.	0
Abstract2class: Co-Occurrence of Listeria spp. and Spoilage Associated Microbiota During Meat Processing Due to Cross-Contamination Events Abstract: A large part of foodborne outbreaks related to Listeria monocytogenes are linked to meat and meat products. Especially, recontamination of meat products and deli-meat during slicing, packaging, and repackaging is in the focus of food authorities. In that regard, L. monocytogenes persistence in multi-species biofilms is one major issue, since they survive elaborate cleaning and disinfection measures. Here, we analyzed the microbial community structure throughout a meat processing facility using a combination of high-throughput full-length 16S ribosomal RNA (rRNA) gene sequencing and traditional microbiological methods. Samples were taken at different stages during meat cutting as well as from multiple sites throughout the facility environment to capture the product and the environmental associated microbiota co-occurring with Listeria spp. and L. monocytogenes. The listeria testing revealed a widely disseminated contamination (50%; 88 of 176 samples were positive for Listeria spp. and 13.6%; 24 of 176 samples were positive for L. monocytogenes). The pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE) typing evidenced 14 heterogeneous L. monocytogenes profiles with PCR-serogroup 1/2a, 3a as most dominant. PFGE type MA3-17 contributed to the resilient microbiota of the facility environment and was related to environmental persistence. The core in-house microbiota consisted mainly of the genera Acinetobacter, Pseudomonas, Psychrobacter (Proteobacteria), Anaerobacillus, Bacillus (Firmicutes), and Chryseobacterium (Bacteroidota). While the overall microbial community structure clearly differed between product and environmental samples, we were able to discern correlation patterns regarding the presence/absence of Listeria spp. in both sample groups. Specifically, our longitudinal analysis revealed association of Listeria spp. with known biofilm-producing Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter, and Janthinobacterium species on the meat samples. Similar patterns were also observed on the surface, indicating dispersal of microorganisms from this multispecies biofilm. Our data provided a better understanding of the built environment microbiome in the meat processing context and promoted more effective options for targeted disinfection in the analyzed facility.	0
Abstract2class: Microbiota of the Gut-Lymph Node Axis: Depletion of Mucosa-Associated Segmented Filamentous Bacteria and Enrichment of Methanobrevibacter by Colistin Sulfate and Linco-Spectin in Pigs Abstract: Microorganisms are translocated from the gut to lymphatic tissues via immune cells, thereby challenging and training the mammalian immune system. Antibiotics alter the gut microbiome and consecutively might also affect the corresponding translocation processes, resulting in an imbalanced state between the intestinal microbiota and the host. Hence, understanding the variant effects of antibiotics on the microbiome of gut-associated tissues is of vital importance for maintaining metabolic homeostasis and animal health. In the present study, we analyzed the microbiome of (i) pig feces, ileum, and ileocecal lymph nodes under the influence of antibiotics (Linco-Spectin and Colistin sulfate) using 16S rRNA gene sequencing for high-resolution community profiling and (ii) ileocecal lymph nodes in more detail with two additional methodological approaches, i.e., cultivation of ileocecal lymph node samples and (iii) metatranscriptome sequencing of a single lymph node sample. Supplementation of medicated feed showed a local effect on feces and ileal mucosa-associated microbiomes. Pigs that received antibiotics harbored significantly reduced amounts of segmented filamentous bacteria (SFB) along the ileal mucosa (p = 0.048; 199.17-fold change) and increased amounts of Methanobrevibacter, a methanogenic Euryarchaeote in fecal samples (p = 0.005; 20.17-fold change) compared to the control group. Analysis of the porcine ileocecal lymph node microbiome exposed large differences between the viable and the dead fraction of microorganisms and the microbiome was altered to a lesser extent by antibiotics compared with feces and ileum. The core microbiome of lymph nodes was constituted mainly of Proteobacteria. RNA-sequencing of a single lymph node sample unveiled transcripts responsible for amino acid and carbohydrate metabolism as well as protein turnover, DNA replication and signal transduction. The study presented here is the first comparative study of microbial communities in feces, ileum, and its associated ileocecal lymph nodes. In each analyzed site, we identified specific phylotypes susceptible to antibiotic treatment that can have profound impacts on the host physiological and immunological state, or even on global biogeochemical cycles. Our results indicate that pathogenic bacteria, e.g., enteropathogenic Escherichia coli, could escape antibiotic treatment by translocating to lymph nodes. In general ileocecal lymph nodes harbor a more diverse and active community of microorganisms than previously assumed.	0
Abstract2class: Seasonal and spatial patterns of microbial diversity along a trophic gradient in the interconnected lakes of the Osterseen Lake District, Bavaria Abstract: The Osterseen Lake District in Bavaria consists of 19 small interconnected lakes that exhibit a pronounced trophic gradient from eutrophic to oligotrophic. It therefore presents a unique model system to address ecological questions regarding niche adaptation and Baas Becking's long standing hypothesis of "everything is everywhere, but the environment selects." Here, we present the first assessment of the microbial diversity in these lakes. We sampled the lakes in August and December and used 454 pyrosequencing of 16S rRNA amplicons to analyze the microbial diversity. The diversity patterns between lakes and seasons were compared and the bacterial community composition was correlated with key chemical and physical parameters. Distinct patterns of bacterial diversity only emerged at the level of individual OTUs (operational taxonomic units), but not at the level of the major bacterial phyla. This emphasizes the high functional and physiological diversity among bacterial species within a phylum and calls for analysis of biodiversity at the level of OTUs in order to understand fine-scale biogeography. We were able to identify a number of cosmopolitan OTUs as well as specialist OTUs that were restricted to certain lakes or seasons, suggesting adaptation to specific ecological niches.	0
Abstract2class: Chemotaxonomy of Mycotoxigenic Small-Spored Alternaria Fungi - Do Multitoxin Mixtures Act as an Indicator for Species Differentiation? Abstract: Necrotrophic as well as saprophytic small-spored Alternaria (A.) species are annually responsible for major losses of agricultural products, such as cereal crops, associated with the contamination of food and feedstuff with potential health-endangering Alternaria toxins. Knowledge of the metabolic capabilities of different species-groups to form mycotoxins is of importance for a reliable risk assessment. 93 Alternaria strains belonging to the four species groups Alternaria tenuissima, A. arborescens, A. alternata, and A. infectoria were isolated from winter wheat kernels harvested from fields in Germany and Russia and incubated under equal conditions. Chemical analysis by means of an HPLC-MS/MS multi-Alternaria-toxin-method showed that 95% of all strains were able to form at least one of the targeted 17 non-host specific Alternaria toxins. Simultaneous production of up to 15 (modified) Alternaria toxins by members of the A. tenuissima, A. arborescens, A. alternata species-groups and up to seven toxins by A. infectoria strains was demonstrated. Overall tenuazonic acid was the most extensively formed mycotoxin followed by alternariol and alternariol mono methylether, whereas altertoxin I was the most frequently detected toxin. Sulfoconjugated modifications of alternariol, alternariol mono methylether, altenuisol and altenuene were frequently determined. Unknown perylene quinone derivatives were additionally detected. Strains of the species-group A. infectoria could be segregated from strains of the other three species-groups due to significantly lower toxin levels and the specific production of infectopyrone. Apart from infectopyrone, alterperylenol was also frequently produced by 95% of the A. infectoria strains. Neither by the concentration nor by the composition of the targeted Alternaria toxins a differentiation between the species-groups A. alternata, A. tenuissima and A. arborescens was possible.	0
Abstract2class: Differential Survivability of Two Genetically Similar Salmonella Thompson Strains on Pre-harvest Sweet Basil ( Ocimum basilicum) Leaves Abstract: Although conventionally considered an animal pathogen, recent evidence increasingly suggests that fresh produce may act as significant transmission vehicles and alternative hosts to Salmonella. This study reports the differential survivability of two genetically similar Salmonella Thompson strains (ST 889B and ST 688C) on the adaxial surface of pre-harvest basil (Ocimum basilicum) leaves. Upon inoculation, two distinct phenomena, a dried water-print or a macroscopic lesion, were observed within 24 h. ST 889B survived better than ST 688C on healthy-looking leaves without lesions, possibly due to its higher biofilm-forming ability. Both strains survived better on the leaves with lesions than on the healthy-looking leaves (ST 688C: 4.39 ± 0.68 vs. 2.18 ± 0.29; ST 889B: 4.78 ± 0.12 vs. 2.83 ± 0.18 log CFU per sample at 6 days post-inoculation). ST 889B caused the formation of lesions at a higher frequency [70/117 leaves (59.8%)] than ST 688C [35/96 leaves (36.5%)]. Thus, we highlighted two distinct Salmonella survival strategies in the basil pathosystem and demonstrated gene expression polymorphism (variations in the expression of the same set of genes) as an indispensable strategy in the colonization of plants as hosts by the human pathogens.	0
Abstract2class: Hoisting-Loop in Bacterial Multidrug Exporter AcrB Is a Highly Flexible Hinge That Enables the Large Motion of the Subdomains Abstract: The overexpression of RND-type exporters is one of the main causes of multidrug resistance (MDR) in Gram-negative pathogens. In RND transporters, such as Escherichia coli's main efflux pump AcrB, drug efflux occurs in the porter domain, while protons flow through the transmembrane domain: remote conformational coupling. At the border of a transmembrane helix (TM8) and subdomain PC2, there is a loop which makes a hoisting movement by a random-coil-to-α-helix change, and opens and closes a drug channel entrance. This loop is supposed to play a key role in the allosteric conformational coupling between the transmembrane and porter domain. Here we show the results of a series of flexibility loop-mutants of AcrB. We determined the crystal structure of a three amino acid truncated loop mutant, which is still a functional transporter, and show that the short α-helix between Cβ15 and the loop unwinds to a random coil in the access and binding monomers and in the extrusion monomer it makes a partially stretched coil-to-helix change. The loop has undergone compensatory conformational changes and still facilitates the opening and closing of the channel. In addition, more flexible mutated loops (proline mutated and significantly elongated) can still function during export. The flexibility in this region is however limited, as an even more truncated mutant (six amino acid deletion) becomes mostly inactive. We found that the hoisting-loop is a highly flexible hinge that enables the conformational energy transmission passively.	0
Abstract2class: Duck PIAS2 Promotes H5N1 Avian Influenza Virus Replication Through Its SUMO E3 Ligase Activity Abstract: The protein inhibitor of the activated STAT2 (PIAS2) has been implicated in many cellular processes and can also regulate viral replication in mammals. However, the role of PIAS2 in the highly pathogenic avian influenza virus (HPAIV) H5N1 replication in ducks is still unclear. Through liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) assay, we identified that duck PIAS2 (duPIAS2) was one protein that interacted with the nucleoprotein (NP) from the H5N1 HPAIV strain of DK212. Through confocal microscopy images and Co-IP assay, we confirmed NP could interact with duPIAS2. Overexpression of duPIAS2 in primary duck embryo fibroblast (DEF) cells was shown to promote DK212 replication, and knockdown of duPIAS2 could repress DK212 replication. We further found duPIAS2 could promote NP SUMOylation through duck SUMO1 (duSUMO1), and the potential SUMOylation sites of NP were at lysines 7, 48, and 87. Furthermore, duPIAS2 promoted the replication of DK212, here relying on the activity of its SUMO E3 ligase. Duck SENP1 (duSENP1), a deSUMOylation enzyme, could repress NP SUMOylation and also inhibit DK212 replication. Together, we identified duPIAS2 could interact with NP and that duPIAS2 promoted H5N1 HPAIV replication, which might be related to NP SUMOylation.	0
Abstract2class: Geographical Distribution of Methanogenic Archaea in Nine Representative Paddy Soils in China Abstract: Paddy field methanogenic archaea are responsible for methane (CH4) production and contribute significantly to climate change. The information regarding the spatial variations in the abundance, the diversity and the composition of such ecologically important microbes, however, is quite limited at large scale. In this investigation, we studied the abundance, alpha diversity and geographical distribution of methanogenic archaeal communities in nine representative paddy sites, along a large latitudinal gradient in China, using pyrosequencing and real-time quantitative PCR. It is found that all paddy soils harbor constant methanogenic archaeal constituents, which is dominated by family Methanocellaceae (37.3%), Methanobacteriaceae (22.1%), Methanosaetaceae (17.2%), and Methanosarcinaceae (9.8%). Methanogenic archaeal abundance is primarily influenced by soil C (R = 0.612, P = 0.001) and N (R = 0.673, P = 0.001) contents, as well as alpha diversity by soil pH (PD: R = -0.552, P = 0.006; Chao1: R = -0.615, P = 0.002). Further exploration revealed that both spatial distance (R = 0.3469, P = 0.001, partial mental test) and soil chemical variables mainly about soil C and N (R = 0.2847, P = 0.001) are the two major factors affecting methanogenic archaeal community composition distribution in paddy soils. This finding will allow us to develop a better picture of the biogeographic ranges of these ecologically important microbes and get deeper insights into their ecology.	0
Abstract2class: Plant-Soil-Microbiota Combination for the Removal of Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons (TPH): An In-Field Experiment Abstract: The contamination of soil with total petroleum hydrocarbons (TPH) may result in dramatic consequences and needs great attention, as soil rehabilitation would need more effort from a sustainability perspective. However, there is still no known general method since the remediation technology is strictly site-specific. Adaptive biological system dynamics can play a key role in understanding and addressing the potential of situ-specific biological combinations for soil pollutants removal. The potential worst-case of TPH contamination reflects soil affected by heavy industrial activities, such as oil refineries. Therefore, the experimental trial was conducted on a 2,000 m2 area from a contaminated site located in northern Italy. We evaluated the remediation potential over time (270 days) assessing (i) the phytoremediation efficiency of two species of Poaceae (Festuca arundinacea Schreb. and Dactylis glomerata L.) and two species of Fabaceae (Medicago sativa L. and Lotus corniculatus L.) and (ii) the role of the indigenous bacteria flora and endo-mycorrhizae consortium addition in plant growth promotion. We also induced resistance to contamination stress in a field experiment. Thirty-three indigenous bacteria selected from the contaminated soils showed marked plant growth promotion. Moreover, functional metagenomics confirmed the metabolic capability of hydrocarbon-degrading microorganisms living in the polluted soil. Our data showed that soil enzymatic activities increased with hydrocarbon degradation rate after 60 days. Both Poaceae and Fabaceae resulted in remarkable remediation potential. Stress markers and antioxidant activity indicated that the selected plant species generally need some time to adapt to TPH stress. In conclusion, our evaluation implied both the rhizosphere effects and functional features of the plant and suggested that plants should (i) have marked tolerance to specific contaminants, (ii) be characterized by an extensive root system, and (iii) be susceptible to arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) infection.	0
Abstract2class: An Update on Candida tropicalis Based on Basic and Clinical Approaches Abstract: Candida tropicalis has emerged as one of the most important Candida species. It has been widely considered the second most virulent Candida species, only preceded by C. albicans. Besides, this species has been recognized as a very strong biofilm producer, surpassing C. albicans in most of the studies. In addition, it produces a wide range of other virulence factors, including: adhesion to buccal epithelial and endothelial cells; the secretion of lytic enzymes, such as proteinases, phospholipases, and hemolysins, bud-to-hyphae transition (also called morphogenesis) and the phenomenon called phenotypic switching. This is a species very closely related to C. albicans and has been easily identified with both phenotypic and molecular methods. In addition, no cryptic sibling species were yet described in the literature, what is contradictory to some other medically important Candida species. C. tropicalis is a clinically relevant species and may be the second or third etiological agent of candidemia, specifically in Latin American countries and Asia. Antifungal resistance to the azoles, polyenes, and echinocandins has already been described. Apart from all these characteristics, C. tropicalis has been considered an osmotolerant microorganism and this ability to survive to high salt concentration may be important for fungal persistence in saline environments. This physiological characteristic makes this species suitable for use in biotechnology processes. Here we describe an update of C. tropicalis, focusing on all these previously mentioned subjects.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of Virulence Factors In vitro, Resistance to Osmotic Stress and Antifungal Susceptibility of Candida tropicalis Isolated from the Coastal Environment of Northeast Brazil Abstract: Several studies have been developed regarding human health risks associated with the recreational use of beaches contaminated with domestic sewage. These wastes contain various micro-organisms, including Candida tropicalis. In this context, the objective of this study was to characterize C. tropicalis isolates from the sandy beach of Ponta Negra, Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil, regarding the expression of in vitro virulence factors, adaptation to osmotic stress and susceptibility to antifungal drugs. We analyzed 62 environmental isolates and observed a great variation among them for the various virulence factors evaluated. In general, environmental isolates were more adherent to human buccal epithelial cells (HBEC) than C. tropicalis ATCC13803 reference strain, and they also showed increased biofilm production. Most of the isolates presented wrinkled phenotypes on Spider medium (34 isolates, 54.8%). The majority of the isolates also showed higher proteinase production than control strains, but low phospholipase activity. In addition, 35 isolates (56.4%) had high hemolytic activity (hemolysis index > 0.55). With regard to C. tropicalis resistance to osmotic stress, 85.4% of the isolates were able to grow in a liquid medium containing 15% sodium chloride. The strains were highly resistant to the azoles tested (fluconazole, voriconazole and itraconazole). Fifteen strains were resistant to the three azoles tested (24.2%). Some strains were also resistant to amphotericin B (14 isolates; 22.6%), while all of them were susceptible for the echinocandins tested, except for a single strain of intermediate susceptibility to micafungin. Our results demonstrate that C. tropicalis isolated from the sand can fully express virulence attributes and showed a high persistence capacity on the coastal environment; in addition of showing high minimal inhibitory concentrations to several antifungal drugs used in current clinical practice, demonstrating that environmental isolates may have pathogenic potential.	0
Abstract2class: Valproic Acid Induces Antimicrobial Compound Production in Doratomyces microspores Abstract: One of the biggest challenges in public health is the rising number of antibiotic resistant pathogens and the lack of novel antibiotics. In recent years there is a rising focus on fungi as sources of antimicrobial compounds due to their ability to produce a large variety of bioactive compounds and the observation that virtually every fungus may still contain yet unknown so called "cryptic," often silenced, compounds. These putative metabolites could include novel bioactive compounds. Considerable effort is spent on methods to induce production of these "cryptic" metabolites. One approach is the use of small molecule effectors, potentially influencing chromatin landscape in fungi. We observed that the supernatant of the fungus Doratomyces (D.) microsporus treated with valproic acid (VPA) displayed antimicrobial activity against Staphylococcus (S.) aureus and two methicillin resistant clinical S. aureus isolates. VPA treatment resulted in enhanced production of seven antimicrobial compounds: cyclo-(L-proline-L-methionine) (cPM), p-hydroxybenzaldehyde, cyclo-(phenylalanine-proline) (cFP), indole-3-carboxylic acid, phenylacetic acid (PAA) and indole-3-acetic acid. The production of the antimicrobial compound phenyllactic acid was exclusively detectable after VPA treatment. Furthermore three compounds, cPM, cFP, and PAA, were able to boost the antimicrobial activity of other antimicrobial compounds. cPM, for the first time isolated from fungi, and to a lesser extent PAA, are even able to decrease the minimal inhibitory concentration of ampicillin in MRSA strains. In conclusion we could show in this study that VPA treatment is a potent tool for induction of "cryptic" antimicrobial compound production in fungi, and that the induced compounds are not exclusively linked to the secondary metabolism. Furthermore this is the first discovery of the rare diketopiperazine cPM in fungi. Additionally we could demonstrate that cPM and PAA boost antibiotic activity against antibiotic resistant strains, suggesting a possible application in combinatorial antibiotic treatment against resistant pathogens.	0
Abstract2class: Replicon typing of plasmids carrying bla CTX-M-1 in Enterobacteriaceae of animal, environmental and human origin Abstract: Objectives:                       The aim of this work was to determine the plasmid replicon profiles of a collection of bla CTX-M-1-positive enterobacterial strains. The isolates originated from chicken in the production pyramid, healthy food-producing animals at slaughter (chicken, calves, and pigs), chicken retail meat, environmental isolates originating from water bodies, and isolates from humans. A selection of IncI and IncN plasmids were characterized by multilocus sequence typing in order to determine their epidemiological relatedness.                  Methods:                       Transconjugants of 74 bla CTX-M-1-positive isolates were analyzed by PCR-based replicon typing and by PCR-based plasmid multilocus sequence typing.                  Results:                       The incompatibility groups detected among the bla CTX-M-1-harboring plasmids included IncI1, IncN, IncHI1B, IncF, IncFIIS, IncFIB, and IncB/O, with plasmid lineage IncI1/ST3 predominating in isolates from chicken and from humans. Lineage IncN/ST1 was detected mainly in isolates from pigs. For the first time, bla CTX-M-1 genes encoded on IncHI1 plasmids were detected in isolates from cattle and from water bodies.                  Conclusions:                       This study identifies plasmid lineages that are contributing to the dissemination of bla CTX-M-1 genes in the food chain, the environment, and humans.	0
Abstract2class: Vertical transmission of highly similar bla CTX-M-1-harboring IncI1 plasmids in Escherichia coli with different MLST types in the poultry production pyramid Abstract: Objectives:                       The purpose of this study was to characterize sets of extended-spectrum β-lactamases (ESBL)-producing Enterobacteriaceae collected longitudinally from different flocks of broiler breeders, meconium of 1-day-old broilers from theses breeder flocks, as well as from these broiler flocks before slaughter.                  Methods:                       Five sets of ESBL-producing Escherichia coli were studied by multi-locus sequence typing (MLST), phylogenetic grouping, PCR-based replicon typing and resistance profiling. The bla CTX-M-1-harboring plasmids of one set (pHV295.1, pHV114.1, and pHV292.1) were fully sequenced and subjected to comparative analysis.                  Results:                       Eleven different MLST sequence types (ST) were identified with ST1056 the predominant one, isolated in all five sets either on the broiler breeder or meconium level. Plasmid sequencing revealed that bla CTX-M-1 was carried by highly similar IncI1/ST3 plasmids that were 105 076 bp, 110 997 bp, and 117 269 bp in size, respectively.                  Conclusions:                       The fact that genetically similar IncI1/ST3 plasmids were found in ESBL-producing E. coli of different MLST types isolated at the different levels in the broiler production pyramid provides strong evidence for a vertical transmission of these plasmids from a common source (nucleus poultry flocks).	0
Abstract2class: Investigation on the Evolution of Shiga Toxin-Converting Phages Based on Whole Genome Sequencing Abstract: Bacteriophages are pivotal elements in the dissemination of virulence genes. The main virulence determinants of Shiga Toxin producing E. coli, Shiga Toxins (Stx), are encoded by genes localized in the genome of lambdoid bacteriophages. Stx comprise two antigenically different types, Stx1 and Stx2, further divided into subtypes. Among these, certain Stx2 subtypes appear to be more commonly occurring in the most severe forms of the STEC disease, haemorrhagic colitis and haemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS). This study aimed at obtaining insights on the evolution of Stx2 bacteriophages, due to their relevance in public health, and we report here on the analysis of the genomic structure of Stx2 converting phages in relation with the known reservoir of the E. coli strains harboring them. Stx2-converting phages conveying the genes encoding different stx2 subtypes have been isolated from STEC strains and their whole genomes have been sequenced, analyzed and compared to those of other Stx2 phages available in the public domain. The phages' regions containing the stx2 genes have been analyzed in depth allowing to make inference on the possible mechanisms of selection and maintenance of certain Stx2 phages in the reservoir. The "stx regions" of different stx2 gene subtypes grouped into three different evolutionary lines in the comparative analysis, reflecting the frequency with which these subtypes are found in different animal niches, suggesting that the colonization of specific reservoir by STEC strains could be influenced by the Stx phage that they carry. Noteworthy, we could identify the presence of nanS-p gene exclusively in the "stx regions" of the phages identified in STEC strains commonly found in cattle. As a matter of fact, this gene encodes an esterase capable of metabolizing sialic acids produced by submaxillary glands of bovines and present in great quantities in their gastrointestinal tract.	0
Abstract2class: Synergistic Interactions in Microbial Biofilms Facilitate the Establishment of Opportunistic Pathogenic Fungi in Household Dishwashers Abstract: Biofilms formed on rubber seals in dishwashers harbor diverse microbiota. In this study, we focussed on the microbial composition of bacteria and fungi, isolated from a defined area of one square centimeter of rubber from four domestic dishwashers and assessed their abilities to in vitro multispecies biofilm formation. A total of 80 isolates (64 bacterial and 16 fungal) were analyzed. Multiple combinations of bacterial isolates from each dishwasher were screened for synergistic interactions. 32 out of 140 tested (23%) four-species bacterial combinations displayed consistent synergism leading to an overall increase in biomass, in all experimental trails. Bacterial isolates from two of the four dishwashers generated a high number of synergistically interacting four-species consortia. Network based correlation analyses also showed higher co-occurrence patterns observed between bacterial members in the same two dishwasher samples, indicating cooperative effects. Furthermore, two synergistic four-species bacterial consortia were tested for their abilities to incorporate an opportunistic fungal pathogen, Exophiala dermatitidis and their establishment as biofilms on sterile ethylene propylene diene monomer M-class (EPDM) rubber and polypropylene (PP) surfaces. When the bacterial consortia included E. dermatitidis, the overall cell numbers of both bacteria and fungi increased and a substantial increase in biofilm biomass was observed. These results indicate a novel phenomenon of cross kingdom synergy in biofilm formation and these observations could have potential implications for human health.	0
Abstract2class: Engineering Haloferax mediterranei as an Efficient Platform for High Level Production of Lycopene Abstract: Lycopene attracts increasing interests in the pharmaceutical, food, and cosmetic industries due to its anti-oxidative and anti-cancer properties. Compared with other lycopene production methods, such as chemical synthesis or direct extraction from plants, the biosynthesis approach using microbes is more economical and sustainable. In this work, we engineered Haloferax mediterranei, a halophilic archaeon, as a new lycopene producer. H. mediterranei has the de novo synthetic pathway for lycopene but cannot accumulate this compound. To address this issue, we reinforced the lycopene synthesis pathway, blocked its flux to other carotenoids and disrupted its competitive pathways. The reaction from geranylgeranyl-PP to phytoene catalyzed by phytoene synthase (CrtB) was identified as the rate-limiting step in H. mediterranei. Insertion of a strong promoter PphaR immediately upstream of the crtB gene, or overexpression of the heterologous CrtB and phytoene desaturase (CrtI) led to a higher yield of lycopene. In addition, blocking bacterioruberin biosynthesis increased the purity and yield of lycopene. Knock-out of the key genes, responsible for poly(3-hydroxybutyrate-co-3-hydroxyvalerate) (PHBV) biosynthesis, diverted more carbon flux into lycopene synthesis, and thus further enhanced lycopene production. The metabolic engineered H. mediterranei strain produced lycopene at 119.25 ± 0.55 mg per gram of dry cell weight in shake flask fermentation. The obtained yield was superior compared to the lycopene production observed in most of the engineered Escherichia coli or yeast even when they were cultivated in pilot scale bioreactors. Collectively, this work offers insights into the mechanism involved in carotenoid biosynthesis in haloarchaea and demonstrates the potential of using haloarchaea for the production of lycopene or other carotenoids.	0
Abstract2class: Emission of cyanobacterial volatile organic compounds and their roles in blooms Abstract: Cyanobacteria are photosynthetic prokaryotes and one of dominant species in eutrophicated waters, which easily burst blooms in summer with high irradiance and temperature conditions. In response to high irradiance, high temperature, and nutrient conditions, cyanobacteria release abundant of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) by up-regulating related gene expression and oxidatively degrading β-carotene. These VOCs not only increase offensive odor in waters, but also transfer allelopathic signals to algae and aquatic plants, resulting in cyanobacteria dominating eutrophicated waters. Among these VOCs, β-cyclocitral, α-ionone, β-ionone, limonene, longifolene, and eucalyptol have been identified as the main allelopathic agents, which even directly kill algae by inducing programmed cell death (PCD). The VOCs released from cyanobacteria, especially the ruptured cells, exhibit repelling effects on the herbivores, which is beneficial to survival of the population. Cyanobacterial VOCs might transfer aggregating information among homogeneous species, so the acceptors initiate aggregation to resist the coming stresses. It can be speculated that the adverse conditions can promote VOC emission from cyanobacteria, which play important roles in cyanobacteria dominating eutrophicated waters and even bursting blooms.	0
Abstract2class: Why Algae Release Volatile Organic Compounds-The Emission and Roles Abstract: A wide spectrum of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are released from algae in aquatic ecosystems. Environmental factors such as light, temperature, nutrition conditions and abiotic stresses affect their emission. These VOCs can enhance the resistance to abiotic stresses, transfer information between algae, play allelopathic roles, and protect against predators. For homogeneous algae, the VOCs released from algal cells under stress conditions transfer stress information to other cells, and induce the acceptors to make a preparation for the upcoming stresses. For heterogeneous algae and aquatic macrophytes, the VOCs show allelopathic effects on the heterogeneous neighbors, which benefit to the emitter growth and competing for nutrients. In cyanobacterial VOCs, some compounds such as limonene, eucalyptol, β-cyclocitral, α-ionone, β-ionone and geranylacetone have been detected as the allelopathic agents. In addition, VOCs can protect the emitters from predation by predators. It can be speculated that the emission of VOCs is critical for algae coping with the complicated and changeable aquatic ecosystems.	0
Abstract2class: Development and Application of a Novel Rapid and Throughput Method for Broad-Spectrum Anti-Foodborne Norovirus Antibody Testing Abstract: Foodbone norovirus (NoV) is the leading cause of acute gastroenteritis worldwide. Candidate vaccines are being developed, however, no licensed vaccines are currently available for managing NoV infections. Screening for stimulated antibodies with broad-spectrum binding activities can be performed for the development of NoV polyvalent vaccines. In this study, we aimed to develop an indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for testing the broad spectrum of anti-NoV antibodies. Capsid P proteins from 28 representative NoV strains (GI.1-GI.9 and GII.1-GII.22 except GII.11, GII.18, and GII.19) were selected, prepared, and used as coating antigens on one microplate. Combined with incubation and the horseradish peroxidase chromogenic reaction, the entire process for testing the spectrum of unknown antibodies required 2 h for completion. The intra-assay and inter-assay coefficients of variation were less than 10%. The new method was successfully performed with monoclonal antibodies and polyclonal antibodies induced by multiple antigens. In conclusion, the indirect ELISA assay developed in this study had a good performance of reliability, convenience, and high-throughput screening for broad-spectrum antibodies.	0
Abstract2class: Biological Properties of Low-Toxic PLGA and PLGA/PHB Fibrous Nanocomposite Scaffolds for Osseous Tissue Regeneration. Evaluation of Potential Bioactivity Abstract: Abstracts: The aim of the study was to evaluate the biocompatibility and bioactivity of two new prototype implants for bone tissue regeneration made from biodegradable fibrous materials. The first is a newly developed poly(l-lactide-co-glycolide), (PLGA), and the second is a blend of PLGA with synthetic poly([R,S]-3-hydroxybutyrate) (PLGA/PHB). The implant prototypes comprise PLGA or PLGA/PHB nonwoven fabrics with designed pore structures to create the best conditions for cell proliferation. The bioactivity of the proposed implants was enhanced by introducing a hydroxyapatite material and a biologically active agent, namely, growth factor IGF1, encapsulated in calcium alginate microspheres. To assess the biocompatibility and bioactivity, allergenic tests and an assessment of the local reaction of bone tissue after implantation were performed. Comparative studies of local tissue response after implantation into trochanters for a period of 12 months were performed on New Zealand rabbits. Based on the results of the in vivo evaluation of the allergenic effects and the local tissue reaction 12 months after implantation, it was concluded that the two implant prototypes, PLGA + IGF1 and PLGA/PHB + IGF1, were characterized by high biocompatibility with the soft and bone tissues of the tested animals.	0
Abstract2class: Activities of ten essential oils towards Propionibacterium acnes and PC-3, A-549 and MCF-7 cancer cells Abstract: Ten essential oils, namely, mint (Mentha spicata L., Lamiaceae), ginger (Zingiber officinale Rosc., Zingiberaceae), lemon (Citrus limon Burm.f., Rutaceae), grapefruit (Citrus paradisi Macf., Rutaceae), jasmine (Jasminum grandiflora L., Oleaceae), lavender (Mill., Lamiaceae), chamomile (Matricaria chamomilla L., Compositae), thyme (Thymus vulgaris L., Lamiaceae), rose (Rosa damascena Mill., Rosaceae) and cinnamon (Cinnamomum zeylanicum N. Lauraceae) were tested for their antibacterial activities towards Propionibacterium acnes and in vitro toxicology against three human cancer cell lines. Thyme, cinnamon and rose essential oils exhibited the best antibacterial activities towards P. acnes, with inhibition diameters of 40 +/- 1.2 mm, 33.5 +/- 1.5 mm and 16.5 +/- 0.7 mm, and minimal inhibitory concentrations of 0.016% (v/v), 0.016% (v/v) and 0.031% (v/v), respectively. Time-kill dynamic procedures showed that thyme, cinnamon, rose, and lavender essential oils exhibited the strongest bactericidal activities at a concentration of 0.25% (v/v), and P. acnes was completely killed after 5 min. The thyme essential oil exhibited the strongest cytotoxicity towards three human cancer cells. Its inhibition concentration 50% (IC(50)) values on PC-3, A549 and MCF-7 tumor cell lines were 0.010% (v/v), 0.011% (v/v) and 0.030% (v/v), respectively. The cytotoxicity of 10 essential oils on human prostate carcinoma cell (PC-3) was significantly stronger than on human lung carcinoma (A549) and human breast cancer (MCF-7) cell lines.	0
Abstract2class: Effects of P-glycoprotein and its inhibitors on apoptosis in K562 cells Abstract: P-glycoprotein (P-gp) is a major factor in multidrug resistance (MDR) which is a serious obstacle in chemotherapy. P-gp has also been implicated in causing apoptosis of tumor cells, which was shown to be another important mechanism of MDR recently. To study the influence of P-gp in tumor cell apoptosis, K562/A cells (P-gp+) and K562/S cells (P-gp-) were subjected to doxorubicin (Dox), serum withdrawal, or independent co-incubation with multiple P-gp inhibitors, including valspodar (PSC833), verapamil (Ver) and H108 to induce apoptosis. Apoptosis was simultaneously detected by apoptotic rate, cell cycle by flow cytometry and cysteine aspartic acid-specific protease 3 (caspase 3) activity by immunoassay. Cytotoxicity and apoptosis induced by PSC833 were evaluated through an MTT method and apoptosis rate, and cell cycle combined with caspase 3 activity, respectively. The results show that K562/A cells are more resistant to apoptosis and cell cycle arrest than K562/S cells after treatment with Dox or serum deprivation. The apoptosis of K562/A cells increased after co-incubation with each of the inhibitors of P-gp. P-gp inhibitors also enhanced cell cycle arrest in K562/A cell. PSC833 most strikingly decreased viability and led to apoptosis and S phase arrest of cell cycle in K562/A cells. Our study demonstrates that P-gp inhibits the apoptosis of tumor cells in addition to participating in the efflux of intracellular chemotherapy drugs. The results of the caspase 3 activity assay also suggest that the role of P-gp in apoptosis avoidance is caspase-related.	0
Abstract2class: Chemical genetics of acetyl-CoA carboxylases Abstract: Chemical genetic studies on acetyl-CoA carboxylases (ACCs), rate-limiting enzymes in long chain fatty acid biosynthesis, have greatly advanced the understanding of their biochemistry and molecular biology and promoted the use of ACCs as targets for herbicides in agriculture and for development of drugs for diabetes, obesity and cancers. In mammals, ACCs have both biotin carboxylase (BC) and carboxyltransferase (CT) activity, catalyzing carboxylation of acetyl-CoA to malonyl-CoA. Several classes of small chemicals modulate ACC activity, including cellular metabolites, natural compounds, and chemically synthesized products. This article reviews chemical genetic studies of ACCs and the use of ACCs for targeted therapy of cancers.	0
Abstract2class: Microneedle-Assisted Percutaneous Delivery of a Tetramethylpyrazine-Loaded Microemulsion Abstract: This study examined the efficacy of the percutaneous delivery of a tetramethylpyrazine-loaded microemulsion (TMP-ME) on skin pretreated with microneedles (MN). The TMP-ME formulation was optimized in vitro with skin permeation experiments, using a uniform experimental design, guided by a pseudo-ternary phase diagram, in which the TMP skin permeation level and mean particle size were indices. The effects of MN pretreatment on skin permeation by TMP-ME were assessed using in vitro skin permeation, in vivo skin microdialysis, and pharmacokinetic studies in rats. The influence of MN pretreatment on the skin barrier function was evaluated by measuring the electrical resistance of rat skin before and after MN insertion. In the optimal formulation of TMP-ME, the weight percentages of Maisine® 35-1 (oil phase), Labrasol® (surfactant), and Transcutol® P (co-surfactant) were 7%, 30% and 10%, respectively, with 1.5% TMP loading. In the in vitro skin permeation study, MN-assisted TMP-ME exhibited a two-fold increase in a 24-h cumulative TMP permeation compared with TMP-ME alone (p < 0.05). In the skin microdialysis study, TMP in MN-assisted TMP-ME exhibited a 1.25-fold increase in Cmax, a 0.93-fold decrease in Tmax, and a 0.88-fold increase in AUC0-t (p < 0.05). Similarly, in the pharmacokinetic study, TMP in MN-assisted TMP-ME exhibited a 2.11-fold increase in Cmax, a 0.67-fold decrease in Tmax, and a 1.07-fold increase in AUC0-t (p < 0.05). The percutaneous electrical resistance of rat skin before and after MN insertion was 850 ± 50 Ω/cm² and 283 ± 104 Ω/cm² respectively, indicating that MN dramatically compromises the skin barrier. These results suggest that MN assistance increases the skin permeation rate and the extent of percutaneous absorption of TMP-ME, and that the mechanism may involve the reversible barrier perturbation effect. The rate and extent of percutaneous absorption of TMP-ME can be significantly enhanced by MN assistance, possibly because MN causes a reversible barrier perturbation effect on skin.	0
Abstract2class: Drug Discovery of Host CLK1 Inhibitors for Influenza Treatment Abstract: The rapid evolution of influenza virus makes antiviral drugs less effective, which is considered to be a major bottleneck in antiviral therapy. The key proteins in the host cells, which are related with the replication cycle of influenza virus, are regarded as potential drug targets due to their distinct advantage of lack of evolution and drug resistance. Cdc2-like kinase 1 (CLK1) in the host cells is responsible for alternative splicing of the M2 gene of influenza virus during influenza infection and replication. In this study, we carried out baculovirus-mediated expression and purification of CLK1 and established a reliable screening assay for CLK1 inhibitors. After a virtual screening of CLK1 inhibitors was performed, the activities of the selected compounds were evaluated. Finally, several compounds with strong inhibitory activity against CLK1 were discovered and their in vitro anti-influenza virus activities were validated using a cytopathic effect (CPE) reduction assay. The assay results showed that clypearin, corilagin, and pinosylvine were the most potential anti-influenza virus compounds as CLK1 inhibitors among the compounds tested. These findings will provide important information for new drug design and development in influenza treatment, and CLK1 may be a potent drug target for anti-influenza drug screening and discovery.	0
Abstract2class: Metabolic Responses of Bacterial Cells to Immobilization Abstract: In recent years immobilized cells have commonly been used for various biotechnological applications, e.g., antibiotic production, soil bioremediation, biodegradation and biotransformation of xenobiotics in wastewater treatment plants. Although the literature data on the physiological changes and behaviour of cells in the immobilized state remain fragmentary, it is well documented that in natural settings microorganisms are mainly found in association with surfaces, which results in biofilm formation. Biofilms are characterized by genetic and physiological heterogeneity and the occurrence of altered microenvironments within the matrix. Microbial cells in communities display a variety of metabolic differences as compared to their free-living counterparts. Immobilization of bacteria can occur either as a natural phenomenon or as an artificial process. The majority of changes observed in immobilized cells result from protection provided by the supports. Knowledge about the main physiological responses occurring in immobilized cells may contribute to improving the efficiency of immobilization techniques. This paper reviews the main metabolic changes exhibited by immobilized bacterial cells, including growth rate, biodegradation capabilities, biocatalytic efficiency and plasmid stability.	0
Abstract2class: Unusual structure-energy correlations in intramolecular Diels-Alder reaction transition states Abstract: Detailed analysis of calculated data from an experimental/computational study of intramolecular furan Diels-Alder reactions has led to the unusual discovery that the mean contraction of the newly forming C-C σ-bonds from the transition state to the product shows a linear correlation with both reaction Gibbs free energies and reverse energy barriers. There is evidence for a similar correlation in other intramolecular Diels-Alder reactions involving non-aromatic dienes. No such correlation is found for intermolecular Diels-Alder reactions.	0
Abstract2class: Anticancer and multidrug resistance-reversal effects of solanidine analogs synthetized from pregnadienolone acetate Abstract: A set of solanidine analogs with antiproliferative properties were recently synthetized from pregnadienolone acetate, which occurs in Nature. The aim of the present study was an in vitro characterization of their antiproliferative action and an investigation of their multidrug resistance-reversal activity on cancer cells. Six of the compounds elicited the accumulation of a hypodiploid population of HeLa cells, indicating their apoptosis-inducing character, and another one caused cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase. The most effective agents inhibited the activity of topoisomerase I, as evidenced by plasmid supercoil relaxation assays. One of the most potent analogs down-regulated the expression of cell-cycle related genes at the mRNA level, including tumor necrosis factor alpha and S-phase kinase-associated protein 2, and induced growth arrest and DNA damage protein 45 alpha. Some of the investigated compounds inhibited the ABCB1 transporter and caused rhodamine-123 accumulation in murine lymphoma cells transfected by human MDR1 gene, expressing the efflux pump (L5178). One of the most active agents in this aspect potentiated the antiproliferative action of doxorubicin without substantial intrinsic cytostatic capacity. The current results indicate that the modified solanidine skeleton is a suitable substrate for the rational design and synthesis of further innovative drug candidates with anticancer activities.	0
Abstract2class: Melatonin Improves the Photosynthetic Carbon Assimilation and Antioxidant Capacity in Wheat Exposed to Nano-ZnO Stress Abstract: The release of nanoparticles into the environment is inevitable, which has raised global environmental concern. Melatonin is involved in various stress responses in plants. The present study investigated the effects of melatonin on photosynthetic carbon (C) assimilation and plant growth in nano-ZnO stressed plants. It was found that melatonin improved the photosynthetic C assimilation in nano-ZnO stressed wheat plants, mainly due to the enhanced photosynthetic energy transport efficiency, higher chlorophyll concentration and higher activities of Rubisco and ATPases. In addition, melatonin enhanced the activities of antioxidant enzymes to protect the photosynthetic electron transport system in wheat leaves against the oxidative burst caused by nano-ZnO stress. These results suggest that melatonin could improve the tolerance of wheat plants to nano-ZnO stress.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis and application in polypropylene of a novel of phosphorus-containing intumescent flame retardant Abstract: A novel phosphorus-containing triazine oligomer poly(2-morpholinyl-4-penta-erythritol phosphate-1,3,5-triazine) (PMPT) was synthesized as a kind of tri-component intumescent flame retardant (IFR). The chemical structure of PMPT was characterized by FTIR, 1H-NMR and 31P-NMR, and the mechanical and flammability properties of FR-PP were measured. The FTIR results showed that the expected chemical reactions had happened at each step. The 1H-NMR and 31P-NMR spectra also agreed with the chemical structure of PMPT. The slight effect of PMPT on the mechanical properties of FR-PP suggested that PMPT and PP are compatible. The high limited oxygen index (LOI) values of FR-PP revealed that PMPT was an efficient IFR and there was the synergistic effect between PMPT and ammonium polyphosphate/ pentaerythritol (APP/PER).	0
Abstract2class: Antibacterial and synergy of berberines with antibacterial agents against clinical multi-drug resistant isolates of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Abstract: Antibacterial activity of berberine (Ber) and 8-acetonyl-dihydroberberine (A-Ber) alone and combined uses with antibacterial agents ampicillin (AMP), azithromycin (AZM), cefazolin (CFZ) and levofloxacin (LEV) was studied on 10 clinical isolates of SCCmec III type methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Susceptibility to each agent alone was tested using a broth microdilution method and the chequerboard and time-kill tests for the combined evaluations, respectively. The alone MICs/MBCs (μg/mL) ranges were 32-128/64-256 (Ber) and 32-128/128-512 (A-Ber). Significant synergies were observed for the Ber (A-Ber)/AZM and Ber (A-Ber)/LEV combinations against 90% of the tested MRSA strains, with fractional inhibitory concentration indices (FICIs) values ranged from 0.188 to 0.500. An additivity result was also observed for the Ber/AZM combination by time-kill curves. These results demonstrated for the first time that Ber and A-Ber enhanced the in vitro inhibitory efficacy of AZM and LEV to a same extent, which had potential for further investigation in combinatory therapeutic applications of patients infected with MRSA.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluation of traditional Chinese medicinal plants for anti-MRSA activity with reference to the treatment record of infectious diseases Abstract: The in vitro antimicrobial activities of 30 Chinese medicinal plants were evaluated with reference to the treatment record of infectious diseases in the Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) literature. The plant materials were extracted with 80% ethanol and the extracts were primarily screened against conventional clinical pathogens like Staphylococcus aureus, Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Candida albicans by the agar diffusion method. Their inhibition zone diameters (IZDs, mm, 50 mg/mL) ranged from 2,048 by the standard broth microdilution method. The seven extracts from M. yunnanensis, S. sinensis, G. morella, E. daneillii, M. squamulata, S. arborescens and B. hancei were determined as the most active extracts, with MICs of 8-64 μg/mL. The results were in good agreement with their traditional applications in skin and other infections.	0
Abstract2class: Synergistic antibacterial and antibiotic effects of bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloids on clinical isolates of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) Abstract: The antibacterial activity of two bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloids, tetrandrine (Tet) and demethyltetrandrine (d-Tet), alone and in combination with the antibiotics ampicillin (AMP), azithromycin (AZM), cefazolin (CFZ) and levofloxacin (LEV) against 10 clinical isolates of staphylococcal chromosomal cassette mec (SCCmec) III type methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) was studied. Susceptibility to each agent alone was tested using a broth microdilution method. The chequerboard and time-kill tests were used for the combined evaluations. The minimal inhibitory concentrations/minimal bactericidal concentrations (MICs/MBCs, μg/mL) ranges alone were 64-128/256-1,024 for both Tet and d-Tet. Significant synergies against 90% of the isolates were observed for the Tet/CFZ combination, with their MICs being reduced by 75-94% [fractional inhibitory concentration indices (FICIs) ranged from 0.188 to 0.625], respectively. An additive bactericidal result was also observed for the Tet (d-Tet)/CFZ combination in the time-kill experiments. These results demonstrated that Tet and d-Tet enhanced the in vitro inhibitory efficacy of CFZ. Their potential for combinatory therapy of patients infected with MRSA warrants further pharmacological investigation.	0
Abstract2class: In vitro activity of plant extracts and alkaloids against clinical isolates of extended-spectrum β-lactamase (ESBL)-producing strains Abstract: The antibacterial activity of 80% ethanol extracts of 10 medicinal plants collected in Yunnan (Southwest China), was tested against clinical isolates of extended-spectrum β-lactamase (ESBL)-producing strains. Their MIC values ranged between 1.56-12.50 mg/mL. The most active plant extract was Chelidonium majus L. (MIC = 1.56 mg/mL). Two potent isoquinoline alkaloids, 8-hydroxydihydrosanguinarine and 8-hydroxydihydrochelerythrine, were identified as the major active principles through bioassay-guided fractionation and identification of the active ethyl acetate fraction from C. majus, with minimum MIC/MBC values of 15.63/62.50 mg/mL.	0
Abstract2class: Screening a Natural Product-Based Library against Kinetoplastid Parasites Abstract: Kinetoplastid parasites cause vector-borne parasitic diseases including leishmaniasis, human African trypanosomiasis (HAT) and Chagas disease. These Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) impact on some of the world's lowest socioeconomic communities. Current treatments for these diseases cause severe toxicity and have limited efficacy, highlighting the need to identify new treatments. In this study, the Davis open access natural product-based library was screened against kinetoplastids (Leishmania donovani DD8, Trypanosoma brucei brucei and Trypanosoma cruzi) using phenotypic assays. The aim of this study was to identify hit compounds, with a focus on improved efficacy, selectivity and potential to target several kinetoplastid parasites. The IC50 values of the natural products were obtained for L. donovani DD8, T. b. brucei and T. cruzi in addition to cytotoxicity against the mammalian cell lines, HEK-293, 3T3 and THP-1 cell lines were determined to ascertain parasite selectivity. Thirty-one compounds were identified with IC50 values of ≤ 10 µM against the kinetoplastid parasites tested. Lissoclinotoxin E (1) was the only compound identified with activity across all three investigated parasites, exhibiting IC50 values < 5 µM. In this study, natural products with the potential to be new chemical starting points for drug discovery efforts for kinetoplastid diseases were identified.	0
Abstract2class: Zerumbone Alleviates Neuropathic Pain through the Involvement of l-Arginine-Nitric Oxide-cGMP-K⁺ ATP Channel Pathways in Chronic Constriction Injury in Mice Model Abstract: The present study investigates the involvement of the l-arginine-Nitric Oxide-cGMP-K⁺ ATP pathways responsible for the action of anti-allodynic and antihyperalgesic activities of zerumbone in chronic constriction injury (CCI) induced neuropathic pain in mice. The role of l-arginine-NO-cGMP-K⁺ was assessed by the von Frey and the Randall-Selitto tests. Both allodynia and hyperalgesia assessments were carried out on the 14th day post CCI, 30 min after treatments were given for each respective pathway. Anti-allodynic and antihyperalgesic effects of zerumbone (10 mg/kg, i.p) were significantly reversed by the pre-treatment of l-arginine (10 mg/kg), 1H [1,2,4]Oxadiazole[4,3a]quinoxalin-1-one (ODQ), a soluble guanosyl cyclase blocker (2 mg/kg i.p.) and glibenclamide (ATP-sensitive potassium channel blocker) (10 mg/kg i.p.) (p < 0.05). Taken together, these results indicate that systemic administration of zerumbone produces significant anti-allodynic and antihyperalgesic activities in neuropathic pain in mice possibly due to involvement of the l-arginine-NO-cGMP-PKG-K⁺ ATP channel pathways in CCI model.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis, molecular and crystal structure analysis of 1-(4-Methylbenzenesulfonyl)indole-3-carbaldehyde and DFT investigation of its rotational conformers Abstract: Two independent molecules that differ in terms of rotation about the central S-N bond comprise the asymmetric unit of the title compound 1. The molecules have a V-shape with the dihedral angles between the fused ring system and benzene ring being 79.08(6)° and 72.83(5)°, respectively. The packing is mostly driven by p···p interactions occurring between the tolyl ring of one molecule and the C6 ring of the indole fused ring system of the other. DFT and IRC calculations for these and related 1-(arylsulfonyl)indole molecules showed that the rotational barrier about the S-N bond between conformers is within the 2.5-5.5 kcal/mol range. Crystal data for C16H13NO3S (1): Mr = 299.33, space group Pna21, a = 19.6152(4) Å, b = 11.2736(4) Å, c = 12.6334(3) Å, V = 2793.67(13) Å3, Z = 8, Z' = 2, R = 0.034.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanism of the Zn(II)Phthalocyanines' Photochemical Reactions Depending on the Number of Substituents and Geometry Abstract: In this work, the synthesis and the nonlinear absorption and population dynamics investigation of a series of zinc phthalocyanines (ZnPcs) dissolved in chloroform are reported. In order to determine the relevant spectroscopic parameters, such as absorption cross-sections of singlet and triplet excited states, fluorescence relaxation times, intersystem crossing, radiative decay and internal conversion, different optical and spectroscopic techniques were used. By single pulse and pulse train Z-scan techniques, respectively, singlet and triplet excited states' absorption cross-section were determined at 532 nm. Furthermore, the intersystem crossing time was obtained by using both techniques combined with the fluorescence lifetime determined by time-resolved fluorescence. The radiative and internal conversion rates were determined from the fluorescence quantum yield of the samples. Such spectroscopy parameters are fundamental for selecting photosensitizers used in photodynamic therapy, as well as for many other applications.	0
Abstract2class: Novel flavonol glycosides from the aerial parts of lentil (Lens culinaris) Abstract: While the phytochemical composition of lentil (Lens culinaris) seeds is well described in scientific literature, there is very little available data about secondary metabolites from lentil leaves and stems. Our research reveals that the aerial parts of lentil are a rich source of flavonoids. Six kaempferol and twelve quercetin glycosides were isolated, their structures were elucidated using NMR spectroscopy and chemical methods. This group includes 16 compounds which have not been previously described in the scientific literature: quercetin 3-O-β-D-glucopyranosyl(1→2)-β-D-galactopyranoside-7-O-β-D-glucuropyranoside (1), kaempferol 3-O-β-D-glucopyranosyl(1→2)-β-D-galacto-pyranoside-7-O-β-D-glucuropyranoside (3), their derivatives 4-10,12-15,17,18 acylated with caffeic, p-coumaric, ferulic, or 3,4,5-trihydroxycinnamic acid and kaempferol 3-O-{[(6-O-E-p-coumaroyl)-β-D-glucopyranosyl(1→2)]-α-L-rhamnopyranosyl(1→6)}-β-D-galactopyranoside-7-O-α-L-rhamnopyranoside (11). Their DPPH scavenging activity was also evaluated. This is probably the first detailed description of flavonoids from the aerial parts of lentil.	0
Abstract2class: Quantitative proteomic analysis reveals that serine/threonine kinase is involved in Streptococcus suis virulence and adaption to stress conditions Abstract: The eukaryotic-type serine/threonine kinase of Streptococcus suis serotype 2 (SS2) performs critical roles in bacterial pathogenesis. In this study, isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantification (iTRAQ) MS/MS were used to analyze the protein profiles of wild type strain SS2-1 and its isogenic STK deletion mutant (Δstk). A total of 281 significant differential proteins, including 147 up-regulated and 134 down-regulated proteins, were found in Δstk. Moreover, 69 virulence factors (VFs) among these 281 proteins were predicted by the Virulence Factor Database (VFDB), including 38 downregulated and 31 up-regulated proteins in Δstk, among which 15 down regulated VFs were known VFs of SS2. Among the down-regulated proteins, high temperature requirement A (HtrA), glutamine synthase (GlnA), ferrichrome ABC transporter substrate-binding protein FepB, and Zinc-binding protein AdcA are known to be involved in bacterial survival and/or nutrient and energy acquisition under adverse host conditions. Overall, our results indicate that STK regulates the expression of proteins involved in virulence of SS2 and its adaption to stress environments.	0
Abstract2class: WdChs1p, a class II chitin synthase, is more responsible than WdChs2p (Class I) for normal yeast reproductive growth in the polymorphic, pathogenic fungus Wangiella (Exophiala) dermatitidis Abstract: The chitin synthase gene WdCHS1 was isolated from a partial genomic DNA library of the pathogenic polymorphic fungus Wangiella dermatitidis. Sequencing showed that WdCHS1 encoded a class II chitin synthase composed of 988 amino acids. Disruption of WdCHS1 produced strains that were hyperpigmented in rich media, grew as yeast at wild-type rates at both 25 and 37 degrees C and were as virulent as the wild type in a mouse model. However, detailed morphological and cytological studies of the wdchs1Delta mutants showed that yeast cells often failed to separate, tended to be enriched with chitin in septal regions and, sometimes, were enlarged with multiple nuclei, had broader mother cell-daughter bud regions and had other cell wall defects seen considerably less often than in the wild type or wdchs2 Delta strains. Disruption of WdCHS1 and WdCHS2 in the same background revealed that WdChs1p had functions synergistic to those of WdChs2p, because mutants devoid of both isozymes produced growth that was very abnormal at 25 degrees C and was not viable at 37 degrees C unless osmotically stabilized. These results suggested that WdChs1p was more responsible than WdChs2p for normal yeast cell reproductive growth because strains with defects in the latter exhibited no morphological abnormalities, whereas those with defects in WdChs1p were frequently impaired in one or more yeast developmental processes.	0
Abstract2class: Benzoyl ester formation in Aspergillus ustus by hijacking the polyketide acyl intermediates with alcohols Abstract: Accumulation of two benzoyl esters in Aspergillus ustus after feeding with alcohols was reported 30 years ago. To the best of our knowledge, the biosynthesis for these esters has not been elucidated prior to this study. Here, we demonstrate that these compounds are artifical products of the phenethyl polyketide ustethylin A biosynthestic pathway. In addition, four aditional benzoyl esters with different methylation levels were also isolated and identified as shunt products. Feeding experiments provided evidence that the enzyme-bound polyketide acyl intermediates are hijacked by externally fed MeOH or EtOH, leading to the formation of the benzoyl esters.	0
Abstract2class: Isolation and identification of the Raoultella ornithinolytica-ZK4 degrading pyrethroid pesticides within soil sediment from an abandoned pesticide plant Abstract: We examined how Raoultella ornithinolytica-ZK4 degraded pyrethroid pesticides within soil sediment from an abandoned pesticide plant. Lambda-cypermethrin and deltamethrin are two pyrethroid insecticides with high insecticidal activity and a wide range of applications. However, their increased use has raised concerns regarding toxicity and accumulation. We isolated a strain of ZK4 (Raoultella ornithinolytica-ZK4) from soil taken from a channel that surrounded a pesticide plant. We used enzyme localization to study degrading bacteria ZK4. The ZK4 strain underwent intracellular enzyme degradation. The degradation rates of lambda-cyhalothrin and deltamethrin were 55% and 53%, respectively. The optimum pH of the two kinds of pyrethroids in ZK4 was 6.5, and their optimum temperature was 37 °C. The intracellular degradation of the crude enzyme produced by the ZK4 strain had a pH of 6.0-8.0 and a temperature of 20-42 °C. The ZK4 strain genome contained 5310 genes with a total length of 4,864,494 bp. Sugar metabolism and exogenous chemical metabolism accounted for the largest proportion of metabolic activities. We used the clusters of orthologous groups (COG) alignment and found numbers for 4686 protein sequences, accounting for 88.25% of the total predicted protein. ZK4 degraded lambda-cyhalothrin and deltamethrin, and may serve as a reference for the preparation of future degrading microbial agents to assist with environmental restoration efforts.	0
Abstract2class: Mutations affecting transcription pausing in the Bacillus subtilis pyr operon Abstract: Pausing during transcription of the Bacillus subtilis pyr operon was proposed to play a role in its regulation by attenuation. Substitution mutations in the B. subtilis pyr DNA specifying the 3'-terminal nucleotides of the previously identified transcription pause sites substantially reduced pausing at these sites in vitro. This result confirms the general utility of this mutagenic strategy for studying transcriptional pausing. Pyrimidine-mediated repression in vivo of pyr-lacZ fusions containing some of these substitution mutations was substantially lower than those observed with the wild-type pyr-lacZ fusions. However, these defects in regulation were correlated with alterations in the stability of the terminator stem-loop specified by the attenuator, rather than with their effects on transcriptional pausing in vitro.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of saponins detoxification genes in Ilyonectria mors-panacis G3B inducing root rot of Panax notoginseng by RNA-Seq Abstract: Saponins are kinds of antifungal compounds produced by Panax notoginseng to resist invasion by pathogens. Ilyonectria mors-panacis G3B was the dominant pathogen inducing root rot of P. notoginseng, and the abilities to detoxify saponins were the key to infect P. notoginseng successfully. To research the molecular mechanisms of detoxifying saponins in I. mors-panacis G3B, we used high-throughput RNA-Seq to identify 557 and 1519 differential expression genes (DEGs) in I. mors-panacis G3B with saponins treatments for 4H (Hours) and 12H (Hours) compared with no saponins treatments, respectively. Among these DEGs, we found 93 genes which were simultaneously highly expressed in I. mors-panacis G3B with saponins treatments for 4H and 12H, they mainly belong to genes encoding transporters, glycoside hydrolases, oxidation-reduction enzymes, transcription factors and so on. In addition, there were 21 putative PHI (Pathogen-Host Interaction) genes out of those 93 up-regulated genes. In this report, we analyzed virulence-associated genes in I. mors-panacis G3B which may be related to detoxifying saponins to infect P. notoginseng successfully. They provided an excellent starting point for in-depth study on pathogenicity of I. mors-panacis G3B and developed appropriate root rot disease management strategies in the future.	0
Abstract2class: Heterologous expression of the msp2 gene from Marasmius scorodonius Abstract: For the heterologous expression of the msp2 gene from the edible mushroom Marasmius scorodonius in Escherichia coli the cDNA encoding the extracellular Msp2 peroxidase was cloned into the pBAD III expression plasmid. Expression of the protein with or without signal peptide was investigated in E. coli strains TOP10 and LMG194. Different PCR products were amplified for expression of the native target protein or a protein with a signal peptide. Omitting the native stop codon and adding six His-residues resulted in a fusion protein amenable to immune detection and purification by immobilised metal affinity chromatography. In E. coli the recombinant protein was produced in high yield as insoluble inclusion bodies. The influence of different parameters on MsP2 refolding was investigated. Active enzyme was obtained by glutathione-mediated oxidation in a medium containing urea, Ca(2+), and hemin.	0
Abstract2class: Adhesion and aggregation properties of Lactobacillaceae strains as protection ways against enteropathogenic bacteria Abstract: The adhesion and aggregation are characteristic attributes of probiotic strains belonging to Lactobacillaceae genus. Due to these properties the host organisms can avoid colonisation of the intestinal tract by enteropathogenic bacteria. The presented research includes a comparison of the properties of various strains belonging to different Lactobacillaceae species and isolated from different sources The aim of this study was to investigate the ability of Lactocaseibacillus rhamnosus, Lactiplantibacillus plantarum, and Lactobacillus strains (L. acidophilus, L. gasseri, L. ultunensis) from probiotic products and clinical specimens to direct and competitive adherence to Caco-2 and HT-29 cell lines. Furthermore, the ability of lactobacilli and enteropathogenic bacteria, E. coli, E. faecalis, and S. Typhimurium, to auto- and co-aggregation was also investigated.The results showed that all tested strains adhered to Caco-2 and HT-29 cell lines. Though, the factor of adhesion depended on the species and origin of the strain. L. rhamnosus strains showed a lowest degree of adherence as compared to L. plantarum and Lactobacillus sp. strains. On the other side both, L. rhamnosus and L. acidophilus strains reduced the pathogenic bacteria in competition adherence test most effectively. All tested lactobacilli strains were characterised by auto- and co-aggregation abilities, to various degrees. The properties of Lactobacillaceae strains analysed in this study, like adhesion abilities, competitive adherence, auto- and co-aggregation, may affect the prevention of colonisation and elimination of pathogenic bacteria in gastrointestinal tract.	0
Abstract2class: Lysine-91 of the tetraheme c-type cytochrome CymA is essential for quinone interaction and arsenate respiration in Shewanella sp. strain ANA-3 Abstract: The tetraheme c-type cytochrome, CymA, is essential for arsenate respiratory reduction in Shewanella sp. ANA-3, a model arsenate reducer. CymA is predicted to mediate electron transfer from quinols to the arsenate respiratory reductase (ArrAB). Here, we present biochemical and physiological evidence that CymA interacts with menaquinol (MQH(2)) substrates. Fluorescence quench titration with the MQH(2) analog, 2-n-heptyl-4-hydroxyquinoline-N-oxide (HOQNO), was used to demonstrate quinol binding of E. coli cytoplasmic membranes enriched with various forms of CymA. Wild-type CymA bound HOQNO with a K (d) of 0.1-1 microM. It was also shown that the redox active MQH(2) analog, 2,3-dimethoxy-1,4-naphthoquinone (DMNH(2)), could reduce CymA in cytoplasmic membrane preparations. Based on a CymA homology model made from the NrfH tetraheme cytochrome structure, it was predicted that Lys91 would be involved in CymA-quinol interactions. CymA with a K91Q substitution showed little interaction with HOQNO. In addition, DMNH(2)-dependent reduction of CymA-K91Q was diminished by 45% compared to wild-type CymA. A DeltacymA ANA-3 strain containing a plasmid copy of cymA-K91Q failed to grow with arsenate as an electron acceptor. These results suggest that Lys91 is physiologically important for arsenate respiration and support the hypothesis that CymA interacts with menaquinol resulting in the reduction of the cytochrome.	0
Abstract2class: Intracellular targeting of ascomycetous catalase-peroxidases (KatG1s) Abstract: Bifunctional catalase-peroxidases (KatGs) are heme oxidoreductases widely spread among bacteria, archaea and among lower eukaryotes. In fungi, two KatG groups with different localization have evolved, intracellular (KatG1) and extracellular (KatG2) proteins. Here, the cloning, expression analysis and subcellular localization of two novel katG1 genes from the soil fungi Chaetomium globosum and Chaetomium cochliodes are reported. Whereas, the metalloenzyme from Ch. globosum is expressed constitutively, Ch. cochliodes KatG1 reveals a slight increase in expression after induction of oxidative stress by cadmium ions and hydrogen peroxide. The intronless open reading frames of both Sordariomycetes katG1 genes as well as of almost all fungal katG1s possess two peroxisomal targeting signals (PTS1 and PTS2). Peroxisomal localization of intracellular eukaryotic catalase-peroxidases was verified by organelle separation and immunofluorescence microscopy. Co-localization with the peroxisomal enzyme 3-ketoacyl-CoA-thiolase was demonstrated for KatGs from Magnaporthe grisea, Chaetomium globosum and Chaetomium cochliodes. The physiological role of fungal catalase-peroxidases is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Presence of non-oral bacteria in the oral cavity Abstract: A homeostatic balance exists between the resident microbiota in the oral cavity and the host. Perturbations of the oral microbiota under particular conditions can contribute to the growth of non-oral pathogens that are hard to kill because of their higher resistance to antimicrobials, raising the probability of treatment failure and reinfection. The presence of these bacteria in the oral cavity has been proven to be associated with several oral diseases such as periodontitis, caries, and gingivitis, and systemic diseases of importance in clinical medicine such as cystic fibrosis, HIV, and rheumatoid arthritis. However, it is still controversial whether these species are merely transient members or unique to the oral cavity. Mutualistic and antagonistic interactions between the oral microbiota and non-oral pathogens can also occur, though the mechanisms used by these bacteria are not clear. Therefore, this review presents an overview of the current knowledge about the presence of non-oral bacteria in the oral cavity, their relationship with systemic and oral diseases, and their interactions with oral bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Spongiimicrobium salis gen. nov., sp. nov., a bacterium of the family Flavobacteriaceae isolated from a marine sponge Abstract: A Gram-stain-negative, strictly aerobic, pale-yellow pigmented, rod-shaped, chemoheterotrophic bacterium, designated A6F-11(T), was isolated from a marine sponge collected in Japan. Phylogenetic analysis based on the 16S rRNA gene sequence indicated that the novel marine strain was affiliated with the family Flavobacteriaceae of the phylum Bacteroidetes and that it shared the highest (92.9 %) sequence similarity with Arenibacter palladensis LMG 21972(T). The strain could be differentiated phenotypically from related members of the family Flavobacteriaceae. The major fatty acids of strain A6F-11(T) were iso-C15:1 G, iso-C15:0, C16:1 ω6c and/or C16:1 ω7c and iso-C17:0 3-OH. The polar lipid profile consisted of phosphatidylglycerol, two unidentified aminolipids and two unidentified lipids. The DNA G+C content was 34.7 mol%, and the major respiratory quinone was menaquinone 6 (MK-6). From the distinct phylogenetic position and combination of genotypic and phenotypic characteristics, the strain is considered to represent a novel taxon in the family Flavobacteriaceae, for which the name Spongiimicrobium salis gen. nov., sp. nov. is proposed. The type strain of S. salis gen. nov., sp. nov. is A6F-11(T) (= KCTC 42753(T) = NBRC 111401(T)).	0
Abstract2class: Halomonas salinarum sp. nov., a moderately halophilic bacterium isolated from saline soil in Yingkou, China Abstract: Strain G5-11T, a Gram-negative, moderately halotolerant, facultatively aerobic, motile bacterium was isolated from saline soil collected from Yingkou, Liaoning, China. The cells of strain G5-11T grew in the presence of 3-15% (w/v) NaCl (optimum 5%), at between 4 and 35 °C (optimum 30 °C), and at a pH of 6.0-9.0 (optimum 8.0). The major respiratory quinone was Q-9 and the dominant cellular fatty acids were summed feature 8 (C18:1ω7c/C18:1ω6c), C16:0, and summed feature 3 (C16:1ω7c/C16:1ω6c). The major components of the polar lipid profile were phosphatidylcholine, phosphatidylglycerol, phosphatidylethanolamine, diphosphatidylglycerol and unidentified aminolipid. The G + C content of the strain G5-11T genome was 61.0 mol%. The isolated strain G5-11T showed the highest 16S rRNA gene similarity to Halomonas niordiana LMG 31227T and Halomonas taeanensis DSM 16463T, both reaching 98.3%, followed by Halomonas pacifica NBRC 102220T. The results from phenotypic, chemotaxonomic, and phylogenetic analyses showed that strain G5-11T represented a novel species of the genus Halomonas, for which the name Halomonas salinarum sp. nov. was proposed. The type strain of Halomonas salinarum is G5-11T (= CGMCC 1.12051T = LMG 31677T).	0
Abstract2class: Identification and characterization of mutations in the SARS-CoV-2 RNA-dependent RNA polymerase as a promising antiviral therapeutic target Abstract: The causative agent of COVID-19 is a novel betacoronavirus or severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), which has emerged as a pandemic of global concern. Considering its rapid transmission, WHO has declared public health emergency on 11th March 2020 worldwide. SARS-CoV-2 is a genetically diverse positive sense RNA virus that typically exhibit high rates of mutation than DNA viruses. Higher rates of mutation bring higher genomic variability which may lead to viral evolution and enabling viruses to evade the pre-existing immunity of host and quickly acquire drug resistance properties. The objective of our study was to compare the SARS-CoV-2 RdRp sequences of Indian SARS-CoV-2 isolates with those of Wuhan type virus. A total of 384 point mutations were detected from 488 sequence of the RdRp protein of Indian SARS-CoV-2 genome, out of which seven were used for subsequent study. Furthermore, prediction of secondary structure, protein modeling and its dynamics were performed which revealed that seven mutations (R118C, T148I, Y149C, E802A, Q822H, V880I and D893Y) significantly altered the stability and flexibility of RdRp protein. Present study was therefore, undertaken to analyze the variations occurring in RdRp due to multiple mutations leading to the alterations in the structure and function of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase which is essential for the replication /transcription of this virus and hence can be utilized as a promising therapeutic target to curb SARS-CoV-2 infections.	0
Abstract2class: Polynucleotide phosphorylase is involved in the control of lipopeptide fengycin production in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Bacillus subtilis is a wealth source of lipopeptide molecules such as iturins, surfactins and fengycins or plipastatins endowed with a range of biological activities. These molecules, designated secondary metabolites, are synthesized via non-ribosomal peptides synthesis (NRPS) machinery and are most often subjected to a complex regulation with involvement of several regulatory factors. To gain novel insights on mechanism regulating fengycin production, we investigated the effect of the fascinating polynucleotide phosphorylase (PNPase), as well as the effect of lipopeptide surfactin. Compared to the wild type, the production of fengycin in the mutant strains B. subtilis BBG235 and BBG236 altered for PNPase has not only decreased to about 70 and 40%, respectively, but also hampered its antifungal activity towards the plant pathogen Botrytis cinerea. On the other hand, mutant strains BBG231 (srfAA-) and BBG232 (srfAC-) displayed different levels of fengycin production. BBG231 had registered an important decrease in fengycin production, comparable to that observed for BBG235 or BBG236. This study permitted to establish that the products of pnpA gene (PNPase), and srfAA- (surfactin synthetase) are involved in fengycin production.	0
Abstract2class: The potential of mineral weathering of halophilic-endophytic bacteria isolated from Suaeda salsa and Spartina anglica Abstract: Bacteria have the abilities of salt tolerant, mineral weathering and plant growth promoting can promote the growth of plants in saline lands. However, few reports of the mineral weathering capacity of halophilic-endophytic bacteria, raising the question of whether the halophilic-endophytic weathering bacteria are fundamentally distinct from those in plants communities. In this study, we isolated and characterized halophilic bacterial strains from the roots and leaves of Suaeda salsa and Spartina anglica with respect to their mineral weathering pattern, role in the promoting plant growth, community structure, and their changes in these two plants. Using improved Gibbson medium, we obtained 156 halophilic bacterial strains, among which 92 and 64 strains were isolated from the S. salsa and S. anglica samples, respectively. The rock weathering patterns of the isolates were characterized using batch cultures that measure the quantity of Si, Al, K, and Fe released from crystal biotite under aerobic conditions. Significantly, the biomass and capacity of the mineral weathering of the halophilic-endophytic bacteria were different in the plants. The abundance of the halophilic-endophytic bacterials in the Suaeda salsa was significantly greater than Spartina anglica, whereas the mineral weathering bacterial in the Suaeda salsa was similar to the Spartina anglica. Furthermore, the proportion of plant growth-promoting bacteria in the Suaeda salsa was higher than Spartina anglica. Phylogenetic analyses show that the weathered minerals were inhabited by specific functional groups of bacteria (Halomonas, Acinetobacter, Burkholderia, Alcaligenes, Sphingobium, Arthrobacter, Chryseobacterium, Paenibacillus, Microbacterium, Ensifer, Ralstonia and Enterobacter) that contribute to the mineral weathering. The changes in halophilic endophytes weathering communities between the two plants were attributable not only to major bacterial groups but also to a change in the minor population structure.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of remediation reagents on bacterial composition and ecological function in black-odorous water sediments Abstract: Black-odorous urban water bodies and sediments pose a serious environmental problem. In this study, we conducted microcosm batch experiments to investigate the effect of remediation reagents (magnesium hydroxide and calcium nitrate) on native bacterial communities and their ecological functions in the black-odorous sediment of urban water. The dominant phyla (Proteobacteria, Actinobacteria, Chloroflexi, and Planctomycetes) and classes (Alphaproteobacteria, Betaproteobacteria, and Gammaproteobacteria, Actinobacteria, Anaerolineae, and Planctomycetia) were determined under calcium nitrate and magnesium hydroxide treatments. Functional groups related to aerobic metabolism, including aerobic chemoheterotrophy, dark sulfide oxidation, and correlated dominant genera (Thiobacillus, Lysobacter, Gp16, and Gaiella) became more abundant under calcium nitrate treatment, whereas functional genes potentially involved in dissimilatory sulfate reduction became less abundant. The relative abundance of chloroplasts, fermentation, and correlated genera (Desulfomonile and unclassified Cyanobacteria) decreased under magnesium hydroxide treatment. Overall, these results indicated that calcium nitrate addition improved hypoxia-related reducing conditions in the sediment and promoted aerobic chemoheterotrophy.	0
Abstract2class: Protein kinase Ime2 is associated with mycelial growth, conidiation, osmoregulation, and pathogenicity in Fusarium oxysporum Abstract: Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. niveum is one of the most serious diseases impairing watermelon yield and quality. Inducer of meiosis 2 (Ime2) is the founding member of a family of serine/threonine protein kinases and plays important roles in yeasts and other filamentous fungi. In this study, we analyzed the functions of FoIme2, the ortholog of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Ime2 in F. oxysporum f.sp. niveum. The FoIme2-deleted mutants exhibited obvious morphological abnormalities, including slower vegetative growth, more branches in the edge hyphae and a reduction in conidia production. Compared to the wild type, the mutants were hypersensitive to the osmotic stressor NaCl but were more insensitive to the membrane stressor SDS. The deletion of FoIme2 also caused a reduction in pathogenicity. Transcriptional analysis revealed that FoIme2 acts downstream of FoOpy2 which is an upstream sensor of the MAPK kinase cascade. These results indicate that FoIme2 is important in the development and pathogenicity of F. oxysporum, and provide new insight for the analysis of the pathogenic mechanism of F. oxysporum.	0
Abstract2class: Bovine coronavirus nucleocapsid suppresses IFN-β production by inhibiting RIG-I-like receptors pathway in host cells Abstract: The present study aimed to explore if bovine coronavirus nucleocapsid (BCoV N) impacts IFN-β production in the host cells and to reveal further molecular mechanism of BCoV pathogenesis. Human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293 T cells were transiently transfected with pMyc-BCoV-N recombinant plasmids, then infected with the vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV). Expression levels of beta interferon (IFN-β) mRNA were detected using RT-qPCR. The results showed that BCoV N gene was 1347 bp that was consistent with the expected size. pMyc-BCoV-N recombinant protein was 1347 bp which was successfully transcribed and overexpressed in HEK 293 T cells. BCoV-N recombinant protein inhibited dose-dependently VSV-induced IFN-β production (p < 0.01). MDA5, MAVS, TBK1 and IRF3 could promote transcription levels of IFN-β mRNA. But, BCoV-N protein demoted IFN-β transcription levels induced by MDA5, MAVS, TBK1 and IRF3. Furthermore, expression levels of MDA5, MAVS, TBK1 and IRF3 mRNAs were reduced in RIG-I-like receptor (RLR) pathway. In conclusion, BCoV-N reduced IFN-β levels in RIG-I-like receptor (RLR) pathway in HEK 293 T cells which were induced by MDA5, MAVS, TBK1 and IRF3(5D). BCoV-N protein inhibited IFN-β production and activation of RIG-I-like receptors (RLRs) signal pathway. Our findings demonstrated BCoV N protein is an IFN-β antagonist through inhibition of MDA5, MAVS, TBK1 and IRF3(5D) in RLRs pathway, also revealed a new mechanism of BCoV N protein to evade host innate immune response by inhibiting type I IFN production, which is beneficial to developing novel prevention strategy for BCoV disease in the animals and humans.	0
Abstract2class: Antimicrobial activity of clioquinol and nitroxoline: a scoping review Abstract: Clioquinol and nitroxoline, two drugs with numerous pharmacological properties fallen into disuse for many decades. The first was considered dangerous due to contraindications and the second mainly because was taken as ineffective, despite its known antibacterial activity. In the last decades, the advances in pharmaceutical chemistry, molecular biology, toxicology and genetics allowed to better understand the cellular action of these compounds, some toxicological issues and/or activity scopes. Thus, a new opportunity for these drugs to be considered as potential antimicrobial agents has arisen. This review contemplates the trajectory of clioquinol and nitroxoline from their emergence to the present day, emphasizing the new studies that indicate the possibility of reintroduction for specific cases.	0
Abstract2class: p63(+)Krt5(+) distal airway stem cells are essential for lung regeneration Abstract: Lung diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and pulmonary fibrosis involve the progressive and inexorable destruction of oxygen exchange surfaces and airways, and have emerged as a leading cause of death worldwide. Mitigating therapies, aside from impractical organ transplantation, remain limited and the possibility of regenerative medicine has lacked empirical support. However, it is clinically known that patients who survive sudden, massive loss of lung tissue from necrotizing pneumonia or acute respiratory distress syndrome often recover full pulmonary function within six months. Correspondingly, we recently demonstrated lung regeneration in mice following H1N1 influenza virus infection, and linked distal airway stem cells expressing Trp63 (p63) and keratin 5, called DASC(p63/Krt5), to this process. Here we show that pre-existing, intrinsically committed DASC(p63/Krt5) undergo a proliferative expansion in response to influenza-induced lung damage, and assemble into nascent alveoli at sites of interstitial lung inflammation. We also show that the selective ablation of DASC(p63/Krt5) in vivo prevents this regeneration, leading to pre-fibrotic lesions and deficient oxygen exchange. Finally, we demonstrate that single DASC(p63/Krt5)-derived pedigrees differentiate to type I and type II pneumocytes as well as bronchiolar secretory cells following transplantation to infected lung and also minimize the structural consequences of endogenous stem cell loss on this process. The ability to propagate these cells in culture while maintaining their intrinsic lineage commitment suggests their potential in stem cell-based therapies for acute and chronic lung diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Regulation of lifespan by neural excitation and REST Abstract: The mechanisms that extend lifespan in humans are poorly understood. Here we show that extended longevity in humans is associated with a distinct transcriptome signature in the cerebral cortex that is characterized by downregulation of genes related to neural excitation and synaptic function. In Caenorhabditis elegans, neural excitation increases with age and inhibition of excitation globally, or in glutamatergic or cholinergic neurons, increases longevity. Furthermore, longevity is dynamically regulated by the excitatory-inhibitory balance of neural circuits. The transcription factor REST is upregulated in humans with extended longevity and represses excitation-related genes. Notably, REST-deficient mice exhibit increased cortical activity and neuronal excitability during ageing. Similarly, loss-of-function mutations in the C. elegans REST orthologue genes spr-3 and spr-4 elevate neural excitation and reduce the lifespan of long-lived daf-2 mutants. In wild-type worms, overexpression of spr-4 suppresses excitation and extends lifespan. REST, SPR-3, SPR-4 and reduced excitation activate the longevity-associated transcription factors FOXO1 and DAF-16 in mammals and worms, respectively. These findings reveal a conserved mechanism of ageing that is mediated by neural circuit activity and regulated by REST.	0
Abstract2class: Scaleable catalytic asymmetric Strecker syntheses of unnatural alpha-amino acids Abstract: Alpha-amino acids are the building blocks of proteins and are widely used as components of medicinally active molecules and chiral catalysts. Efficient chemo-enzymatic methods for the synthesis of enantioenriched alpha-amino acids have been developed, but it is still a challenge to obtain non-natural amino acids. Alkene hydrogenation is broadly useful for the enantioselective catalytic synthesis of many classes of amino acids, but it is not possible to obtain alpha-amino acids bearing aryl or quaternary alkyl alpha-substituents using this method. The Strecker synthesis-the reaction of an imine or imine equivalent with hydrogen cyanide, followed by nitrile hydrolysis-is an especially versatile chemical method for the synthesis of racemic alpha-amino acids. Asymmetric Strecker syntheses using stoichiometric amounts of a chiral reagent have been applied successfully on gram-to-kilogram scales, yielding enantiomerically enriched alpha-amino acids. In principle, Strecker syntheses employing sub-stoichiometric quantities of a chiral reagent could provide a practical alternative to these approaches, but the reported catalytic asymmetric methods have seen limited use on preparative scales (more than a gram). The limited utility of existing catalytic methods may be due to several important factors, including the relatively complex and precious nature of the catalysts and the requisite use of hazardous cyanide sources. Here we report a new catalytic asymmetric method for the syntheses of highly enantiomerically enriched non-natural amino acids using a simple chiral amido-thiourea catalyst to control the key hydrocyanation step. This catalyst is robust, without sensitive functional groups, so it is compatible with aqueous cyanide salts, which are safer and easier to handle than other cyanide sources; this makes the method adaptable to large-scale synthesis. We have used this new method to obtain enantiopure amino acids that are not readily prepared by enzymatic methods or by chemical hydrogenation.	0
Abstract2class: Australia antigen as a marker of propagation of the serum hepatitis virus in liver cultures Abstract: ATTEMPTS to isolate the human hepatitis viruses in tissue culture have resulted in a collection of “hepatitis-candidate” viruses, none of which has since been shown to be the causal agent of human hepatitis1. The discovery of Australia antigen provided a specific serological marker of infection with or carriage of the serum hepatitis virus, although the nature of the antigen remains unsettled2.	0
Abstract2class: Negative capacitance in multidomain ferroelectric superlattices Abstract: The stability of spontaneous electrical polarization in ferroelectrics is fundamental to many of their current applications, which range from the simple electric cigarette lighter to non-volatile random access memories. Research on nanoscale ferroelectrics reveals that their behaviour is profoundly different from that in bulk ferroelectrics, which could lead to new phenomena with potential for future devices. As ferroelectrics become thinner, maintaining a stable polarization becomes increasingly challenging. On the other hand, intentionally destabilizing this polarization can cause the effective electric permittivity of a ferroelectric to become negative, enabling it to behave as a negative capacitance when integrated in a heterostructure. Negative capacitance has been proposed as a way of overcoming fundamental limitations on the power consumption of field-effect transistors. However, experimental demonstrations of this phenomenon remain contentious. The prevalent interpretations based on homogeneous polarization models are difficult to reconcile with the expected strong tendency for domain formation, but the effect of domains on negative capacitance has received little attention. Here we report negative capacitance in a model system of multidomain ferroelectric-dielectric superlattices across a wide range of temperatures, in both the ferroelectric and paraelectric phases. Using a phenomenological model, we show that domain-wall motion not only gives rise to negative permittivity, but can also enhance, rather than limit, its temperature range. Our first-principles-based atomistic simulations provide detailed microscopic insight into the origin of this phenomenon, identifying the dominant contribution of near-interface layers and paving the way for its future exploitation.	0
Abstract2class: RNAi screen identifies Brd4 as a therapeutic target in acute myeloid leukaemia Abstract: Epigenetic pathways can regulate gene expression by controlling and interpreting chromatin modifications. Cancer cells are characterized by altered epigenetic landscapes, and commonly exploit the chromatin regulatory machinery to enforce oncogenic gene expression programs. Although chromatin alterations are, in principle, reversible and often amenable to drug intervention, the promise of targeting such pathways therapeutically has been limited by an incomplete understanding of cancer-specific dependencies on epigenetic regulators. Here we describe a non-biased approach to probe epigenetic vulnerabilities in acute myeloid leukaemia (AML), an aggressive haematopoietic malignancy that is often associated with aberrant chromatin states. By screening a custom library of small hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) targeting known chromatin regulators in a genetically defined AML mouse model, we identify the protein bromodomain-containing 4 (Brd4) as being critically required for disease maintenance. Suppression of Brd4 using shRNAs or the small-molecule inhibitor JQ1 led to robust antileukaemic effects in vitro and in vivo, accompanied by terminal myeloid differentiation and elimination of leukaemia stem cells. Similar sensitivities were observed in a variety of human AML cell lines and primary patient samples, revealing that JQ1 has broad activity in diverse AML subtypes. The effects of Brd4 suppression are, at least in part, due to its role in sustaining Myc expression to promote aberrant self-renewal, which implicates JQ1 as a pharmacological means to suppress MYC in cancer. Our results establish small-molecule inhibition of Brd4 as a promising therapeutic strategy in AML and, potentially, other cancers, and highlight the utility of RNA interference (RNAi) screening for revealing epigenetic vulnerabilities that can be exploited for direct pharmacological intervention.	0
Abstract2class: Histone H2A.Z subunit exchange controls consolidation of recent and remote memory Abstract: Memory formation is a multi-stage process that initially requires cellular consolidation in the hippocampus, after which memories are downloaded to the cortex for maintenance, in a process termed systems consolidation. Epigenetic mechanisms regulate both types of consolidation, but histone variant exchange, in which canonical histones are replaced with their variant counterparts, is an entire branch of epigenetics that has received limited attention in the brain and has never, to our knowledge, been studied in relation to cognitive function. Here we show that histone H2A.Z, a variant of histone H2A, is actively exchanged in response to fear conditioning in the hippocampus and the cortex, where it mediates gene expression and restrains the formation of recent and remote memory. Our data provide evidence for H2A.Z involvement in cognitive function and specifically implicate H2A.Z as a negative regulator of hippocampal consolidation and systems consolidation, probably through downstream effects on gene expression. Moreover, alterations in H2A.Z binding at later stages of systems consolidation suggest that this histone has the capacity to mediate stable molecular modifications required for memory retention. Overall, our data introduce histone variant exchange as a novel mechanism contributing to the molecular basis of cognitive function and implicate H2A.Z as a potential therapeutic target for memory disorders.	0
Abstract2class: NIK1-mediated translation suppression functions as a plant antiviral immunity mechanism Abstract: Plants and plant pathogens are subject to continuous co-evolutionary pressure for dominance, and the outcomes of these interactions can substantially impact agriculture and food security. In virus-plant interactions, one of the major mechanisms for plant antiviral immunity relies on RNA silencing, which is often suppressed by co-evolving virus suppressors, thus enhancing viral pathogenicity in susceptible hosts. In addition, plants use the nucleotide-binding and leucine-rich repeat (NB-LRR) domain-containing resistance proteins, which recognize viral effectors to activate effector-triggered immunity in a defence mechanism similar to that employed in non-viral infections. Unlike most eukaryotic organisms, plants are not known to activate mechanisms of host global translation suppression to fight viruses. Here we demonstrate in Arabidopsis that the constitutive activation of NIK1, a leucine-rich repeat receptor-like kinase (LRR-RLK) identified as a virulence target of the begomovirus nuclear shuttle protein (NSP), leads to global translation suppression and translocation of the downstream component RPL10 to the nucleus, where it interacts with a newly identified MYB-like protein, L10-INTERACTING MYB DOMAIN-CONTAINING PROTEIN (LIMYB), to downregulate translational machinery genes fully. LIMYB overexpression represses ribosomal protein genes at the transcriptional level, resulting in protein synthesis inhibition, decreased viral messenger RNA association with polysome fractions and enhanced tolerance to begomovirus. By contrast, the loss of LIMYB function releases the repression of translation-related genes and increases susceptibility to virus infection. Therefore, LIMYB links immune receptor LRR-RLK activation to global translation suppression as an antiviral immunity strategy in plants.	0
Abstract2class: Structural biology: Pivotal findings for a transcription machine Abstract: Crystal structures of the complete RNA Polymerase I complex are now revealed. These structures link opening and closing of the DNA binding cleft of this enzyme to control of transcription.	0
Abstract2class: Structure of full-length Drosophila cryptochrome Abstract: The cryptochrome/photolyase (CRY/PL) family of photoreceptors mediates adaptive responses to ultraviolet and blue light exposure in all kingdoms of life. Whereas PLs function predominantly in DNA repair of cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers (CPDs) and 6-4 photolesions caused by ultraviolet radiation, CRYs transduce signals important for growth, development, magnetosensitivity and circadian clocks. Despite these diverse functions, PLs/CRYs preserve a common structural fold, a dependence on flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) and an internal photoactivation mechanism. However, members of the CRY/PL family differ in the substrates recognized (protein or DNA), photochemical reactions catalysed and involvement of an antenna cofactor. It is largely unknown how the animal CRYs that regulate circadian rhythms act on their substrates. CRYs contain a variable carboxy-terminal tail that appends the conserved PL homology domain (PHD) and is important for function. Here, we report a 2.3-Å resolution crystal structure of Drosophila CRY with an intact C terminus. The C-terminal helix docks in the analogous groove that binds DNA substrates in PLs. Conserved Trp 536 juts into the CRY catalytic centre to mimic PL recognition of DNA photolesions. The FAD anionic semiquinone found in the crystals assumes a conformation to facilitate restructuring of the tail helix. These results help reconcile the diverse functions of the CRY/PL family by demonstrating how conserved protein architecture and photochemistry can be elaborated into a range of light-driven functions.	0
Abstract2class: Histone H2A.Z cooperates with RNAi and heterochromatin factors to suppress antisense RNAs Abstract: Eukaryotic transcriptomes are characterized by widespread transcription of noncoding and antisense RNAs, which is linked to key chromosomal processes, such as chromatin remodelling, gene regulation and heterochromatin assembly. However, these transcripts can be deleterious, and their accumulation is suppressed by several mechanisms including degradation by the nuclear exosome. The mechanisms by which cells differentiate coding RNAs from transcripts targeted for degradation are not clear. Here we show that the variant histone H2A.Z, which is loaded preferentially at the 5' ends of genes by the Swr1 complex containing a JmjC domain protein, mediates suppression of antisense transcripts in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe genome. H2A.Z is partially redundant in this regard with the Clr4 (known as SUV39H in mammals)-containing heterochromatin silencing complex that is also distributed at euchromatic loci, and with RNA interference component Argonaute (Ago1). Loss of Clr4 or Ago1 alone has little effect on antisense transcript levels, but cells lacking either of these factors and H2A.Z show markedly increased levels of antisense RNAs that are normally degraded by the exosome. These analyses suggest that as well as performing other functions, H2A.Z is a component of a genome indexing mechanism that cooperates with heterochromatin and RNAi factors to suppress read-through antisense transcripts.	0
Abstract2class: DNA sequence of human chromosome 17 and analysis of rearrangement in the human lineage Abstract: Chromosome 17 is unusual among the human chromosomes in many respects. It is the largest human autosome with orthology to only a single mouse chromosome, mapping entirely to the distal half of mouse chromosome 11. Chromosome 17 is rich in protein-coding genes, having the second highest gene density in the genome. It is also enriched in segmental duplications, ranking third in density among the autosomes. Here we report a finished sequence for human chromosome 17, as well as a structural comparison with the finished sequence for mouse chromosome 11, the first finished mouse chromosome. Comparison of the orthologous regions reveals striking differences. In contrast to the typical pattern seen in mammalian evolution, the human sequence has undergone extensive intrachromosomal rearrangement, whereas the mouse sequence has been remarkably stable. Moreover, although the human sequence has a high density of segmental duplication, the mouse sequence has a very low density. Notably, these segmental duplications correspond closely to the sites of structural rearrangement, demonstrating a link between duplication and rearrangement. Examination of the main classes of duplicated segments provides insight into the dynamics underlying expansion of chromosome-specific, low-copy repeats in the human genome.	0
Abstract2class: Corticostriatal neurons in auditory cortex drive decisions during auditory discrimination Abstract: The neural pathways by which information about the acoustic world reaches the auditory cortex are well characterized, but how auditory representations are transformed into motor commands is not known. Here we use a perceptual decision-making task in rats to study this transformation. We demonstrate the role of corticostriatal projection neurons in auditory decisions by manipulating the activity of these neurons in rats performing an auditory frequency-discrimination task. Targeted channelrhodopsin-2 (ChR2)-mediated stimulation of corticostriatal neurons during the task biased decisions in the direction predicted by the frequency tuning of the stimulated neurons, whereas archaerhodopsin-3 (Arch)-mediated inactivation biased decisions in the opposite direction. Striatal projections are widespread in cortex and may provide a general mechanism for the control of motor decisions by sensory cortex.	0
Abstract2class: Autoregulation of microRNA biogenesis by let-7 and Argonaute Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) comprise a large family of small RNA molecules that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression in many biological pathways. Most miRNAs are derived from long primary transcripts that undergo processing by Drosha to produce ~65-nucleotide precursors that are then cleaved by Dicer, resulting in the mature 22-nucleotide forms. Serving as guides in Argonaute protein complexes, mature miRNAs use imperfect base pairing to recognize sequences in messenger RNA transcripts, leading to translational repression and destabilization of the target messenger RNAs. Here we show that the miRNA complex also targets and regulates non-coding RNAs that serve as substrates for the miRNA-processing pathway. We found that the Argonaute protein in Caenorhabditis elegans, ALG-1, binds to a specific site at the 3′ end of let-7 miRNA primary transcripts and promotes downstream processing events. This interaction is mediated by mature let-7 miRNA through a conserved complementary site in its own primary transcript, thus creating a positive-feedback loop. We further show that ALG-1 associates with let-7 primary transcripts in nuclear fractions. Argonaute also binds let-7 primary transcripts in human cells, demonstrating that the miRNA pathway targets non-coding RNAs in addition to protein-coding messenger RNAs across species. Moreover, our studies in C. elegans reveal a novel role for Argonaute in promoting biogenesis of a targeted transcript, expanding the functions of the miRNA pathway in gene regulation. This discovery of autoregulation of let-7 biogenesis establishes a new mechanism for controlling miRNA expression.	0
Abstract2class: Visual space is compressed in prefrontal cortex before eye movements Abstract: We experience the visual world through a series of saccadic eye movements, each one shifting our gaze to bring objects of interest to the fovea for further processing. Although such movements lead to frequent and substantial displacements of the retinal image, these displacements go unnoticed. It is widely assumed that a primary mechanism underlying this apparent stability is an anticipatory shifting of visual receptive fields (RFs) from their presaccadic to their postsaccadic locations before movement onset. Evidence of this predictive 'remapping' of RFs has been particularly apparent within brain structures involved in gaze control. However, critically absent among that evidence are detailed measurements of visual RFs before movement onset. Here we show that during saccade preparation, rather than remap, RFs of neurons in a prefrontal gaze control area massively converge towards the saccadic target. We mapped the visual RFs of prefrontal neurons during stable fixation and immediately before the onset of eye movements, using multi-electrode recordings in monkeys. Following movements from an initial fixation point to a target, RFs remained stationary in retinocentric space. However, in the period immediately before movement onset, RFs shifted by as much as 18 degrees of visual angle, and converged towards the target location. This convergence resulted in a threefold increase in the proportion of RFs responding to stimuli near the target region. In addition, like in human observers, the population of prefrontal neurons grossly mislocalized presaccadic stimuli as being closer to the target. Our results show that RF shifts do not predict the retinal displacements due to saccades, but instead reflect the overriding perception of target space during eye movements.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial disease resistance in Arabidopsis through flagellin perception Abstract: Plants and animals recognize microbial invaders by detecting pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) such as flagellin. However, the importance of flagellin perception for disease resistance has, until now, not been demonstrated. Here we show that treatment of plants with flg22, a peptide representing the elicitor-active epitope of flagellin, induces the expression of numerous defence-related genes and triggers resistance to pathogenic bacteria in wild-type plants, but not in plants carrying mutations in the flagellin receptor gene FLS2. This induced resistance seems to be independent of salicylic acid, jasmonic acid and ethylene signalling. Wild-type and fls2 mutants both display enhanced resistance when treated with crude bacterial extracts, even devoid of elicitor-active flagellin, indicating the existence of functional perception systems for PAMPs other than flagellin. Although fls2 mutant plants are as susceptible as the wild type when bacteria are infiltrated into leaves, they are more susceptible to the pathogen Pseudomonas syringae pv. tomato DC3000 when it is sprayed on the leaf surface. Thus, flagellin perception restricts bacterial invasion, probably at an early step, and contributes to the plant's disease resistance.	0
Abstract2class: Structure of a complex of the ATPase SecA and the protein-translocation channel Abstract: Most proteins are secreted from bacteria by the interaction of the cytoplasmic SecA ATPase with a membrane channel, formed by the heterotrimeric SecY complex. Here we report the crystal structure of SecA bound to the SecY complex, with a maximum resolution of 4.5 ångström (A), obtained for components from Thermotoga maritima. One copy of SecA in an intermediate state of ATP hydrolysis is bound to one molecule of the SecY complex. Both partners undergo important conformational changes on interaction. The polypeptide-cross-linking domain of SecA makes a large conformational change that could capture the translocation substrate in a 'clamp'. Polypeptide movement through the SecY channel could be achieved by the motion of a 'two-helix finger' of SecA inside the cytoplasmic funnel of SecY, and by the coordinated tightening and widening of SecA's clamp above the SecY pore. SecA binding generates a 'window' at the lateral gate of the SecY channel and it displaces the plug domain, preparing the channel for signal sequence binding and channel opening.	0
Abstract2class: A gut-to-brain signal of fluid osmolarity controls thirst satiation Abstract: Satiation is the process by which eating and drinking reduce appetite. For thirst, oropharyngeal cues have a critical role in driving satiation by reporting to the brain the volume of fluid that has been ingested1-12. By contrast, the mechanisms that relay the osmolarity of ingested fluids remain poorly understood. Here we show that the water and salt content of the gastrointestinal tract are precisely measured and then rapidly communicated to the brain to control drinking behaviour in mice. We demonstrate that this osmosensory signal is necessary and sufficient for satiation during normal drinking, involves the vagus nerve and is transmitted to key forebrain neurons that control thirst and vasopressin secretion. Using microendoscopic imaging, we show that individual neurons compute homeostatic need by integrating this gastrointestinal osmosensory information with oropharyngeal and blood-borne signals. These findings reveal how the fluid homeostasis system monitors the osmolarity of ingested fluids to dynamically control drinking behaviour.	0
Abstract2class: Thirst neurons anticipate the homeostatic consequences of eating and drinking Abstract: Thirst motivates animals to drink in order to maintain fluid balance. Thirst has conventionally been viewed as a homeostatic response to changes in blood volume or tonicity. However, most drinking behaviour is regulated too rapidly to be controlled by blood composition directly, and instead seems to anticipate homeostatic imbalances before they arise. How this is achieved remains unknown. Here we reveal an unexpected role for the subfornical organ (SFO) in the anticipatory regulation of thirst in mice. By monitoring deep-brain calcium dynamics, we show that thirst-promoting SFO neurons respond to inputs from the oral cavity during eating and drinking and then integrate these inputs with information about the composition of the blood. This integration allows SFO neurons to predict how ongoing food and water consumption will alter fluid balance in the future and then to adjust behaviour pre-emptively. Complementary optogenetic manipulations show that this anticipatory modulation is necessary for drinking in several contexts. These findings provide a neural mechanism to explain longstanding behavioural observations, including the prevalence of drinking during meals, the rapid satiation of thirst, and the fact that oral cooling is thirst-quenching.	0
Abstract2class: CRISPR screens identify genomic ribonucleotides as a source of PARP-trapping lesions Abstract: The observation that BRCA1- and BRCA2-deficient cells are sensitive to inhibitors of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) has spurred the development of cancer therapies that use these inhibitors to target deficiencies in homologous recombination1. The cytotoxicity of PARP inhibitors depends on PARP trapping, the formation of non-covalent protein-DNA adducts composed of inhibited PARP1 bound to DNA lesions of unclear origins1-4. To address the nature of such lesions and the cellular consequences of PARP trapping, we undertook three CRISPR (clustered regularly interspersed palindromic repeats) screens to identify genes and pathways that mediate cellular resistance to olaparib, a clinically approved PARP inhibitor1. Here we present a high-confidence set of 73 genes, which when mutated cause increased sensitivity to PARP inhibitors. In addition to an expected enrichment for genes related to homologous recombination, we discovered that mutations in all three genes encoding ribonuclease H2 sensitized cells to PARP inhibition. We establish that the underlying cause of the PARP-inhibitor hypersensitivity of cells deficient in ribonuclease H2 is impaired ribonucleotide excision repair5. Embedded ribonucleotides, which are abundant in the genome of cells deficient in ribonucleotide excision repair, are substrates for cleavage by topoisomerase 1, resulting in PARP-trapping lesions that impede DNA replication and endanger genome integrity. We conclude that genomic ribonucleotides are a hitherto unappreciated source of PARP-trapping DNA lesions, and that the frequent deletion of RNASEH2B in metastatic prostate cancer and chronic lymphocytic leukaemia could provide an opportunity to exploit these findings therapeutically.	0
Abstract2class: Topology-directed design of porous organic frameworks and their advanced applications Abstract: Porous organic frameworks (POFs) as an important subclass of nanoporous materials are of great interest in materials science. In recent years, the discovery and creation of POFs with excellent properties for advanced applications have attracted much attention and intensive efforts have been contributed to this field. As a result, the design of materials with multi-functionalities is an ever-pursued dream of materials scientists and engineers. In this respect, a new concept based on topology chemistry is introduced for the rational and targeted synthesis of POF materials. The present feature article provides an overview of the relationship between building blocks or starting monomers, underlying topological nets, and pre-determined structures. Several important nets are included successively from one to three dimensions. In addition, special emphasis is given to the advanced applications of designed POF materials in the current paper.	0
Abstract2class: Template-free synthesis of mesoporous N-doped SrTiO3 perovskite with high visible-light-driven photocatalytic activity Abstract: An effective, template-free synthesis methodology has been developed for preparing mesoporous nitrogen-doped SrTiO(3) (meso-STON) using glycine as both a nitrogen source and a mesopore creator. The N-doping, large surface area and developed porosity endow meso-STON with excellent activity in visible-light-responsive photodegradation of organic dyes.	0
Abstract2class: Clickable polyglycerol hyperbranched polymers and their application to gold nanoparticles and acid-labile nanocarriers Abstract: A one-step, large-scale preparation of alkyne-containing hyper-branched polyglycerols (HPG) is reported. The HPGs undergo click reactions to organic azides allowing a range of applications.	0
Abstract2class: Resolving DNA at efficiencies of more than a million plates per meter using bare narrow open capillaries without sieving matrices Abstract: We report a novel approach for effectively separating DNA molecules in free solution. The method uses a bare narrow open capillary without any sieving matrices to resolve a wide size-range of DNA fragments at efficiencies of more than a million plates per meter routinely.	0
Abstract2class: A new cascade halosulfonylation of 1,7-enynes toward 3,4-dihydroquinolin-2(1H)-ones via sulfonyl radical-triggered addition/6-exo-dig cyclization Abstract: A new cascade three-component halosulfonylation of 1,7-enynes for efficient synthesis of densely functionalized 3,4-dihydroquinolin-2(1H)-ones has been established from readily accessible arylsulfonyl hydrazides and NIS (or NBS). The reaction pathway involves in situ-generated sulfonyl radical-triggered α,β-conjugated addition/6-exo-dig cyclization/radical coupling sequence, resulting in continuous multiple bond-forming events including C-S, C-C and C-I (or C-Br) bonds to rapidly build up molecular complexity.	0
Abstract2class: A fluorogenic screening platform enables directed evolution of an alkyne biosynthetic tool Abstract: Directed evolution was used to improve the activity of JamB, a membrane-bound bifunctional desaturase/acetylenase. To quickly assess the protein engineering outcomes, we developed a new platform for quantifying extracellular alkyne-tagged metabolites through a fluorogenic click reaction. Random mutagenesis yielded the best JamB variant with ∼20-fold increased activity in E. coli.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient synthesis of biazoles by aerobic oxidative homocoupling of azoles catalyzed by a copper(I)/2-pyridonate catalytic system Abstract: A highly efficient and convenient CuCl/2-pyridonate catalytic system for oxidative homocoupling of azoles affording a biazole product has been developed. With this system, a variety of biazoles have been effectively synthesized in good to excellent yields in the presence of a very small amount of copper catalyst (1.0 mol%). It was feasible to employ air as a green oxidant.	0
Abstract2class: Nucleic acid aptamers: an emerging frontier in cancer therapy Abstract: The last two decades have witnessed the development and application of nucleic acid aptamers in a variety of fields, including target analysis, disease therapy, and molecular and cellular engineering. The efficient and widely applicable aptamer selection, reproducible chemical synthesis and modification, generally impressive target binding selectivity and affinity, relatively rapid tissue penetration, low immunogenicity, and rapid systemic clearance make aptamers ideal recognition elements for use as therapeutics or for in vivo delivery of therapeutics. In this feature article, we discuss the development and biomedical application of nucleic acid aptamers, with emphasis on cancer cell aptamer isolation, targeted cancer therapy, oncology biomarker identification and drug discovery.	0
Abstract2class: First identification of unstable phosphino formic acid (H2PCOOH) Abstract: The hitherto elusive phosphino formic acid molecule (H2PCOOH) was detected for the first time in the gas phase. Theoretical calculations revealed an unexpected kinetic stability of H2PCOOH compared to the isovalent carbamic acid (H2NCOOH) although the replacement of a single nitrogen atom by phosphorus decreases the bond order from a partial double (-C[double bond, length as m-dash]N-) to a single (-C-P-) bond. This work provides a fundamental framework to explore the synthesis and stability of derivatives of carbonic acid (H2CO3), in which one or both hydroxyl groups (OH) are replaced by hydride moieties involving third row atoms.	0
Abstract2class: Breathing and oscillating growth of solid-electrolyte-interphase upon electrochemical cycling Abstract: We report the first direct experimental evidence of the dynamic behavior of the solid-electrolyte-interphase (SEI) on copper electrodes upon electrochemical cycling. Synchrotron-based soft X-ray absorption spectroscopy (sXAS) and time-of-flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (TOF-SIMS) consistently show that both the chemical composition and the thickness of the SEI change with electrochemical potential throughout the slow formation process. In particular, sXAS results show that the nascent carbonate species in SEI show redox reversibility and decompose during the delithiation (oxidation) process, which leads to a significant shrinking of the SEI thickness as confirmed by TOF-SIMS. Meanwhile, the carbonates also matures and become more and more inactive at every lithiation (reduction) process. These experimental observations reveal unambiguously that SEI formation is much more complicated than a simple and monotonous deposition of electrolyte decomposition product; instead, it could be an oscillating process with a breathing growth.	0
Abstract2class: Enhancement of the electrocatalytic activity of Pt nanoparticles in oxygen reduction by chlorophenyl functionalization Abstract: Chlorophenyl-stabilized platinum nanoparticles (1.85 nm) exhibited electrocatalytic activity for oxygen reduction up to 3 times higher than that of commercial Pt/C catalysts. Similar enhancement was observed with naked Pt/C functionalized by the same chlorophenyl fragments, suggesting the important role of organic capping ligands in the manipulation of nanoparticle electrocatalytic performance.	0
Abstract2class: Butylphenyl-functionalized palladium nanoparticles as effective catalysts for the electrooxidation of formic acid Abstract: Monodisperse butylphenyl-functionalized palladium (Pd-BP, dia. 2.24 nm) nanoparticles were synthesized through co-reduction of butylphenyldiazonium and H(2)PdCl(4) by NaBH(4). Because of this unique surface functionalization and a high specific electrochemical surface area (122 m(2) g(-1)), the Pd-BP nanoparticles exhibited a mass activity ∼4.5 times that of commercial Pd black for HCOOH electrooxidation.	0
Abstract2class: Serine protease acylation proceeds with a subtle re-orientation of the histidine ring at the tetrahedral intermediate Abstract: The acylation mechanism of a prototypical serine protease trypsin and its complete free energy reaction profile have been determined by Born-Oppenheimer ab initio QM/MM molecular dynamics simulations with umbrella sampling.	0
Abstract2class: Nebraska Red: a phosphinate-based near-infrared fluorophore scaffold for chemical biology applications Abstract: A series of novel phosphinate-based dyes displaying near-infrared fluorescence (NIR) are reported. These dyes exhibit remarkable photostability and brightness. The phosphinate functionality is leveraged as an additional reactive handle in order to tune cell permeability as well as provide a proof-of-principle for a self-reporting small molecule delivery vehicle.	0
Abstract2class: Synthesis of the ABCD and ABCDE ring systems of azaspiracid-1 Abstract: The efficient syntheses of the ABCD ring system of the originally proposed structure of azaspiracid-1 and the ABCDE ring system of the revised structure of azaspiracid-1 containing the correct stereochemistry at C(6), C(10), C(13), C(14), C(16), C(17), C(19), C(21), C(22), C(24) and C(25) have been achieved.	0
Abstract2class: The effect of geometric isomerism on the anticancer activity of the monofunctional platinum complex trans-[Pt(NH3)2(phenanthridine)Cl]NO3 Abstract: A trans-DDP based monofunctional phenanthridine Pt(ii) complex was synthesized and characterized. Its anticancer activity was studied in vitro on a panel of human cancer cell lines and mouse intestinal cancer organoids. This complex displays significant antitumor properties, with a different spectrum of activity than that of classic bifunctional cross-linking agents like cisplatin.	0
Abstract2class: Design and synthesis of active heparan sulfate-based probes Abstract: A chemoenzymatic approach for synthesizing heparan sulfate oligosaccharides with a reactive diazoacetyl saccharide residue is reported. The resultant oligosaccharides were demonstrated to serve as specific inhibitors for heparan sulfate sulfotransferases, offering a new set of tools to probe the structural selectivity for heparan sulfate-binding proteins.	0
Abstract2class: A minimized designer protein for facile biofabrication of ZnS:Mn immuno-quantum dots Abstract: A minimized protein consisting of a linear ZnS-binding peptide fused to an antibody-binding domain supports the one-step aqueous synthesis of Mn-doped ZnS nanocrystals that exhibit smaller size, brighter fluorescence and improved antibody-binding relative to those made with the original designer protein.	0
Abstract2class: Alternative chiral thiols for preparation of chiral CdS quantum dots covered immediately by achiral thiols Abstract: Developing of alternative chiral thiol stabilizers from the assembly of achiral thiol (e.g. thioglycolic acid) and chiral ligand (e.g. arginine) via both hydrogen bonding and electrostatic interactions was proposed and successfully applied to an efficient preparation of chiral CdS quantum dots (QDs). Chiral CdS QDs capped mainly with achiral thioglycolic acid were also obtained that may allow the chiral QDs to be modified for extended applications.	0
Abstract2class: Influence of DNA topology on expression of the tdc operon in Escherichia coli K-12 Abstract: TdcB activity expressed from the chromosomal gene and LacZ expression from single-copy tdc-lacZ transcriptional and translational fusions were measured in Escherichia coli strains harboring mutations in the genes encoding DNA gyrase, topoisomerase I and the HU protein. The pattern of tdc operon expression in these mutants suggests that relaxation of supercoiled DNA enhances tdc transcription in vivo.	0
Abstract2class: Mutation of a highly conserved base in the yeast mitochondrial 21S rRNA restricts ribosomal frameshifting Abstract: A mutation shown to cause resistance to chloramphenicol in Saccharomyces cerevisiae was mapped to the central loop in domain V of the yeast mitochondrial 21S rRNA. The mutant 21S rRNA has a base pair exchange from U2677 (corresponding to U2504 in Escherichia coli) to C2677, which significantly reduces rightward frameshifting at a UU UUU UCC A site in a +1 U mutant. There is evidence to suggest that this reduction also applies to leftward frameshifting at the same site in a -1 U mutant. The mutation did not increase the rate of misreading of a number of mitochondrial missense, nonsense or frameshift (of both signs) mutations, and did not adversely affect the synthesis of wild-type mitochondrial gene products. It is suggested here that ribosomes bearing either the C2677 mutation or its wild-type allele may behave identically during normal decoding and only differ at sites where a ribosomal stall, by permitting non-standard decoding, differentially affects the normal interaction of tRNAs with the chloramphenicol resistant domain V. Chloramphenicol-resistant mutations mapping at two other sites in domain V are described. These mutations had no effect on frameshifting.	0
Abstract2class: Overexpression of a novel member of the mitochondrial carrier family rescues defects in both DNA and RNA metabolism in yeast mitochondria Abstract: The PIF1 and MRS2 gene products have previously been shown to be essential for mitochondrial DNA maintenance at elevated temperatures and mitochondrial group II intron splicing, respectively, in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae. A multicopy suppressor capable of rescuing the respiratory deficient phenotype associated with null alleles of either gene has been isolated. This suppressor is a nuclear gene that was called RIM2/MRS12. The RIM2/MRS12 gene encodes a predicted protein of 377 amino acids that is essential for mitochondrial DNA metabolism and proper cell growth. Inactivation of this gene causes the total loss of mitochondrial DNA and, compared to wild-type rhoo controls, a slow-growth phenotype on media containing glucose. Analysis of the RIM2/MRS12 protein sequence suggests that RIM2/MRS12 encodes a novel member of the mitochondrial carrier family. In particular, a typical triplicate structure, where each repeat consists of two putative transmembrane segments separated by a hydrophilic loop, can be deduced from amino acid sequence comparisons and the hydropathy profile of RIM2/MRS12. Antibodies directed against the aminoterminus of RIM2/MRS12 detect this protein in mitochondria. The function of the RIM2/MRS12 protein and the substrates it might transport are discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and isolation of the FEEBLY gene from tomato by transposon tagging Abstract: The Ac/Ds transposon system from maize was used for insertional mutagenesis in tomato. Marker genes were employed for the selection of plants carrying a total of 471 unique Ds elements. Three mutants were obtained with Ds insertions closely linked to recessive mutations: feebly (fb), yellow jim (yj) and dopey (dp). The fb seedlings produced high anthocyanin levels, developed into small fragile plants, and were insensitive to the herbicide phosphinothricin. The yj plants had yellow leaves as a result of reduced levels of chlorophyll. The dp mutants completely or partially lacked inflorescences. The fb and yj loci were genetically linked to the Ds donor site on chromosome 3. Reactivation of the Ds element in the fb mutants by crosses with an Ac-containing line resulted in restoration of the wild-type phenotypes. Plant DNA fragments flanking both sides of the Ds element in the fb mutant were isolated by the inverse polymerase chain reaction. Molecular analysis showed that phenotypic reversions of fb were correlated with excisions of Ds. DNA sequence analysis of Fb reversion alleles showed the characteristic Ds footprints. Northern and cDNA sequence analysis indicated that transcription of the FEEBLY (FB) gene was impeded by the insertion of Ds in an intron. Comparison of the predicted amino acid sequence of the FB protein with other database sequences indicated that FB is a novel gene.	0
Abstract2class: Inheritance and genetic mapping of resistance to Alternaria alternata f. sp. lycopersici in Lycopersicon pennellii Abstract: The fungal pathogen Alternaria alternata f. sp. lycopersici produces AAL-toxins that function as chemical determinants of the Alternaria stem canker disease in the tomato (Lycopersicon esculentum). In resistant cultivars, the disease is controlled by the Asc locus on chromosome 3. Our aim was to characterize novel sources of resistance to the fungus and of insensitivity to the host-selective AAL-toxins. To that end, the degree of sensitivity of wild tomato species to AAL-toxins was analyzed. Of all members of the genus Lycopersicon, only L. cheesmanii was revealed to be sensitive to AAL-toxins and susceptible to fungal infection. Besides moderately insensitive responses from some species, L. pennellii and L. peruvianum were shown to be highly insensitive to AAL-toxins as well as resistant to the pathogen. Genetic analyses showed that high insensitivity to AAL-toxins from L. pennellii is inherited in tomato as a single complete dominant locus. This is in contrast to the incomplete dominance of insensitivity to AAL-toxins of L. esculentum. Subsequent classical genetics, RFLP mapping and allelic testing indicated that high insensitivity to AAL-toxins from L. pennellii is conferred by a new allele of the Asc locus.	0
Abstract2class: Distance-dependent translational coupling and interference in Lactococcus lactis Abstract: The possibility of raising the expression level of a heterologous gene in Lactococcus lactis by exploiting the principle of translational coupling was investigated. For this purpose, the Escherichia coli lacZ gene was transcriptionally fused to a short open reading frame (ORF) of lactococcal origin. A Shine-Dalgarno (SD) sequence was introduced at the boundary of the two ORFs. In a series of otherwise identical plasmids, the relative positions of the translational stop codon of the upstream ORF and the translational start codon of the downstream ORF (lacZ) were varied. The expression of lacZ gradually increased as the stop and start codons were placed in closer proximity. A concomitant switch from translational interference to translational coupling was observed. Best results were obtained with partially overlapping stop and start codons. It is concluded that the principle of translational coupling offers good possibilities to increase the level of heterologous gene expression in L. lactis.	0
Abstract2class: Carbon-starvation induction of the ugp operon, encoding the binding protein-dependent sn-glycerol-3-phosphate transport system in Escherichia coli Abstract: The gene products of the ugp operon of Escherichia coli are responsible for the uptake of sn-glycerol-3-phosphate and certain glycerophosphodiesters. The regulation of ugp is mainly phoBR-dependent. Significant expression, however, can be observed even in the presence of high concentrations of phosphate, a condition which normally completely represses pho expression. Pho-independent ugp expression was found to be derepressed during the late logarithmic growth phase due to carbon starvation. Among different carbon sources tested, glucose caused the most complete repression. Addition of cAMP prevented glucose repression, indicating that a cAMP-CRP control mechanism may be directly or indirectly involved in the carbon-starvation response. This conclusion is supported by the fact that pho-independent ugp expression correlated with the presence of the cya and crp gene products.	0
Abstract2class: Genomic organization, sequence analysis and expression of all five genes encoding the small subunit of ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase from tomato Abstract: We have cloned and sequenced all five members of the gene family for the small subunit (rbcS) of ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase from tomato, Lycopersicon esculentum cv. VFNT LA 1221 cherry line. Two of the five genes, designated Rbcs-1 and Rbcs-2, are present as single genes at individual loci. Three genes, designated Rbcs-3A, Rbcs-3B and Rbcs-3C, are organized in a tandem array within 10 kb at a third independent locus. The Rbcs-2 gene contains three introns; all the other members of the tomato gene family contain two introns. The coding sequence of Rbcs-1 differs by 14.0% from that of Rbcs-2 and by 13.3% from that of Rbcs-3 genes. Rbcs-2 shows 10.4% divergence from Rbcs-3. The exon and intron sequences of Rbcs-3A are identical to those of Rbcs-3C, and differ by 1.9% from those of Rbcs-3B. Nucleotide sequence analysis suggests that the five rbcS genes encode four different precursors, and three different mature polypeptides. S1 nuclease mapping of the 5' end of rbcS mRNAs revealed that the mRNA leader sequences vary in length from 8 to 75 nucleotides. Northern analysis using gene-specific oligonucleotide probes from the 3' non-coding region of each gene reveals a four to five-fold difference among the five genes in maximal steady-state mRNA levels in leaves.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of the nusB gene product of Escherichia coli Abstract: Escherichia coli nusB mutants fail to support the activity of a phage lambda gene product, pN, which regulates phage gene expression by influencing transcription termination. We report the identification of the nusB protein on SDS-polyacrylamide gels as a 14,500 dalton protein.	0
Abstract2class: Bacteriophage T7 morphogenesis and gene 10 frameshifting in Escherichia coli showing different degrees of ribosomal fidelity Abstract: Bacteriophage T7 infection has been studied in Escherichia coli strains showing both increased and decreased ribosome fidelity and in the presence of streptomycin, which stimulates translational misreading, in an effort to determine effects on the apparent programmed translational frameshift that occurs during synthesis of the gene 10 capsid protein. Quantitation of the protein bands from SDS-PAGE failed to detect any significant effects on the amounts of the shifted 10B protein relative to the in-frame 10A protein under all fidelity conditions tested. However, any changes in fidelity conditions led to inhibition of phage morphogenesis in single-step growth experiments, which could not be accounted for by reduced amounts of phage protein synthesis, nor, at least in the case of decreased accuracy, by reduced amounts of phage DNA synthesis. Reduction in phage DNA synthesis did appear to account for a substantial proportion of the reduction in phage yield seen under conditions of increased accuracy. Similar effects of varying ribosomal fidelity on growth were also seen with phage T3, and to a lesser extent with phage T4. The absence of change in the high-frequency T7 gene 10 frameshift differs from earlier reports that ribosomal fidelity affects low-frequency frameshift errors.	0
Abstract2class: PWP2, a member of the WD-repeat family of proteins, is an essential Saccharomyces cerevisiae gene involved in cell separation Abstract: WD-repeat proteins contain four to eight copies of a conserved motif that usually ends with a tryptophan-aspartate (WD) dipeptide. The Saccharomyces cerevisiae PWP2 gene, identified by sequencing of chromosome III, is predicted to contain eight so-called WD-repeats, flanked by nonhomologous extensions. This gene is expressed as a 3.2-kb mRNA in all cell types and encodes a protein of 104 kDa. The PWP2 gene is essential for growth because spores carrying the pwp2 delta 1::HIS3 disruption germinate before arresting growth with one or two large buds. The growth defect of pwp2 delta 1::HIS3 cells was rescued by expression of PWP2 or epitope-tagged HA-PWP2 using the galactose-inducible GALI promoter. In the absence of galactose, depletion of Pwp2p resulted in multibudded cells with defects in bud site selection, cytokinesis, and hydrolysis of the septal junction between mother and daughter cells. In cell fractionation studies, HA-Pwp2p was localized in the particulate component of cell lysates, from which it would be solubulized by high salt and alkaline buffer but not by nonionic detergents or urea. Indirect immunofluorescence microscopy indicated that HA-Pwp2p was clustered at multiple points in the cytoplasm. These results suggest that Pwp2p exists in a proteinaceous complex, possibly associated with the cytoskeleton, where it functions in control of cell growth and separation.	0
Abstract2class: DNA sequences required for translational frameshifting in production of the transposase encoded by IS1 Abstract: The transposase encoded by insertion sequence IS1 is produced from two out-of-phase reading frames (insA and B'-insB) by translational frameshifting, which occurs within a run of six adenines in the -1 direction. To determine the sequence essential for frameshifting, substitution mutations were introduced within the region containing the run of adenines and were examined for their effects on frameshifting. Substitutions at each of three (2nd, 3rd and 4th) adenine residues in the run, which are recognized by tRNA(Lys) reading insA, caused serious defects in frameshifting, showing that the three adenine residues are essential for frameshifting. The effects of substitution mutations introduced in the region flanking the run of adenines and in the secondary structures located downstream were, however, small, indicating that such a region and structures are not essential for frameshifting. Deletion of a region containing the termination codon of insA caused a decrease in beta-galactosidase activity specified by the lacZ fusion plasmid in frame with B'-insB. Exchange of the wild-type termination codon of insA for a different one or introduction of an additional termination codon in the region upstream of the native termination codon caused an increase in beta-galactosidase activity, indicating that the termination codon in insA affects the efficiency of frameshifting.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of the site of translational frameshifting required for production of the transposase encoded by insertion sequence IS 1 Abstract: Previous genetic analyses indicated that translational frameshifting in the--1 direction occurs within the run of six adenines in the sequence 5'-TTAAAAAACTC-3' at nucleotide positions 305-315 in IS 1, where the two out-of-phase reading frames insA and B'-insB overlap, to produce transposase with a polypeptide segment Leu-Lys-Lys-Leu at residues 84-87. IS 1 mutants with a 1 bp insertion, which encode mutant transposases with an amino acid substitution within the polypeptide segment at residues 84-87, did not efficiently mediate cointegration, except for an IS 1 mutant which encodes a mutant transposase with a Leu-Arg-Lys-Leu segment instead of Leu-Lys-Lys-Leu. An IS 1 mutant with the DNA segment 5'-CTTAAAAACTC-3' at positions 305-315 carrying the termination codon TAA in the B'-insB reading frame could still mediate cointegration, indicating that codon AAA for Lys corresponding to second, third and fourth positions in the run of adenines is the site of frameshifting. The beta-galactosidase activity specified by several IS 1-lacZ fusion plasmids, in which B'-insB is in-frame with lacZ, showed that the region 292-377 is sufficient for frameshifting. The protein produced by frameshifting from the IS 1-lacZ plasmid in fact contained the polypeptide segment Leu-Lys-Lys-Leu encoded by the DNA segment 5'-TTAAAAAACTC-3', indicating that--1 frameshifting does occur within the run of adenines.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and DNA sequence of tdcR, a positive regulatory gene of the tdc operon of Escherichia coli Abstract: Efficient in vivo expression of the biodegradative threonine dehydratase (tdc) operon of Escherichia coli is dependent on a regulatory gene, tdcR. The tdcR gene is located 198 base pairs upstream of the tdc operon and is transcribed divergently from this operon. The nucleotide sequence of tdcR and two unrelated reading frames has been determined. The deduced amino acid sequence of TdcR indicates that it is a polypeptide of Mr 12,000 with 99 amino acid residues and contains a potential helix-turn-helix DNA binding motif. Deletion analysis and minicell expression of the tdcR gene suggest that TdcR may serve as a trans-acting positive activator for the tdc operon.	0
Abstract2class: Physical linkage and transcriptional orientation of the tdc operon on the Escherichia coli chromosome Abstract: The physical and genetic structure of 37 kilobases of DNA encompassing the tdc region at 68.3 min of the Escherichia coli chromosome was determined by DNA sequence analysis and restriction mapping. Re-examination of new data concerning the direction of transcription of the tdc operon revealed that in strain W3110 the tdc region is located on a transposable segment of DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Preprosubtilisin Carlsberg processing and secretion is blocked after deletion of amino acids 97-101 in the mature part of the enzyme Abstract: During an investigation into the substrate specificity and processing of subtilisin Carlsberg from Bacillus licheniformis, two major independent findings were made: (i) as has been shown previously, a stretch of five amino acids (residues 97-101 of the mature enzyme) that loops out into the binding cleft is involved in substrate binding by subtilisin Carlsberg. In order to see whether this loop element also determines substrate specificity, the coding region for these five amino acids was deleted from the cloned gene for subtilisin Carlsberg by site-directed mutagenesis. Unexpectedly the resulting mutant preproenzyme (P42c, Mr = 42 kDa) was not processed to the mature form (Mr = 30 kDa) and was not released into the medium by a protease-deficient B. subtilis host strain; rather, it accumulated in the cell membrane. This result demonstrates that the integrity of this loop element, which is very distant from the processing cleavage sites in the preproenzyme, is required for secretion of subtilisin Carlsberg. (ii) In culture supernatants from B. subtilis harbouring the cloned wild-type subtilisin Carlsberg gene the transient appearance (at 0-3 h after onset of stationary phase) of a processing intermediate (P38c, Mr = 38 kDa) of this protease could be demonstrated. P38c very probably represents a genuine proform of subtilisin Carlsberg.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of a sodium chloride-regulated promoter in Lactococcus lactis by single-copy chromosomal fusion with a reporter gene Abstract: An integration vector, pORI13, was developed to screen in Lactococcus lactis for expression signals induced by changes in the environment and to assay transcriptional activity of genes in single copy. The plasmid carries a promoterless Escherichia coli lacZ gene preceded by a start codon, a lactococcal ribosome binding site, and a multiple cloning site. Chromosomal Sau3AI fragments of L. lactis MG1363 DNA were cloned in pORI13 using a RepA+ E. coli as host. The resulting bank of plasmids was used for Campbell-type integration into the chromosome of L. lactis MG1363. The relatively large size of the chromosomal fragments used increases the chance of retaining complete genes in the targeted region. Screening of integrants in the presence of 0.3 M NaCl resulted in the isolation of a clone (NS3) in which expression of lacZ was dependent on the concentration of chloride ions.	0
Abstract2class: Mitochondrial mutations restricting spontaneous translational frameshift suppression in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: The +1 frameshift mutation, M5631, which is located in the gene (oxi1) for cytochrome c oxidase II (COXII) of the yeast mitochondrial genome, is suppressed spontaneously to a remarkably high extent (20%-30%). The full-length wild-type COXII produced as a result of suppression allows the mutant strain to grow with a "leaky" phenotype on non-fermentable medium. In order to elucidate the factors and interactions involved in this translational suppression, the strain with the frameshift mutation was mutated by MnCl2 treatment and a large number of mutants showing restriction of the suppression were isolated. Of 20 mutants exhibiting a strong, restricted, respiration-deficient (RD) phenotype, 6 were identified as having mutations in the mitochondrial genome. Furthermore, genetic analyses mapped one mutation to the vicinity of the gene for tRNA(Pro) and two others to a region of the tRNA cluster where two-thirds of all mitochondrial tRNA genes are encoded. The degree of restriction of the spontaneous frameshift suppression was characterized at the translational level by in vivo 35S-labeling of the mitochondrial translational products and immunoblotting. These results showed that in some of these mutant strains the frameshift suppression product is synthesized to the same extent as in the leaky parent strain. It is suggested that more than one +1 frame-shifted product is made as a result of suppression in these strains: one is as functional as the wild-type COXII, the other(s) is (are) nonfunctional and prevent leaky growth on non-fermentable medium. A possible mechanism for this heterogenous frameshift suppression is discussed.	0
Abstract2class: Ac-induced disruption of the double Ds structure in tomato Abstract: The maize doubleDs element is stably maintained in the tomato genome. Upon the subsequent introduction of Ac into a plant containing doubleDs, disruption of the doubleDs structure and DNA rearrangements at the site of the doubleDs element were observed. No indications were obtained for excision of the complete doubleDs structure. The consequences of transactivation of doubleDs in these experiments are different from those described for transactivation of single Ds elements in tomato. The mechanisms by which such rearrangements could have occurred in tomato are discussed in relation to complex insertions containing doubleDs in maize.	0
Abstract2class: Transactivation of Ds by Ac-transposase gene fusions in tobacco Abstract: To study regulation of the (Ds) transposition process in heterologous plant species, the transposase gene of Ac was fused to several promoters that are active late during plant development. These promoters are the flower-specific chalcone synthase A promoter (CHS A), the anther-specific chalcone isomerase B promoter CHI B and the pollen-specific chalcone isomerase A2 promoter CHI A2. The modified transposase genes were introduced into a tobacco tester plant. This plant contains Ds stably inserted within the leader sequence of the hygromycin resistance (HPT II) gene. As confirmed with positive control elements, excision of Ds leads to the restoration of a functional HPT II gene and to a hygromycin resistant phenotype. No hygromycin resistance was observed in negative control experiments with Ac derivatives lacking 5' regulatory sequences. Although transactivation of Ds was observed after the introduction of transposase gene fusions in calli, excision in regenerated plants was observed only for the CHS A- or CHI B-transposase gene fusions. With these modified transposase genes, somatic excision frequencies were increased (68%) and decreased (22%), respectively, compared to the situation with the Ac element itself (38%). The shifts in transactivation frequencies were not associated with significant differences in the frequencies of germinally transmitted excision events (approximately 5%). The relative somatic stability of Ds insertions bearing the CHI B-transposase gene fusion suggests the usefulness of this activator element for transposon tagging experiments.	0
Abstract2class: Directed evolution of potent neutralizing nanobodies against SARS-CoV-2 using CDR-swapping mutagenesis Abstract: There is widespread interest in facile methods for generating potent neutralizing antibodies, nanobodies, and other affinity proteins against SARS-CoV-2 and related viruses to address current and future pandemics. While isolating antibodies from animals and humans are proven approaches, these methods are limited to the affinities, specificities, and functional activities of antibodies generated by the immune system. Here we report a surprisingly simple directed evolution method for generating nanobodies with high affinities and neutralization activities against SARS-CoV-2. We demonstrate that complementarity-determining region swapping between low-affinity lead nanobodies, which we discovered unintentionally but find is simple to implement systematically, results in matured nanobodies with unusually large increases in affinity. Importantly, the matured nanobodies potently neutralize both SARS-CoV-2 pseudovirus and live virus, and possess drug-like biophysical properties. We expect that our methods will improve in vitro nanobody discovery and accelerate the generation of potent neutralizing nanobodies against diverse coronaviruses.	0
Abstract2class: The Intersection of Structural and Chemical Biology - An Essential Synergy Abstract: The continual improvement in our ability to generate high resolution structural models of biological molecules has stimulated and supported innovative chemical biology projects that target increasingly challenging ligand interaction sites. In this review we outline some of the recent developments in chemical biology and rational ligand design and show selected examples that illustrate the synergy between these research areas.	0
Abstract2class: Progress in Understanding Ferroptosis and Challenges in Its Targeting for Therapeutic Benefit Abstract: Ferroptosis is an iron-dependent cell-death modality driven by oxidative phospholipid damage. In contrast to apoptosis, which enables organisms to eliminate targeted cells purposefully at specific times, ferroptosis appears to be a vulnerability of cells that otherwise use high levels of polyunsaturated lipids to their advantage. Cells in this high polyunsaturated lipid state generally have safeguards that mitigate ferroptotic risk. Since its recognition, ferroptosis has been implicated in degenerative diseases in tissues including kidney and brain, and is a targetable vulnerability in multiple cancers-each likely characterized by the high polyunsaturated lipid state with insufficient or overwhelmed ferroptotic safeguards. In this Perspective, we present progress toward defining the essential roles and key mediators of lipid peroxidation and ferroptosis in disease contexts. Moreover, we discuss gaps in our understanding of ferroptosis and list key challenges that have thus far limited the full potential of targeting ferroptosis for improving human health.	0
Abstract2class: Morphological profiling of small molecules Abstract: Profiling approaches such as gene expression or proteome profiling generate small-molecule bioactivity profiles that describe a perturbed cellular state in a rather unbiased manner and have become indispensable tools in the evaluation of bioactive small molecules. Automated imaging and image analysis can record morphological alterations that are induced by small molecules through the detection of hundreds of morphological features in high-throughput experiments. Thus, morphological profiling has gained growing attention in academia and the pharmaceutical industry as it enables detection of bioactivity in compound collections in a broader biological context in the early stages of compound development and the drug-discovery process. Profiling may be used successfully to predict mode of action or targets of unexplored compounds and to uncover unanticipated activity for already characterized small molecules. Here, we review the reported approaches to morphological profiling and the kind of bioactivity that can be detected so far and, thus, predicted.	0
Abstract2class: Parvifoline AA Promotes Susceptibility of Hepatocarcinoma to Natural Killer Cell-Mediated Cytolysis by Targeting Peroxiredoxin Abstract: Natural killer (NK) cells play a crucial role in the surveillance of malignant cells. The engagement of NK group 2 member D (NKG2D) receptor with its ligands on target cells represents a promising therapeutic strategy against cancers. Here, we report that parvifoline AA (PAA), a natural ent-kaurane diterpenoid, markedly stimulates the expression of NKG2D ligands on hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells, considerably enhancing their recognition and lysis by NK cells. We determined that PAA covalently binds to the conserved cysteine site of peroxiredoxins I/II (Prxs-I/II) and inhibits their catalytic activity, subsequently activating the ROS/ERK axis and the immunogenicity of HCC toward NK cells. Robust tumor growth inhibition by PAA dependent on NK cell activation was detected in vivo. Our data suggest Prxs-I/II as a promising cancer immune therapeutic target and provide a compelling rationale for further development of the inhibitor PAA as a sensitizer agent for NK cell-mediated HCC immunotherapy.	0
Abstract2class: Investigation of Penicillin Binding Protein (PBP)-like Peptide Cyclase and Hydrolase in Surugamide Non-ribosomal Peptide Biosynthesis Abstract: Non-ribosomal peptides (NRPs) are biosynthesized on non-ribosomal peptides synthetase (NRPS) complexes, of which a C-terminal releasing domain commonly offloads the products. Interestingly, a dedicated releasing domain is absent in surugamides (SGM) NRPS, which directs the biosynthesis of cyclic octapeptides, SGM-A to -E, and the linear decapeptide, SGM-F. Here, we confirmed that surE is essential for the production of SGMs via genetic experiments. Biochemical characterization demonstrated that the recombinant enzyme, SurE, can generate the main products SGM-A and -F from the corresponding SNAC substrates, indicating that SurE is a standalone thioesterase-like enzyme. SurE also displays considerable substrate plasticity with expanded ring or different amino acid compositions to produce different cyclopeptides, highlighting the potential of chemoenzymatic applications. Site-directed mutagenesis allowed identification of the key residues of SurE. Finally, bioinformatics analysis suggested that SurE homologs are widely distributed in bacteria, suggesting a general mechanism of NRP release in Nature.	0
Abstract2class: Chemoproteomic Strategy to Quantitatively Monitor Transnitrosation Uncovers Functionally Relevant S-Nitrosation Sites on Cathepsin D and HADH2 Abstract: S-Nitrosoglutathione (GSNO) is an endogenous transnitrosation donor involved in S-nitrosation of a variety of cellular proteins, thereby regulating diverse protein functions. Quantitative proteomic methods are necessary to establish which cysteine residues are most sensitive to GSNO-mediated transnitrosation. Here, a competitive cysteine-reactivity profiling strategy was implemented to quantitatively measure the sensitivity of >600 cysteine residues to transnitrosation by GSNO. This platform identified a subset of cysteine residues with a high propensity for GSNO-mediated transnitrosation. Functional characterization of previously unannotated S-nitrosation sites revealed that S-nitrosation of a cysteine residue distal to the 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase type 2 (HADH2) active site impaired catalytic activity. Similarly, S-nitrosation of a non-catalytic cysteine residue in the lysosomal aspartyl protease cathepsin D (CTSD) inhibited proteolytic activation. Together, these studies revealed two previously uncharacterized cysteine residues that regulate protein function, and established a chemical-proteomic platform with capabilities to determine substrate specificity of other cellular transnitrosation agents.	0
Abstract2class: Prevention of Serpin Misfolding by RNA Aptamers Abstract: Owing to their structural flexibility, most serpins inhibit the cognate proteases in a fast and specific manner and also are susceptible to pathogenic misfolding. In this issue of Cell Chemical Biology, Madsen et al. (2016) report on the selection and characterization of an RNA aptamer that stabilizes α1-antichymotrypsin L55P mutant without interfering with the protease inhibitory activity.	0
Abstract2class: Structure-Based Identification of a Potent Inhibitor Targeting Stp1-Mediated Virulence Regulation in Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: The increasing threats of antibiotic resistance urge the need for developing new strategies against bacterial infections. Targeting eukaryotic-like Ser/Thr phosphatase Stp1-mediated virulence regulation represents a promising approach for combating staphylococcal infection yet to be explored. Here, we report the 2.32-Å resolution crystal structure of Stp1. Stp1 binds an unexpected fourth metal ion, which is important for Stp1's enzymatic activity as demonstrated by amino acid substitution studies. Inspired by the structural details of Stp1, we identified a potent and selective Stp1 inhibitor, aurintricarboxylic acid (ATA). Transcriptome analysis and biochemical studies supported Stp1 as the target of ATA inhibition within the pathogen, preventing upregulation of virulence genes. Notably, ATA did not affect in vitro growth of Staphylococcus aureus, while simultaneously attenuating staphylococcal virulence in mice. Our findings demonstrate that ATA is a potent anti-virulence compound against staphylococcal infection, laying the foundation for further developing new scaffolds for Stp1-targeted small molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Structural Insights into a Flavin-Dependent [4 + 2] Cyclase that Catalyzes trans-Decalin Formation in Pyrroindomycin Biosynthesis Abstract: Here, we provide structural insights into PyrE3, a flavin-dependent [4 + 2] cyclase that catalyzes trans-decalin formation in the biosynthesis of pyrroindomycins. PyrE3 shares an architecture/domain organization head-to-tail similarity with the members of the family of para-hydroxybenzoate hydroxylase (pHBH)-fold monooxygenases, and possesses a flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD)-binding domain, a middle domain, and a C-terminal thioredoxin-like domain. The FAD-binding domain forms a central hub of the protein structure, and binds with FAD in a "closed" conformation of pHBH-fold family monooxygenases known for their highly dynamic catalytic processes. FAD plays an essential structural role in PyrE3, where it is amenable to redox change; however, redox change has little effect on [4 + 2] cyclization activity. PyrE3 appears to selectively accommodate a tetramate-containing, linear polyene intermediate in a highly positively charged pocket, which is located at the interface between the FAD-binding domain and the middle domain, and can accelerate trans-decalin formation likely through an endo-selective [4 + 2] transition state.	0
Abstract2class: Enzyme-Dependent [4 + 2] Cycloaddition Depends on Lid-like Interaction of the N-Terminal Sequence with the Catalytic Core in PyrI4 Abstract: The Diels-Alder [4 + 2] cycloaddition reaction is one of the most powerful and elegant organic synthesis methods for forming 6-membered molecules and has been known for nearly a century. However, whether and how enzymes catalyze this type of reaction is still not completely clear. Here we focus on PyrI4, an enzyme found in the biosynthetic pathway of pyrroindomycins where it catalyzes the formation of a spiro-conjugate via an enzyme-dependent exo-selective [4 + 2] cycloaddition reaction. We report the crystal structures of PyrI4 alone and in complex with its product. Comparative analysis of these structures, combined with biochemical analysis, lead us to propose a unique trapping mechanism whereby the lid-like action of the N-terminal tail imposes conformational constraints on the β barrel catalytic core, which enhances the proximity and polarization effects of reactive groups (1,3-diene and alkene) to drive cyclization in a regio- and stereo-specific manner. This work represents an important step toward the wider application of enzyme-catalyzed [4 + 2] cyclization for synthetic purposes.	0
Abstract2class: Eradicating Bacterial Persisters with Combinations of Strongly and Weakly Metabolism-Dependent Antibiotics Abstract: The vast majority of bactericidal antibiotics display poor efficacy against bacterial persisters, cells that are in a metabolically repressed state. Molecules that retain their bactericidal functions against such bacteria often display toxicity to human cells, which limits treatment options for infections caused by persisters. Here, we leverage insight into metabolism-dependent bactericidal antibiotic efficacy to design antibiotic combinations that sterilize both metabolically active and persister cells, while minimizing the antibiotic concentrations required. These rationally designed antibiotic combinations have the potential to improve treatments for chronic and recurrent infections.	0
Abstract2class: Mimicry of a Non-ribosomally Produced Antimicrobial, Brevicidine, by Ribosomal Synthesis and Post-translational Modification Abstract: The group of bacterial non-ribosomally produced peptides (NRPs) forms a rich source of antibiotics, such as daptomycin, vancomycin, and teixobactin. The difficulty of functionally expressing and engineering the corresponding large biosynthetic complexes is a bottleneck in developing variants of such peptides. Here, we apply a strategy to synthesize mimics of the recently discovered antimicrobial NRP brevicidine. We mimicked the molecular structure of brevicidine by ribosomally synthesized, post-translationally modified peptide (RiPP) synthesis, introducing several relevant modifications, such as dehydration and thioether ring formation. Following this strategy, in two rounds peptides were engineered in vivo, which showed antibacterial activity against Gram-negative pathogenic bacteria susceptible to wild-type brevicidine. This study demonstrates the feasibility of a strategy to structurally and functionally mimic NRPs by employing the synthesis and post-translational modifications typical for RiPPs. This enables the future generation of large genetically encoded peptide libraries of NRP-mimicking structures to screen for antimicrobial activity against relevant pathogens.	0
Abstract2class: Scribble sub-cellular localization modulates recruitment of YES1 to regulate YAP1 phosphorylation Abstract: The multi-domain scaffolding protein Scribble (Scrib) regulates cell polarity and growth signaling at cell-cell junctions. In epithelial cancers, Scrib mislocalization and overexpression paradoxically transform Scrib from a basolateral tumor suppressor to a cytosolic driver of tumorigenicity. To address the function of Scrib (mis)localization, a Scrib-HaloTag fusion was genome engineered in polarized epithelial cells. Expression of the epithelial to mesenchymal transcription factor Snail displaced Scrib-HaloTag from cell junctions, mirroring the mislocalization observed in cancers. Interestingly, Snail expression promotes Yes-associated protein-1 (YAP1) nuclear localization independent of hippo pathway-regulated YAP-S127 phosphorylation. Furthermore, Scrib HaloPROTAC degradation attenuates YAP1-Y357 phosphorylation. Halo-ligand affinity purification mass spectrometry analysis identified the Src family kinase YES1 as a mislocalized Scrib interaction partner, preferentially recruiting the kinase active and open global conformation (αC helix in). Altogether, mislocalized Scrib enhances YAP1 phosphorylation by scaffolding active YES1.	0
Abstract2class: Therapeutic potency of compound RMY-205 for pulmonary fibrosis induced by SARS-CoV-2 nucleocapsid protein Abstract: Pulmonary fibrosis is a typical sequela of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), which is linked with a poor prognosis for COVID-19 patients. However, the underlying mechanism of pulmonary fibrosis induced by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is unclear. Here, we demonstrated that the nucleocapsid (N) protein of SARS-CoV-2 induced pulmonary fibrosis by activating pulmonary fibroblasts. N protein interacted with the transforming growth factor β receptor I (TβRI), to disrupt the interaction of TβRI-FK506 Binding Protein12 (FKBP12), which led to activation of TβRI to phosphorylate Smad3 and boost expression of pro-fibrotic genes and secretion of cytokines to promote pulmonary fibrosis. Furthermore, we identified a compound, RMY-205, that bound to Smad3 to disrupt TβRI-induced Smad3 activation. The therapeutic potential of RMY-205 was strengthened in mouse models of N protein-induced pulmonary fibrosis. This study highlights a signaling pathway of pulmonary fibrosis induced by N protein and demonstrates a novel therapeutic strategy for treating pulmonary fibrosis by a compound targeting Smad3.	0
Abstract2class: Rescue of Pink1 Deficiency by Stress-Dependent Activation of Autophagy Abstract: Stimulating autophagy is a promising therapeutic strategy for slowing the progression of neurodegenerative disease. Neurons are insensitive to current approaches based on mTOR inhibition for activating autophagy, and instead may rely on the Parkinson's disease-associated proteins PINK1 and PARKIN to activate the autophagy-lysosomal pathway in response to mitochondrial damage. We developed a multifactorial zebrafish drug-screening platform combining Pink1 deficiency with an environmental toxin to compromise mitochondrial function and trigger dopaminergic neuron loss. Using a phenotypic screening strategy, we identified a series of piperazine phenothiazines, including trifluoperazine, which rescued Pink1 deficiency by activating autophagy selectively in stressed zebrafish and human cells. We show that trifluoperazine acts downstream of, or parallel to, PINK1/PARKIN to stimulate transcription factor EB nuclear translocation and the expression of autophagy-lysosomal target genes. These data suggest that stress-dependent pharmacological reactivation of autophagy could prevent the loss of vulnerable neurons to slow neurodegeneration.	0
Abstract2class: An antibody-based proximity labeling map reveals mechanisms of SARS-CoV-2 inhibition of antiviral immunity Abstract: The global epidemic caused by the coronavirus severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) has resulted in the infection of over 200 million people. To extend the knowledge of interactions between SARS-CoV-2 and humans, we systematically investigate the interactome of 29 viral proteins in human cells by using an antibody-based TurboID assay. In total, 1,388 high-confidence human proximal proteins with biotinylated sites are identified. Notably, we find that SARS-CoV-2 manipulates the antiviral and immune responses. We validate that the membrane protein ITGB1 associates angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) to mediate SARS-CoV-2 entry. Moreover, we reveal that SARS-CoV-2 proteins inhibit activation of the interferon pathway through the mitochondrial protein mitochondrial antiviral-signaling protein (MAVS) and the methyltransferase SET domain containing 2, histone lysine methyltransferase (SETD2). We propose 111 potential drugs for the clinical treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and identify three compounds that significantly inhibit the replication of SARS-CoV-2. The proximity labeling map of SARS-CoV-2 and humans provides a resource for elucidating the mechanisms of viral infection and developing drugs for COVID-19 treatment.	0
Abstract2class: Imidazole Ketone Erastin Induces Ferroptosis and Slows Tumor Growth in a Mouse Lymphoma Model Abstract: Ferroptosis is a form of regulated cell death that can be induced by inhibition of the cystine-glutamate antiporter, system xc-. Among the existing system xc- inhibitors, imidazole ketone erastin (IKE) is a potent, metabolically stable inhibitor of system xc- and inducer of ferroptosis potentially suitable for in vivo applications. We investigated the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic features of IKE in a diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) xenograft model and demonstrated that IKE exerted an antitumor effect by inhibiting system xc-, leading to glutathione depletion, lipid peroxidation, and the induction of ferroptosis biomarkers both in vitro and in vivo. Using untargeted lipidomics and qPCR, we identified distinct features of lipid metabolism in IKE-induced ferroptosis. In addition, biodegradable polyethylene glycol-poly(lactic-co-glycolic acid) nanoparticles were employed to aid in IKE delivery and exhibited reduced toxicity compared with free IKE in a DLBCL xenograft model.	0
Abstract2class: Bioorthogonal dissection of the replicase assembly of hepatitis C virus Abstract: Positive-strand RNA viruses such as hepatitis C virus (HCV), flaviviruses, and coronaviruses are medically important. Assembly of replicase on host membranes is a conserved replication strategy and an attractive antiviral target. The mechanisms of replicase assembly are largely unknown, due to the technical difficulties in purifying the replicase and carrying out structural studies. Here, with an HCV replicase assembly surrogate system, we employed a bioorthogonal system to introduce the photolabile unnatural amino into each residue in the cytosolic regions of NS4B and the amphipathic helix (AH) of NS5A. Photocrosslinking enabled visualization of NS4B oligomerization and NS5A dimerization at pinpointed interacting residues and identifying contacting sites among the replicase components. Characterization of the interacting sites revealed hub elements in replicase assembly by docking replicase components to prompt protein-protein interactions. The results provide information about the molecular architecture of the replicase, advancing understanding of the mechanism of replicase assembly.	0
Abstract2class: Versatile Applications of Cyanobacteria in Biotechnology Abstract: Cyanobacteria are blue-green Gram-negative and photosynthetic bacteria which are seen as one of the most morphologically numerous groups of prokaryotes. Because of their ability to fix gaseous nitrogen and carbon dioxide to organic materials, they are known to play important roles in the universal nutrient cycle. Cyanobacteria has emerged as one of the promising resources to combat the issues of global warming, disease outbreaks, nutrition insecurity, energy crises as well as persistent daily human population increases. Cyanobacteria possess significant levels of macro and micronutrient substances which facilitate the versatile popularity to be utilized as human food and protein supplements in many countries such as Asia. Cyanobacteria has been employed as a complementary dietary constituent of feed for poultry and as vitamin and protein supplement in aquatic lives. They are effectively used to deal with numerous tasks in various fields of biotechnology, such as agricultural (including aquaculture), industrial (food and dairy products), environmental (pollution control), biofuel (bioenergy) and pharmaceutical biotechnology (such as antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressant, anticoagulant and antitumor); recently, the growing interest of applying them as biocatalysts has been observed as well. Cyanobacteria are known to generate a numerous variety of bioactive compounds. However, the versatile potential applications of cyanobacteria in biotechnology could be their significant growth rate and survival in severe environmental conditions due to their distinct and unique metabolic pathways as well as active defensive mechanisms. In this review, we elaborated on the versatile cyanobacteria applications in different areas of biotechnology. We also emphasized the factors that could impede the implementation to cyanobacteria applications in biotechnology and the execution of strategies to enhance their effective applications.	0
Abstract2class: Myxobacterial Predation: A Standardised Lawn Predation Assay Highlights Strains with Unusually Efficient Predatory Activity Abstract: Myxobacteria prey upon a broad range of microorganisms. Lawn assays are commonly used to quantify myxobacterial predation-myxobacterial suspensions are spotted onto prey lawns, and monitored via spot expansion. The diversity in motility behaviours of myxobacterial strains and differing assay protocols in myxobacteriology laboratories led us to develop a highly-specified assay, which was applied to 28 myxobacterial strains preying on seven phytopathogenic prey species. Generally, prey organisms showed no qualitative differences in their susceptibility/resistance to myxobacterial predation. For most myxobacteria, prey did not stimulate, and in ~50% of cases actively hindered colony expansion. Only ~25% of predator/prey strain combinations exhibited greater colony expansion than in the absence of nutrients. The activity of predatory strains against different prey correlated, implying effective predators may have relatively non-specific predation mechanisms (e.g., broad specificity proteases/lipases), but no correlation was observed between predatory activity and phylogeny. Predation on dead (but intact) or lysed prey cells gave greater colony expansion than on live prey. Occasional strains grew substantially faster on dead compared to lysed cells, or vice-versa. Such differences in accessing nutrients from live, dead and lysed cells indicates there are strain-specific differences in the efficiencies/machineries of prey killing and nutrient acquisition, which has important implications for the ecology of myxobacterial predators and their prey.	0
Abstract2class: Diversity Indices of Plant Communities and Their Rhizosphere Microbiomes: An Attempt to Find the Connection Abstract: The rhizosphere community represents an "ecological interface" between plant and soil, providing the plant with a number of advantages. Despite close connection and mutual influence in this system, the knowledge about the connection of plant and rhizosphere diversity is still controversial. One of the most valuable factors of this uncertainty is a rough estimation of plant diversity. NGS sequencing can make the estimations of the plant community more precise than classical geobotanical methods. We investigate fallow and crop sites, which are similar in terms of environmental conditions and soil legacy, yet at the same time are significantly different in terms of plant diversity. We explored amplicons of both the plant root mass (ITS1 DNA) and the microbial communities (16S rDNA); determined alpha- and beta-diversity indices and their correlation, and performed differential abundance analysis. In the analysis, there is no correlation between the alpha-diversity indices of plants and the rhizosphere microbial communities. The beta-diversity between rhizosphere microbial communities and plant communities is highly correlated (R = 0.866, p = 0.01). ITS1 sequencing is effective for the description of plant root communities. There is a connection between rhizosphere communities and the composition of plants, but on the alpha-diversity level we found no correlation. In the future, the connection of alpha-diversities should be explored using ITS1 sequencing, even in more similar plant communities-for example, in different synusia.	0
Abstract2class: Bioactive Antimicrobial Peptides: A New Weapon to Counteract Zoonosis Abstract: Zoonoses have recently become the center of attention of the general population and scientific community. Notably, more than 30 new human pathogens have been identified in the last 30 years, 75% of which can be classified as zoonosis. The complete eradication of such types of infections is far out of reach, considering the limited understanding of animal determinants in zoonoses and their causes of emergence. Therefore, efforts must be doubled in examining the spread, persistence, and pathogenicity of zoonosis and studying possible clinical interventions and antimicrobial drug development. The search for antimicrobial bioactive compounds has assumed great emphasis, considering the emergence of multi-drug-resistant microorganisms. Among the biomolecules of emerging scientific interest are antimicrobial peptides (AMPs), potent biomolecules that can potentially act as important weapons against infectious diseases. Moreover, synthetic AMPs are easily tailored (bioinformatically) to target specific features of the pathogens to hijack, inducing no or very low resistance. Although very promising, previous studies on SAMPs' efficacy are still at their early stages. Indeed, further studies and better characterization on their mechanism of action with in vitro and in vivo assays are needed so as to proceed to their clinical application on human beings.	0
Abstract2class: Is the Illegal Trade of Glass Eels ( Anguilla anguilla) Increasing the Spread of Disease? A Case of EVEX Abstract: The European eel (Anguilla anguilla) is a catadromous species that inhabits the rivers of the Adriatic watershed in Croatia. It is a critically endangered fish species, according to the IUCN, due to its declining abundance in European rivers caused by overfishing and trafficking and by diseases caused by nematodes, pathogenic bacteria and viruses. An illegal parcel of glass eels was confiscated at the Zagreb Airport and was intended to re-populate Croatian rivers. Barcoding was employed to determine species affiliation, and a thorough health check was carried out. This study reports the evaluation of gross lesions, histological findings, and EVEX virus isolation and identification. Since the confiscated glass eels were of unknown origin and given the serological and genetic similarities of EVA and EVEX, we designed primers and probes for almost whole genome sequencing to elucidate the origin of glass eels based on viral phylogeny. Bayesian phylogeny showed that the isolated strain had the most common ancestor with a Danish isolate and likely evolved from the French isolate of EVEX. These findings are discussed in light of the divergence of recently isolated strains and their possible contribution to the decrease of the abundance of the European eel in European waters.	0
Abstract2class: Moso Bamboo Invasion Reshapes Community Structure of Denitrifying Bacteria in Rhizosphere of Alsophila spinulosa Abstract: The uncontrolled invasion of moso bamboo (Phyllostachys pubescens) dramatically alters soil nitrogen cycling and destroys the natural habitat of Alsophila spinulosa. Nevertheless, no clear evidence points out the role of denitrifying bacteria in the invasion of bamboo into the habitat of A. spinulosa. In the present study, we found that low (importance value 0.0008), moderate (0.6551), and high (0.9326) bamboo invasions dramatically altered the underground root biomass of both P. pubescens and A. spinulosa. The root biomass of A. spinulosa was maximal at moderate invasion, indicating that intermediate disturbance might contribute to the growth and survival of the colonized plant. Successful bamboo invasion significantly increased rhizospheric soil available nitrogen content of A. spinulosa, coupled with elevated denitrifying bacterial abundance and diversity. Shewanella, Chitinophaga, and Achromobacter were the primary genera in the three invasions, whereas high bamboo invasion harbored more denitrifying bacteria and higher abundance than moderate and low invasions. Further correlation analysis found that most soil denitrifying bacteria were positively correlated with soil organic matter and available nitrogen but negatively correlated with pH and water content. In addition, our findings illustrated that two denitrifying bacteria, Chitinophaga and Sorangium, might be essential indicators for evaluating the effects of bamboo invasion on the growth of A. spinulosa. Collectively, this study found that moso bamboo invasion could change the nitrogen cycling of colonized habitats through alterations of denitrifying bacteria and provided valuable perspectives for profound recognizing the invasive impacts and mechanisms of bamboo expansion.	0
Abstract2class: Soil Type Affects Organic Acid Production and Phosphorus Solubilization Efficiency Mediated by Several Native Fungal Strains from Mexico Abstract: Phosphorus (P) is considered a scarce macronutrient for plants in most tropical soils. The application of rock phosphate (RP) has been used to fertilize crops, but the amount of P released is not always at a necessary level for the plant. An alternative to this problem is the use of Phosphorus Solubilizing Microorganisms (PSM) to release P from chemically unavailable forms. This study compared the P sorption capacity of soils (the ability to retain P, making it unavailable for the plant) and the profile of organic acids (OA) produced by fungal isolates and the in vitro solubilization efficiency of RP. Trichoderma and Aspergillus strains were assessed in media with or without RP and different soils (Andisol, Alfisol, Vertisol). The type and amount of OA and the amount of soluble P were quantified, and according to our data, under the conditions tested, significant differences were observed in the OA profiles and the amount of soluble P present in the different soils. The efficiency to solubilize RP lies in the release of OAs with low acidity constants independent of the concentration at which they are released. It is proposed that the main mechanism of RP dissolution is the production of OAs.	0
Abstract2class: Use of Slightly Pressurized Carbon Dioxide to Enhance the Antimicrobial Properties of Brines in Naturally Processed Black Table Olives Abstract: Naturally fermented black table olives are processed at low pH in the presence of high sodium chloride concentrations ranging from 8 to 12% (w v-1). Reducing the salt content of brine has become an urgent issue as it is responsible for several health and environmental problems. The study aim was to evaluate slightly pressurized CO2 (spCO2) as a third barrier to microbial growth in naturally processed black table olives with low pH and a reduced NaCl concentration. Based on the assessments performed on a pilot plant scale, an spCO2 of 1 bar completely inhibited the growth of the bacteria and molds in the presence of reduced saline concentrations. Furthermore, the amount of yeast decreased in the brine as a function of the NaCl content. Laboratory tests performed under spCO2 conditions using a single yeast species from the same habitat confirmed the high sensitivity of some oxidizing yeasts and indicated that the fermenting yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, is the most tolerant species. Overall, in the brine of naturally processed olives with a low pH between 4 and 4.2, the antimicrobial properties observed with the high concentrations of NaCl can be achieved with a lower salt dose of 5% (w v-1) when combined with spCO2.	0
Abstract2class: Virgin Olive Oil Quality Is Affected by the Microbiota that Comprise the Biotic Fraction of the Oil Abstract: This review summarizes the current knowledge on the effects of oil-borne yeasts on the physicochemical, sensorial, and health-related characteristics of virgin olive oil (VOO) during storage. Bacteria, yeasts, and molds constitute the biotic fraction of freshly produced VOO. During storage, the bacteria and molds often die after a short period, while the yeasts survive and condition the quality of VOO. To date, approximately twenty-four yeast species have been isolated from different types of olive oil and its by-products, and seven of these species have been identified as new species. The activity of some yeasts of the biotic fraction of olive oil improves the sensorial characteristics of VOO. Some yeasts can also worsen the quality of the product by allowing the appearance of defects, oxidation of polar phenols, and triacylglycerol hydrolysis. Some yeast species of VOO show in vitro beneficial health effects, such as probiotic and antioxidant activities.	0
Abstract2class: Differential Microbial Composition of Monovarietal and Blended Extra Virgin Olive Oils Determines Oil Quality During Storage Abstract: Extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) contains a biotic fraction, which is characterized by various microorganisms, including yeasts. The colonization of microorganisms in the freshly produced EVOO is determined by the physicochemical characteristics of the product. The production of blended EVOO with balanced taste, which is obtained by blending several monovarietal EVOOs, modifies the original microbiota of each oil due to the differential physico-chemical characteristics of the blended oil. This study aimed to evaluate the effect of microbial composition on the stability of the quality indices of the monovarietal and blended EVOOs derived from Leccino, Peranzana, Coratina, and Ravece olive varieties after six months of storage. The yeasts survived only in the monovarietal EVOOs during six months of storage. Barnettozyma californica, Candida adriatica, Candida diddensiae, and Yamadazyma terventina were the predominant yeast species, whose abundance varied in the four monovarietal EVOOs. However, the number of yeasts markedly decreased during the first three months of storage in all blended EVOOs. Thus, all blended EVOOs were more stable than the monovarietal EVOOs as the abundance and activity of microorganisms were limited during storage.	0
Abstract2class: Pantoea Bacteriophage vB_PagS_AAS23: A Singleton of the Genus Sauletekiovirus Abstract: A cold-adapted siphovirus, vB_PagS_AAS23 (AAS23) was isolated in Lithuania using the Pantoea agglomerans strain AUR for the phage propagation. The double-stranded DNA genome of AAS23 (51,170 bp) contains 92 probable protein encoding genes, and no genes for tRNA. A comparative sequence analysis revealed that 25 of all AAS23 open reading frames (ORFs) code for unique proteins that have no reliable identity to database entries. Based on the phylogenetic analysis, AAS23 has no close relationship to other viruses publicly available to date and represents a single species of the genus Sauletekiovirus within the family Drexlerviridae. The phage is able to form plaques in bacterial lawns even at 4 °C and demonstrates a depolymerase activity. Thus, the data presented in this study not only provides the information on Pantoea-infecting bacteriophages, but also offers novel insights into the diversity of cold-adapted viruses and their potential to be used as biocontrol agents.	0
Abstract2class: The Chlamydia trachomatis Extrusion Exit Mechanism Is Regulated by Host Abscission Proteins Abstract: The cellular exit strategies of intracellular pathogens have a direct impact on microbial dissemination, transmission, and engagement of immune responses of the host. Chlamydia exit their host via a budding mechanism called extrusion, which offers protective benefits to Chlamydia as they navigate their extracellular environment. Many intracellular pathogens co-opt cellular abscission machinery to facilitate cell exit, which is utilized to perform scission of two newly formed daughter cells following mitosis. Similar to viral budding exit strategies, we hypothesize that an abscission-like mechanism is required to physically sever the chlamydial extrusion from the host cell, co-opting the membrane fission activities of the endosomal sorting complex required for transport (ESCRT) family of proteins that are necessary for cellular scission events, including abscission. To test this, C. trachomatis L2-infected HeLa cells were depleted of key abscission machinery proteins charged multivesicle body protein 4b (CHMP4B), ALIX, centrosome protein 55 (CEP55), or vacuolar protein sorting-associated protein 4A (VPS4A), using RNA interference (RNAi). Over 50% reduction in extrusion formation was achieved by depletion of CHMP4B, VPS4A, and ALIX, but no effect on extrusion was observed with CEP55 depletion. These results demonstrate a role for abscission machinery in C. trachomatis extrusion from the host cell, with ALIX, VPS4A and CHMP4B playing key functional roles in optimal extrusion release.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic Screening and Expression Analysis of Psychrophilic Bacillus spp. Reveal Their Potential to Alleviate Cold Stress and Modulate Phytohormones in Wheat Abstract: Abiotic stress in plants pose a major threat to cereal crop production worldwide and cold stress is also notorious for causing a decrease in plant growth and yield in wheat. The present study was designed to alleviate cold stress on plants by inoculating psychrophilic PGPR bacteria belonging to Bacillus genera isolated from extreme rhizospheric environments of Qinghai-Tibetan plateau. The genetic screening of psychrophilic Bacillus spp. CJCL2, RJGP41 and temperate B. velezensis FZB42 revealed presence of genetic features corresponding to cold stress response, membrane transport, signal transduction and osmotic regulation. Subsequently, the time frame study for the expression of genes involved in these pathways was also significantly higher in psychrophilic strains as analyzed through qPCR analysis at 4 ℃. The inoculated cold tolerant Bacillus strains also aided in inducing stress response in wheat by regulating abscisic acid, lipid peroxidation and proline accumulation pathways in a beneficial manner. Moreover, during comparative analysis of growth promotion in wheat all three Bacillus strains showed significant results at 25 ℃. Whereas, psychrophilic Bacillus strains CJCL2 and RJGP41 were able to positively regulate the expression of phytohormones leading to significant improvement in plant growth under cold stress.	0
Abstract2class: Classical Microbiological Diagnostics of Bacteremia: Are the Negative Results Really Negative? What is the Laboratory Result Telling Us About the "Gold Standard"? Abstract: Standard blood cultures require at least 24-120 h to be reported as preliminary positive. The objective of this study was to compare the reliability of Gram staining and fluorescent in-situ hybridization (FISH) for detecting bacteria in otherwise negative blood culture bottles. Ninety-six sets were taken from patients with a diagnosis of sepsis. Six incomplete blood culture sets and eight blood cultures sets demonstrating positive growth were excluded. We performed Gram stain and FISH on 82 sets taken from post-operative septic patients: 82 negative aerobic blood cultures, 82 anaerobic blood cultures, and 82 blood samples, as well as 57 blood samples taken from healthy volunteers. From the eighty-two blood sets analyzed from the septic patients, Gram stain visualized bacteria in 62.2% of blood samples, 35.4% of the negative aerobic bottles, and in 31.7% of the negative anaerobic bottles. Utilizing FISH, we detected bacteria in 75.6%, 56.1%, and 64.6% respectively. Among the blood samples from healthy volunteers, FISH detected bacteria in 64.9%, while Gram stain detected bacteria in only 38.6%. The time needed to obtain the study results using Gram stain was 1 h, for FISH 4 h, and for the culture method, considering the duration of growth, 5 days. Gram stain and FISH allow quick detection of bacteria in the blood taken directly from a patient. Finding phagocytosed bacteria, which were also detected among healthy individuals, confirms the hypothesis that blood microbiome exists.	0
Abstract2class: Morganella Phage Mecenats66 Utilizes an Evolutionarily Distinct Subtype of Headful Genome Packaging with a Preferred Packaging Initiation Site Abstract: Both recognized species from the genus Morganella (M. morganii and M. psychrotolerans) are Gram-negative facultative anaerobic rod-shaped bacteria that have been documented as sometimes being implicated in human disease. Complete genomes of seven Morganella-infecting phages are publicly available today. Here, we report on the genomic characterization of an insect associated Morganella sp. phage, which we named Mecenats66, isolated from dead worker honeybees. Phage Mecenats66 was propagated, purified, and subjected to whole-genome sequencing with subsequent complete genome annotation. After the genome de novo assembly, it was noted that Mecenats66 might employ a headful packaging with a preferred packaging initiation site, although its terminase amino acid sequence did not fall within any of the currently recognized headful packaging subtype employing phage (that had their packaging strategy experimentally verified) with clusters on a terminase sequence phylogenetic tree. The in silico predicted packaging strategy was verified experimentally, validating the packaging initiation site and suggesting that Mecenats66 represents an evolutionarily distinct headful genome packaging with a preferred packaging initiation site strategy subtype. These findings can possibly be attributed to several of the phages already found within the public biological sequence repositories and could aid newly isolated phage packaging strategy predictions in the future.	0
Abstract2class: Genome Characterization of Nocturne116, Novel Lactococcus lactis-Infecting Phage Isolated from Moth Abstract: While looking for novel insect-associated phages, a unique siphophage, Nocturne116, was isolated from a deceased local moth specimen along with its host, which was identified by 16S rRNA gene sequencing as a strain of Lactococcus lactis. Next-generation sequencing and the subsequent genome annotation elaborated on herein revealed that the genome of Nocturne116 is a 25,554 bp long dsDNA molecule with 10 bp long 3' cos overhangs and a GC content of 37.99%, comprising 52 predicted open reading frames. The complete nucleotide sequence of phage Nocturne116 genome is dissimilar to any of the already sequenced phages, save for a distant link with Lactococcus phage Q54. Functions for only 15/52 of Nocturne116 gene products could be reliably predicted using contemporary comparative genomics approaches, while 22 of its gene products do not yet have any homologous entries in the public biological sequence repositories. Despite the public availability of nearly 350 elucidated Lactococcus phage complete genomes as of now, Nocturne116 firmly stands out as a sole representative of novel phage genus.	0
Abstract2class: Comparative Transcriptomics Reveals Distinct Gene Expressions of a Model Ciliated Protozoa Feeding on Bacteria-Free Medium, Digestible, and Digestion-Resistant Bacteria Abstract: Bacterivory is an important ecological function of protists in natural ecosystems. However, there are diverse bacterial species resistant to protistan digestion, which reduces the carbon flow to higher trophic levels. So far, a molecular biological view of metabolic processes in heterotrophic protists during predation of bacterial preys of different digestibility is still lacking. In this study, we investigated the growth performance a ciliated protozoan Tetrahymena thermophila cultivated in a bacteria-free Super Proteose Peptone (SPP) medium (control), and in the media mixed with either a digestion-resistant bacterial species (DRB) or a digestible strain of E. coli (ECO). We found the protist population grew fastest in the SPP and slowest in the DRB treatment. Fluorescence in situ hybridization confirmed that there were indeed non-digested, viable bacteria in the ciliate cells fed with DRB, but none in other treatments. Comparative analysis of RNA-seq data showed that, relative to the control, 637 and 511 genes in T. thermophila were significantly and differentially expressed in the DRB and ECO treatments, respectively. The protistan expression of lysosomal proteases (especially papain-like cysteine proteinases), GH18 chitinases, and an isocitrate lyase were upregulated in both bacterial treatments. The genes encoding protease, glycosidase and involving glycolysis, TCA and glyoxylate cycles of carbon metabolic processes were higher expressed in the DRB treatment when compared with the ECO. Nevertheless, the genes for glutathione metabolism were more upregulated in the control than those in both bacterial treatments, regardless of the digestibility of the bacteria. The results of this study indicate that not only bacterial food but also digestibility of bacterial taxa modulate multiple metabolic processes in heterotrophic protists, which contribute to a better understanding of protistan bacterivory and bacteria-protists interactions on a molecular basis.	0
Abstract2class: The Production of γ-Aminobutyric Acid from Free and Immobilized Cells of Levilactobacillus brevis Cultivated in Anaerobic and Aerobic Conditions Abstract: γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) has several beneficial effects on human health. GABA may be produced via chemical synthesis or through microbial metabolism, and Levilactobacillus brevis is recognized as a GABA-producing species. In this study, 11 Lvb. brevis strains were screened for GABA production, and the best producers were selected to verify the effect of aerobic (AE) and respiratory (RS) cultivations on growth parameters, biomass, and GABA accumulation. Lvb. brevis LB12 was then used to evaluate the combined effect of the incubation atmosphere (anaerobiosis vs. aerobiosis), cell protection (free vs. immobilized cells), and cell recycling (fresh vs. starved cells) on GABA production. Glutamate (GLU) consumption and GABA accumulation were detected by Thin-layer Chromatography (TLC) and RP-HPLC analyses. The ability to produce GABA was widespread among the strains. AE and RS growth improved biomass production, but oxygen availability impaired GLU to GABA conversion, and the anaerobically growing cells had the highest GABA productivity. Immobilized strains had lower efficiency in both GLU uptake and conversion compared to free cells, probably due to the poor diffusion in alginate beads. The use of resting cells allowed further GABA production without the cultivation step, but cell activity was exhausted after three cycles of reutilization. Lvb. brevis LB12 is an excellent GABA producer, and AE cultivation can be exploited to improve the final cell density; however, the conditions for boosting GLU to GABA conversion and cell regeneration need to be further investigated.	0
Abstract2class: Selection of Non- Saccharomyces Wine Yeasts for the Production of Leavened Doughs Abstract: Background:                       Non-conventional yeasts (NCY) (i.e., non-Saccharomyces) may be used as alternative starters to promote biodiversity and quality of fermented foods and beverages (e.g., wine, beer, bakery products).                  Methods:                       A total of 32 wine-associated yeasts (Campania region, Italy) were genetically identified and screened for decarboxylase activity and leavening ability. The best selected strains were used to study the leavening kinetics in model doughs (MDs). A commercial strain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae was used as the control. The volatile organic profiles of the inoculated MDs were analyzed by solid phase microextraction/gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (SPME/GC-MS).                  Results:                       Most of strains belonged to the NCY species Hanseniaspora uvarum, Metschnikowia pulcherrima, Pichia kudriavzevii, Torulaspora delbruekii, and Zygotorulaspora florentina, while a few strains were S. cerevisiae. Most strains of H. uvarum lacked decarboxylase activity and showed a high leaving activity after 24 h of incubation that was comparable to the S. cerevisiae strains. The selected H. uvarum strains generated a different flavor profile of the doughs compared to the S. cerevisiae strains. In particular, NCY reduced the fraction of aldehydes that were potentially involved in oxidative phenomena.                  Conclusions:                       The use of NCY could be advantageous in the bakery industry, as they can provide greater diversity than S. cerevisiae-based products, and may be useful in reducing and avoiding yeast intolerance.	0
Abstract2class: Selection of Lactiplantibacillus Strains for the Production of Fermented Table Olives Abstract: Lactiplantibacillus strains (n. 77) were screened for technological properties (e.g., xylose fermentation, EPS production, antimicrobial activity, tolerance to NaCl and phenolic compounds, oleuropein degradation and hydroxytyrosol formation) relevant for the production of fermented table olives. Survival to olive mill wastewater (OMW) and to simulated gastro-intestinal tract (GIT), the capability to grow at different combinations of NaCl and pH values, radical scavenging activities and biofilm formation were further investigated in 15 selected strains. The screening step revealed high diversity among Lactiplantibacillus strains. Most of the strains were able to ferment xylose, while only a few strains produced EPS and had inhibitory activity against Y. lipolytica. Resistance to phenolic compounds (gallic, protocatechuic, hydroxybenzoic and syringic acids), as well as the ability to release hydroxytyrosol from oleuropein, was strain-specific. OMWs impaired the survival of selected strains, while combinations of NaCl ≤ 6% and pH ≥ 4.0 were well tolerated. DPPH and hydroxyl radical degradation were strain-dependent, while the capability to form biofilm was affected by incubation time. Strains were very tolerant to the GIT. The genome of Lpb. pentosus O17 was sequenced and analysed to verify the presence of genes involved in the degradation and metabolism of phenolic compounds. O17 lacks carboxylesterase and gallate decarboxylase (subunits B and D) sequences, and its gene profile differs from that of other publicly available Lpb. pentosus genomes.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide identification of pathogenicity factors of the free-living amoeba Naegleria fowleri Abstract: Background:                       The free-living amoeba Naegleria fowleri is the causative agent of the rapidly progressing and typically fatal primary amoebic meningoencephalitis (PAM) in humans. Despite the devastating nature of this disease, which results in > 97% mortality, knowledge of the pathogenic mechanisms of the amoeba is incomplete. This work presents a comparative proteomic approach based on an experimental model in which the pathogenic potential of N. fowleri trophozoites is influenced by the compositions of different media.                  Results:                       As a scaffold for proteomic analysis, we sequenced the genome and transcriptome of N. fowleri. Since the sequence similarity of the recently published genome of Naegleria gruberi was far lower than the close taxonomic relationship of these species would suggest, a de novo sequencing approach was chosen. After excluding cell regulatory mechanisms originating from different media compositions, we identified 22 proteins with a potential role in the pathogenesis of PAM. Functional annotation of these proteins revealed, that the membrane is the major location where the amoeba exerts its pathogenic potential, possibly involving actin-dependent processes such as intracellular trafficking via vesicles.                  Conclusion:                       This study describes for the first time the 30 Mb-genome and the transcriptome sequence of N. fowleri and provides the basis for the further definition of effective intervention strategies against the rare but highly fatal form of amoebic meningoencephalitis.	0
Abstract2class: A new genomic tool, ultra-frequently cleaving TaqII/sinefungin endonuclease with a combined 2.9-bp recognition site, applied to the construction of horse DNA libraries Abstract: Background:                       Genomics and metagenomics are currently leading research areas, with DNA sequences accumulating at an exponential rate. Although enormous advances in DNA sequencing technologies are taking place, progress is frequently limited by factors such as genomic contig assembly and generation of representative libraries. A number of DNA fragmentation methods, such as hydrodynamic sharing, sonication or DNase I fragmentation, have various drawbacks, including DNA damage, poor fragmentation control, irreproducibility and non-overlapping DNA segment representation. Improvements in these limited DNA scission methods are consequently needed. An alternative method for obtaining higher quality DNA fragments involves partial digestion with restriction endonucleases (REases).                  Results:                       We constructed a horse genomic library and a deletion derivative library of the butyrylcholinesterase cDNA coding region using a novel method, based on TaqII, Thermus sp. family bifunctional enzyme exhibiting cofactor analogue specificity relaxation. We used sinefungin (SIN) - an S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) analogue with reversed charge pattern, and dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO), to convert the 6-bp recognition site TaqII (5'-GACCGA-3' [11/9]) into a theoretical 2.9-bp REase, with 70 shortened variants of the canonical recognition sequence detected. Because partial DNA cleavage is an inherent feature of the Thermus sp. enzyme family, this modified TaqII is uniquely suited to quasi-random library generation.                  Conclusions:                       In the presence of SIN/DMSO, TaqII REase is transformed from cleaving every 4096 bp on average to cleaving every 58 bp. TaqII SIN/DMSO thus extends the palette of available REase prototype specificities. This phenomenon, employed under partial digestion conditions, was applied to quasi-random DNA fragmentation. Further applications include high sensitivity probe generation and metagenomic DNA amplification.	0
Abstract2class: A carrier-assisted ChIP-seq method for estrogen receptor-chromatin interactions from breast cancer core needle biopsy samples Abstract: Background:                       The Estrogen Receptor alpha (ERα) is the key transcriptional regulator in luminal breast cancer and is therefore the main target for adjuvant treatment of this subtype. Luminal gene signatures are dictated by the transcriptional capacities of ERα, which are a direct consequence of the receptors binding preference at specific sites on the chromatin. The identification of ERα binding signatures on a genome-wide level has greatly enhanced our understanding of Estrogen Receptor biology in cell lines and tumours, but the technique has its limitations with respect to its applicability in limited amounts of tumour tissue.                  Results:                       Here, we present a refinement of the ChIP-seq procedures to enable transcription factor mapping on limited amounts of tissue culture cells as well as from a limited amount of tumor tissue derived from core needle biopsies. Our approach uses a carrier that can be removed prior to DNA amplification and sequencing.                  Conclusion:                       We illustrate the applicability of this refined technology by mapping the ERα genome-wide chromatin binding landscape in core needle biopsy material from primary breast tumours. With this, our refined technology permits for a high-resolution transcription factor mapping even from clinical samples.	0
Abstract2class: Diversity in genomic organisation, developmental regulation and distribution of the murine PR72/B" subunits of protein phosphatase 2A Abstract: Background:                       Protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A) is a serine/threonine-specific phosphatase displaying vital functions in growth and development through its role in various signalling pathways. PP2A holoenzymes comprise a core dimer composed of a catalytic C and a structural A subunit, which can associate with a variable B-type subunit. The importance of the B-type subunits for PP2A regulation cannot be overestimated as they determine holoenzyme localisation, activity and substrate specificity. Three B-type subunit families have been identified: PR55/B, PR61/B' and PR72/B", of which the latter is currently the least characterised.                  Results:                       We deduced the sequences and genomic organisation of the different murine PR72/B" isoforms: three genes encode nine isoforms, five of which are abundantly expressed and give rise to genuine PP2A subunits. Thereby, one novel subunit was identified. Using Northern blotting, we examined the tissue-specific and developmental expression of these subunits. All subunits are highly expressed in heart, suggesting an important cardiac function. Immunohistochemical analysis revealed a striated expression pattern of PR72 and PR130 in heart and skeletal muscle, but not in bladder smooth muscle. The subcellular localisation and cell cycle regulatory ability of several PR72/B" isoforms were determined, demonstrating differences as well as similarities.                  Conclusion:                       In contrast to PR55/B and PR61/B', the PR72/B" family seems evolutionary more divergent, as only two of the murine genes have a human orthologue. We have integrated these results in a more consistent nomenclature of both human and murine PR72/B" genes and their transcripts/proteins. Our results provide a platform for the future generation of PR72/B" knockout mice.	0
Abstract2class: Correspondence regarding "Effect of active smoking on the human bronchial epithelium transcriptome" Abstract: Background:                       In the work of Chari et al. entitled "Effect of active smoking on the human bronchial epithelium transcriptome" the authors use SAGE to identify candidate gene expression changes in bronchial brushings from never, former, and current smokers. These gene expression changes are categorized into those that are reversible or irreversible upon smoking cessation. A subset of these identified genes is validated on an independent cohort using RT-PCR. The authors conclude that their results support the notion of gene expression changes in the lungs of smokers which persist even after an individual has quit.                  Results:                       This correspondence raises questions about the validity of the approach used by the authors to analyze their data. The majority of the reported results suffer deficiencies due to the methods used. The most fundamental of these are explained in detail: biases introduced during data processing, lack of correction for multiple testing, and an incorrect use of clustering for gene discovery. A randomly generated "null" dataset is used to show the consequences of these shortcomings.                  Conclusion:                       Most of Chari et al.'s findings are consistent with what would be expected by chance alone. Although there is clear evidence of reversible changes in gene expression, the majority of those identified appear to be false positives. However, contrary to the authors' claims, no irreversible changes were identified. There is a broad consensus that genetic change due to smoking persists once an individual has quit smoking; unfortunately, this study lacks sufficient scientific rigour to support or refute this hypothesis or identify any specific candidate genes. The pitfalls of large-scale analysis, as exemplified here, may not be unique to Chari et al.	0
Abstract2class: Irregular transcriptome reprogramming probably causes thec developmental failure of embryos produced by interspecies somatic cell nuclear transfer between the Przewalski's gazelle and the bovine Abstract: Background:                       Interspecies somatic cell nuclear transfer (iSCNT) has been regarded as a potential alternative for rescuing highly endangered species and can be used as a model for studying nuclear-cytoplasmic interactions. However, iSCNT embryos often fail to produce viable offspring. The alterations in normal molecular mechanisms contributing to extremely poor development are for the most part unknown.                  Results:                       Przewalski's gazelle-bovine iSCNT embryos (PBNT) were produced by transferring Przewalski's gazelle fibroblast nuclei into enucleated bovine oocytes. The percentages of PBNT embryos that developed to morula/blastocyst stages were extremely low even with the use of various treatments that included different SCNT protocols and treatment of embryos with small molecules. Transcriptional microarray analyses of the cloned embryos showed that the upregulation of reprogramming-associated genes in bovine-bovine SCNT (BBNT) embryos was significantly higher than those observed in PBNT embryos (1527:643). In all, 139 transcripts related to various transcription regulation factors (TFs) were unsuccessfully activated in the iSCNT embryos. Maternal degradation profiles showed that 1515 genes were uniquely downregulated in the BBNT embryos, while 343 genes were downregulated in the PBNT embryos. Incompatibilities between mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and nuclear DNA revealed that the TOMM (translocase of outer mitochondrial membrane)/TIMM (translocase of inner mitochondrial membrane) complex-associated genes in BBNT embryos had the highest expression levels, while the PBNT embryos exhibited much lower expression rates.                  Conclusions:                       Improper degradation of maternal transcripts, incomplete activation of TFs and abnormal expression of genes associated with mitochondrial function in PBNT embryos likely contributed to incomplete reprogramming of the donor cell nuclei and therefore led to the developmental failure of these cloned embryos.	0
Abstract2class: Sculpting the maturation, softening and ethylene pathway: the influences of microRNAs on tomato fruits Abstract: Background:                       MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a ubiquitous class of short RNAs, play vital roles in physiological and biochemical processes in plants by mediating gene silencing at post-transcriptional (PTGS) level. Tomato is a model system to study molecular basis of fleshy fruit ripening and senescence, ethylene biosynthesis and signal transduction owing to its genetic and molecular tractability. To study the functions of miRNAs in tomato fruit ripening and senescence, and their possible roles in ethylene response, the next generation sequencing method was employed to identify miRNAs in tomato fruit. Bioinformatics and molecular biology approaches were combined to profile the miRNAs expression patterns at three different fruit ripening stages and by exogenous ethylene treatment.                  Results:                       In addition to 7 novel miRNA families, 103 conserved miRNAs belonging to 24 families and 10 non-conserved miRNAs matching 9 families were identified in our libraries. The targets of many these miRNAs were predicted to be transcriptional factors. Other targets are known to play roles in the regulation of metabolic processes. Interestingly, some targets were predicted to be involved in fruit ripening and softening, such as Pectate Lyase, beta-galactosidase, while a few others were predicted to be involved in ethylene biosynthesis and signaling pathway, such as ACS, EIN2 and CTR1. The expression patterns of a number of such miRNAs at three ripening stages were confirmed by stem-loop RT-PCR, which showed a strong negative correlation with that of their targets. The regulation of exogenous ethylene on miRNAs expression profiles were analyzed simultaneously, and 3 down-regulated, 5 up-regulated miRNAs were found in this study.                  Conclusions:                       A combination of high throughput sequencing and molecular biology approaches was used to explore the involvement of miRNAs during fruit ripening. Several miRNAs showed differential expression profiles during fruit ripening, and a number of miRNAs were influenced by ethylene treatment. The results suggest the importance of miRNAs in fruit ripening and ethylene response.	0
Abstract2class: Benzo pyrene-induced DNA adducts and gene expression profiles in target and non-target organs for carcinogenesis in mice Abstract: Background:                       Gene expression changes induced by carcinogens may identify differences in molecular function between target and non-target organs. Target organs for benzo[a]pyrene (BaP) carcinogenicity in mice (lung, spleen and forestomach) and three non-target organs (liver, colon and glandular stomach) were investigated for DNA adducts by 32P-postlabelling, for gene expression changes by cDNA microarray and for miRNA expression changes by miRNA microarray after exposure of animals to BaP.                  Results:                       BaP-DNA adduct formation occurred in all six organs at levels that did not distinguish between target and non-target. cDNA microarray analysis showed a variety of genes modulated significantly by BaP in the six organs and the overall gene expression patterns were tissue specific. Gene ontology analysis also revealed that BaP-induced bioactivities were tissue specific; eight genes (Tubb5, Fos, Cdh1, Cyp1a1, Apc, Myc, Ctnnb1 and Cav) showed significant expression difference between three target and three non-target organs. Additionally, several gene expression changes, such as in Trp53 activation and Stat3 activity suggested some similarities in molecular mechanisms in two target organs (lung and spleen), which were not found in the other four organs. Changes in miRNA expression were generally tissue specific, involving, in total, 21/54 miRNAs significantly up- or down-regulated.                  Conclusions:                       Altogether, these findings showed that DNA adduct levels and early gene expression changes did not fully distinguish target from non-target organs. However, mechanisms related to early changes in p53, Stat3 and Wnt/β-catenin pathways may play roles in defining BaP organotropism.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptome responses to Ralstonia solanacearum infection in the roots of the wild potato Solanum commersonii Abstract: Background:                       Solanum commersonii is a wild potato species that exhibits high tolerance to both biotic and abiotic stresses and has been used as a source of genes for introgression into cultivated potato. Among the interesting features of S. commersonii is resistance to the bacterial wilt caused by Ralstonia solanacearum, one of the most devastating bacterial diseases of crops.                  Results:                       In this study, we used deep sequencing of S. commersonii RNA (RNA-seq) to analyze the below-ground plant transcriptional responses to R. solanacearum. While a majority of S. commersonii RNA-seq reads could be aligned to the Solanum tuberosum Group Phureja DM reference genome sequence, we identified 2,978 S. commersonii novel transcripts through assembly of unaligned S. commersonii RNA-seq reads. We also used RNA-seq to study gene expression in pathogen-challenged roots of S. commersonii accessions resistant (F118) and susceptible (F97) to the pathogen. Expression profiles obtained from read mapping to the S. tuberosum reference genome and the S. commersonii novel transcripts revealed a differential response to the pathogen in the two accessions, with 221 (F118) and 644 (F97) differentially expressed genes including S. commersonii novel transcripts in the resistant and susceptible genotypes. Interestingly, 22.6% of the F118 and 12.8% of the F97 differentially expressed genes had been previously identified as responsive to biotic stresses and half of those up-regulated in both accessions had been involved in plant pathogen responses. Finally, we compared two different methods to eliminate ribosomal RNA from the plant RNA samples in order to allow dual mapping of RNAseq reads to the host and pathogen genomes and provide insights on the advantages and limitations of each technique.                  Conclusions:                       Our work catalogues the S. commersonii transcriptome and strengthens the notion that this species encodes specific genes that are differentially expressed to respond to bacterial wilt. In addition, a high proportion of S. commersonii-specific transcripts were altered by R. solanacearum only in F118 accession, while phythormone-related genes were highly induced in F97, suggesting a markedly different response to the pathogen in the two plant accessions studied.	0
Abstract2class: The complete genome of Burkholderia phenoliruptrix strain BR3459a, a symbiont of Mimosa flocculosa: highlighting the coexistence of symbiotic and pathogenic genes Abstract: Background:                       Burkholderia species play an important ecological role related to xenobiosis, the promotion of plant growth, the biocontrol of agricultural diseases, and symbiotic and non-symbiotic biological nitrogen fixation. Here, we highlight our study as providing the first complete genome of a symbiotic strain of B. phenoliruptrix, BR3459a (=CLA1), which was originally isolated in Brazil from nodules of Mimosa flocculosa and is effective in fixing nitrogen in association with this leguminous species.                  Results:                       Genomic comparisons with other pathogenic and non-pathogenic Burkholderia strains grouped B. phenoliruptrix BR3459a with plant-associated beneficial and environmental species, although it shares a high percentage of its gene repertoire with species of the B. cepacia complex (Bcc) and "pseudomallei" group. The genomic analyses showed that the bce genes involved in exopolysaccharide production are clustered together in the same genomic region, constituting part of the Group III cluster of non-pathogenic bacteria. Regarding environmental stresses, we highlight genes that might be relevant in responses to osmotic, heat, cold and general stresses. Furthermore, a number of particularly interesting genes involved in the machinery of the T1SS, T2SS, T3SS, T4ASS and T6SS secretion systems were identified. The xenobiotic properties of strain BR3459a were also investigated, and some enzymes involved in the degradation of styrene, nitrotoluene, dioxin, chlorocyclohexane, chlorobenzene and caprolactam were identified. The genomic analyses also revealed a large number of antibiotic-related genes, the most important of which were correlated with streptomycin and novobiocin. The symbiotic plasmid showed high sequence identity with the symbiotic plasmid of B. phymatum. Additionally, comparative analysis of 545 housekeeping genes among pathogenic and non-pathogenic Burkholderia species strongly supports the definition of a new genus for the second branch, which would include BR3459a.                  Conclusions:                       The analyses of B. phenoliruptrix BR3459a showed key property of fixing nitrogen that together with genes for high tolerance to environmental stresses might explain a successful strategy of symbiosis in the tropics. The strain also harbours interesting sets of genes with biotechnological potential. However, the resemblance of certain genes to those of pathogenic Burkholderia raise concerns about large-scale applications in agriculture or for bioremediation.	0
Abstract2class: The Arabidopsis Kinome: phylogeny and evolutionary insights into functional diversification Abstract: Background:                       Protein kinases constitute a particularly large protein family in Arabidopsis with important functions in cellular signal transduction networks. At the same time Arabidopsis is a model plant with high frequencies of gene duplications. Here, we have conducted a systematic analysis of the Arabidopsis kinase complement, the kinome, with particular focus on gene duplication events. We matched Arabidopsis proteins to a Hidden-Markov Model of eukaryotic kinases and computed a phylogeny of 942 Arabidopsis protein kinase domains and mapped their origin by gene duplication.                  Results:                       The phylogeny showed two major clades of receptor kinases and soluble kinases, each of which was divided into functional subclades. Based on this phylogeny, association of yet uncharacterized kinases to families was possible which extended functional annotation of unknowns. Classification of gene duplications within these protein kinases revealed that representatives of cytosolic subfamilies showed a tendency to maintain segmentally duplicated genes, while some subfamilies of the receptor kinases were enriched for tandem duplicates. Although functional diversification is observed throughout most subfamilies, some instances of functional conservation among genes transposed from the same ancestor were observed. In general, a significant enrichment of essential genes was found among genes encoding for protein kinases.                  Conclusions:                       The inferred phylogeny allowed classification and annotation of yet uncharacterized kinases. The prediction and analysis of syntenic blocks and duplication events within gene families of interest can be used to link functional biology to insights from an evolutionary viewpoint. The approach undertaken here can be applied to any gene family in any organism with an annotated genome.	0
Abstract2class: Global genome analysis of the shikimic acid pathway reveals greater gene loss in host-associated than in free-living bacteria Abstract: Background:                       A central tenet in biochemistry for over 50 years has held that microorganisms, plants and, more recently, certain apicomplexan parasites synthesize essential aromatic compounds via elaboration of a complete shikimic acid pathway, whereas metazoans lacking this pathway require a dietary source of these compounds. The large number of sequenced bacterial and archaean genomes now available for comparative genomic analyses allows the fundamentals of this contention to be tested in prokaryotes. Using Hidden Markov Model profiles (HMM profiles) to identify all known enzymes of the pathway, we report the presence of genes encoding shikimate pathway enzymes in the hypothetical proteomes constructed from the genomes of 488 sequenced prokaryotes.                  Results:                       Amongst free-living prokaryotes most Bacteria possess, as expected, genes encoding a complete shikimic acid pathway, whereas of the culturable Archaea, only one was found to have a complete complement of recognisable enzymes in its predicted proteome. It may be that in the Archaea, the primary amino-acid sequences of enzymes of the pathway are highly divergent and so are not detected by HMM profiles. Alternatively, structurally unrelated (non-orthologous) proteins might be performing the same biochemical functions as those encoding recognized genes of the shikimate pathway. Most surprisingly, 30% of host-associated (mutualistic, commensal and pathogenic) bacteria likewise do not possess a complete shikimic acid pathway. Many of these microbes show some degree of genome reduction, suggesting that these host-associated bacteria might sequester essential aromatic compounds from a parasitised host, as a 'shared metabolic adaptation' in mutualistic symbiosis, or obtain them from other consorts having the complete biosynthetic pathway. The HMM results gave 84% agreement when compared against data in the highly curated BioCyc reference database of genomes and metabolic pathways.                  Conclusions:                       These results challenge the conventional belief that the shikimic acid pathway is universal and essential in prokaryotes. The possibilities that non-orthologous enzymes catalyse reactions in this pathway (especially in the Archaea), or that there exist specific uptake mechanisms for the acquisition of shikimate intermediates or essential pathway products, warrant further examination to better understand the precise metabolic attributes of host-beneficial and pathogenic bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Gatekeeper of pluripotency: a common Oct4 transcriptional network operates in mouse eggs and embryonic stem cells Abstract: Background:                       Oct4 is a key factor of an expanded transcriptional network (Oct4-TN) that governs pluripotency and self-renewal in embryonic stem cells (ESCs) and in the inner cell mass from which ESCs are derived. A pending question is whether the establishment of the Oct4-TN initiates during oogenesis or after fertilisation. To this regard, recent evidence has shown that Oct4 controls a poorly known Oct4-TN central to the acquisition of the mouse egg developmental competence. The aim of this study was to investigate the identity and extension of this maternal Oct4-TN, as much as whether its presence is circumscribed to the egg or maintained beyond fertilisation.                  Results:                       By comparing the genome-wide transcriptional profile of developmentally competent eggs that express the OCT4 protein to that of developmentally incompetent eggs in which OCT4 is down-regulated, we unveiled a maternal Oct4-TN of 182 genes. Eighty of these transcripts escape post-fertilisation degradation and represent the maternal Oct4-TN inheritance that is passed on to the 2-cell embryo. Most of these 80 genes are expressed in cancer cells and 37 are notable companions of the Oct4 transcriptome in ESCs.                  Conclusions:                       These results provide, for the first time, a developmental link between eggs, early preimplantation embryos and ESCs, indicating that the molecular signature that characterises the ESCs identity is rooted in oogenesis. Also, they contribute a useful resource to further study the mechanisms of Oct4 function and regulation during the maternal-to-embryo transition and to explore the link between the regulation of pluripotency and the acquisition of de-differentiation in cancer cells.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide identification of rubber tree (Hevea brasiliensis Muell. Arg.) aquaporin genes and their response to ethephon stimulation in the laticifer, a rubber-producing tissue Abstract: Background:                       Natural rubber, an important industrial raw material, is specifically synthesized in laticifers located inside the rubber tree (Hevea brasiliensis Muell. Arg.) trunk. Due to the absence of plasmodesmata, the laticifer water balance is mediated by aquaporins (AQPs). However, to date, the characterization of H. brasiliensis AQPs (HbAQPs) is still in its infancy.                  Results:                       In this study, 51 full-length AQP genes were identified from the rubber tree genome. The phylogenetic analysis assigned these AQPs to five subfamilies, including 15 plasma membrane intrinsic proteins (PIPs), 17 tonoplast intrinsic proteins (TIPs), 9 NOD26-like intrinsic proteins (NIPs), 4 small basic intrinsic proteins (SIPs) and 6 X intrinsic proteins (XIPs). Functional prediction based on the analysis of the aromatic/arginine (ar/R) selectivity filter, Froger's positions and specificity-determining positions (SDPs) showed a remarkable difference in substrate specificity among subfamilies. Homology analysis supported the expression of 44 HbAQP genes in at least one of the examined tissues. Furthermore, deep sequencing of the laticifer transcriptome in the form of latex revealed a key role of several PIP subfamily members in the laticifer water balance, and qRT-PCR analysis showed diverse expression patterns of laticifer-expressed HbAQP genes upon ethephon treatment, a widely-used practice for the stimulation of latex yield.                  Conclusions:                       This study provides an important genetic resource of HbAQP genes, which will be useful to improve the water use efficiency and latex yield of Hevea.	0
Abstract2class: Human glycolipid transfer protein (GLTP) genes: organization, transcriptional status and evolution Abstract: Background:                       Glycolipid transfer protein is the prototypical and founding member of the new GLTP superfamily distinguished by a novel conformational fold and glycolipid binding motif. The present investigation provides the first insights into the organization, transcriptional status, phylogenetic/evolutionary relationships of GLTP genes.                  Results:                       In human cells, single-copy GLTP genes were found in chromosomes 11 and 12. The gene at locus 11p15.1 exhibited several features of a potentially active retrogene, including a highly homologous (approximately 94%), full-length coding sequence containing all key amino acid residues involved in glycolipid liganding. To establish the transcriptional activity of each human GLTP gene, in silico EST evaluations, RT-PCR amplifications of GLTP transcript(s), and methylation analyses of regulator CpG islands were performed using various human cells. Active transcription was found for 12q24.11 GLTP but 11p15.1 GLTP was transcriptionally silent. Heterologous expression and purification of the GLTP paralogs showed glycolipid intermembrane transfer activity only for 12q24.11 GLTP. Phylogenetic/evolutionary analyses indicated that the 5-exon/4-intron organizational pattern and encoded sequence of 12q24.11 GLTP were highly conserved in therian mammals and other vertebrates. Orthologs of the intronless GLTP gene were observed in primates but not in rodentiates, carnivorates, cetartiodactylates, or didelphimorphiates, consistent with recent evolutionary development.                  Conclusion:                       The results identify and characterize the gene responsible for GLTP expression in humans and provide the first evidence for the existence of a GLTP pseudogene, while demonstrating the rigorous approach needed to unequivocally distinguish transcriptionally-active retrogenes from silent pseudogenes. The results also rectify errors in the Ensembl database regarding the organizational structure of the actively transcribed GLTP gene in Pan troglodytes and establish the intronless GLTP as a primate-specific, processed pseudogene marker. A solid foundation has been established for future identification of hereditary defects in human GLTP genes.	0
Abstract2class: SPC-P1: a pathogenicity-associated prophage of Salmonella paratyphi C Abstract: Background:                       Salmonella paratyphi C is one of the few human-adapted pathogens along with S. typhi, S. paratyphi A and S. paratyphi B that cause typhoid, but it is not clear whether these bacteria cause the disease by the same or different pathogenic mechanisms. Notably, these typhoid agents have distinct sets of large genomic insertions, which may encode different pathogenicity factors. Previously we identified a novel prophage, SPC-P1, in S. paratyphi C RKS4594 and wondered whether it might be involved in pathogenicity of the bacteria.                  Results:                       We analyzed the sequence of SPC-P1 and found that it is an inducible phage with an overall G+C content of 47.24%, similar to that of most Salmonella phages such as P22 and ST64T but significantly lower than the 52.16% average of the RKS4594 chromosome. Electron microscopy showed short-tailed phage particles very similar to the lambdoid phage CUS-3. To evaluate its roles in pathogenicity, we lysogenized S. paratyphi C strain CN13/87, which did not have this prophage, and infected mice with the lysogenized CN13/87. Compared to the phage-free wild type CN13/87, the lysogenized CN13/87 exhibited significantly increased virulence and caused multi-organ damages in mice at considerably lower infection doses.                  Conclusions:                       SPC-P1 contributes pathogenicity to S. paratyphi C in animal infection models, so it is possible that this prophage is involved in typhoid pathogenesis in humans. Genetic and functional analyses of SPC-P1 may facilitate the study of pathogenic evolution of the extant typhoid agents, providing particular help in elucidating the pathogenic determinants of the typhoid agents.	0
Abstract2class: Co-linearity and divergence of the A subgenome of Brassica juncea compared with other Brassica species carrying different A subgenomes Abstract: Background:                       There are three basic Brassica genomes (A, B, and C) and three parallel sets of subgenomes distinguished in the diploid Brassica (i.e.: B. rapa, A(r)A(r); B. nigra, B(ni)B(ni); B. oleracea, C(o)C(o)) and the derived allotetraploid species (i.e.: B. juncea, A(j)A(j)B(j)B(j); B. napus, A(n)A(n)C(n)C(n); B. carinata, B(c)B(c)C(c)C(c)). To understand subgenome differentiation in B. juncea in comparison to other A genome-carrying Brassica species (B. rapa and B. napus), we constructed a dense genetic linkage map of B. juncea, and conducted population genetic analysis on diverse lines of the three A-genome carrying Brassica species using a genotyping-by-sequencing approach (DArT-seq).                  Results:                       A dense genetic linkage map of B. juncea was constructed using an F2 population derived from Sichuan Yellow/Purple Mustard. The map included 3329 DArT-seq markers on 18 linkage groups and covered 1579 cM with an average density of two markers per cM. Based on this map and the alignment of the marker sequences with the physical genome of Arabidopsis thaliana, we observed strong co-linearity of the ancestral blocks among the different A subgenomes but also considerable block variation. Comparative analyses at the level of genome sequences of B. rapa and B. napus, and marker sequence anchored on the genetic map of B. juncea, revealed a total of 30 potential inversion events across large segments and 20 potential translocation events among the three A subgenomes. Population genetic analysis on 26 accessions of the three A genome-carrying Brassica species showed that the highest genetic distance were estimated when comparing A(j)-A(n) than between A(n)-A(r) and A(j)-A(r) subgenome pairs.                  Conclusions:                       The development of the dense genetic linkage map of B. juncea with informative DArT-seq marker sequences and availability of the reference sequences of the A(r), and A(n)C(n) genomes allowed us to compare the A subgenome structure of B. juncea (A(j)) . Our results suggest that strong co-linearity exists among the three A Brassica genomes (A(r), A(n) and A(j)) but with apparent subgenomic variation. Population genetic analysis on three A-genome carrying Brassica species support the idea that B. juncea has distinct genomic diversity, and/or evolved from a different A genome progenitor of B. napus.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptome profiling of wheat glumes in wild emmer, hulled landraces and modern cultivars Abstract: Background:                       Wheat domestication is considered as one of the most important events in the development of human civilization. Wheat spikelets have undergone significant changes during evolution under domestication, resulting in soft glumes and larger kernels that are released easily upon threshing. Our main goal was to explore changes in transcriptome expression in glumes that accompanied wheat evolution under domestication.                  Methods:                       A total of six tetraploid wheat accessions were selected for transcriptome profiling based on their rachis brittleness and glumes toughness. RNA pools from glumes of the central spikelet at heading time were used to construct cDNA libraries for sequencing. The trimmed reads from each library were separately aligned to the reference sub-genomes A and B, which were extracted from wheat survey sequence. Differentially expression analysis and functional annotation were performed between wild and domesticated wheat, to identity candidate genes associated with evolution under domestication. Selected candidate genes were validated using real time PCR.                  Results:                       Transcriptome profiles of wild emmer wheat, wheat landraces, and wheat cultivars were compared using next generation sequencing (RNA-seq). We have found a total of 194,893 transcripts, of which 73,150 were shared between wild, landraces, and cultivars. From 781 differentially expressed genes (DEGs), 336 were down-regulated and 445 were up-regulated in the domesticated compared to wild wheat genotypes. Gene Ontology (GO) annotation assigned 293 DEGs (37.5 %) to GO term groups, of which 134 (17.1 %) were down-regulated and 159 (20.4 %) up-regulated in the domesticated wheat. Some of the down-regulated DEGs in domesticated wheat are related to the biosynthetic pathways that eventually define the mechanical strength of the glumes, such as cell wall, lignin, pectin and wax biosynthesis. The reduction in gene expression of such genes, may explain the softness of the glumes in the domesticated forms. In addition, we have identified genes involved in nutrient remobilization that may affect grain size and other agronomic traits evolved under domestication.                  Conclusions:                       The comparison of RNA-seq profiles between glumes of wheat groups differing in glumes toughness and rachis brittleness revealed a few DEGs that may be involved in glumes toughness and nutrient remobilization. These genes may be involved in processes of wheat improvement under domestication.	0
Abstract2class: From root to fruit: RNA-Seq analysis shows that arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis may affect tomato fruit metabolism Abstract: Background:                       Tomato (Solanum lycopersicum) establishes a beneficial symbiosis with arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi. The formation of the mycorrhizal association in the roots leads to plant-wide modulation of gene expression. To understand the systemic effect of the fungal symbiosis on the tomato fruit, we used RNA-Seq to perform global transcriptome profiling on Moneymaker tomato fruits at the turning ripening stage.                  Results:                       Fruits were collected at 55 days after flowering, from plants colonized with Funneliformis mosseae and from control plants, which were fertilized to avoid responses related to nutrient deficiency. Transcriptome analysis identified 712 genes that are differentially expressed in fruits from mycorrhizal and control plants. Gene Ontology (GO) enrichment analysis of these genes showed 81 overrepresented functional GO classes. Up-regulated GO classes include photosynthesis, stress response, transport, amino acid synthesis and carbohydrate metabolism functions, suggesting a general impact of fungal symbiosis on primary metabolisms and, particularly, on mineral nutrition. Down-regulated GO classes include cell wall, metabolism and ethylene response pathways. Quantitative RT-PCR validated the RNA-Seq results for 12 genes out of 14 when tested at three fruit ripening stages, mature green, breaker and turning. Quantification of fruit nutraceutical and mineral contents produced values consistent with the expression changes observed by RNA-Seq analysis.                  Conclusions:                       This RNA-Seq profiling produced a novel data set that explores the intersection of mycorrhization and fruit development. We found that the fruits of mycorrhizal plants show two transcriptomic "signatures": genes characteristic of a climacteric fleshy fruit, and genes characteristic of mycorrhizal status, like phosphate and sulphate transporters. Moreover, mycorrhizal plants under low nutrient conditions produce fruits with a nutrient content similar to those from non-mycorrhizal plants under high nutrient conditions, indicating that AM fungi can help replace exogenous fertilizer for fruit crops.	0
Abstract2class: The Nocardia cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 genome shows ongoing adaptation of an environmental Actinobacteria to a pathogen's lifestyle Abstract: Background:                       Nocardia cyriacigeorgica is recognized as one of the most prevalent etiological agents of human nocardiosis. Human exposure to these Actinobacteria stems from direct contact with contaminated environmental matrices. The full genome sequence of N. cyriacigeorgica strain GUH-2 was studied to infer major trends in its evolution, including the acquisition of novel genetic elements that could explain its ability to thrive in multiple habitats.                  Results:                       N. cyriacigeorgica strain GUH-2 genome size is 6.19 Mb-long, 82.7% of its CDS have homologs in at least another actinobacterial genome, and 74.5% of these are found in N. farcinica. Among N. cyriacigeorgica specific CDS, some are likely implicated in niche specialization such as those involved in denitrification and RuBisCO production, and are found in regions of genomic plasticity (RGP). Overall, 22 RGP were identified in this genome, representing 11.4% of its content. Some of these RGP encode a recombinase and IS elements which are indicative of genomic instability. CDS playing part in virulence were identified in this genome such as those involved in mammalian cell entry or encoding a superoxide dismutase. CDS encoding non ribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) and polyketide synthases (PKS) were identified, with some being likely involved in the synthesis of siderophores and toxins. COG analyses showed this genome to have an organization similar to environmental Actinobacteria.                  Conclusion:                       N. cyriacigeorgica GUH-2 genome shows features suggesting a diversification from an ancestral saprophytic state. GUH-2 ability at acquiring foreign DNA was found significant and to have led to functional changes likely beneficial for its environmental cycle and opportunistic colonization of a human host.	0
Abstract2class: Photoluminescence quenching of dye molecules near a resonant silicon nanoparticle Abstract: Luminescent molecules attached to resonant colloidal particles are an important tool to study light-matter interaction. A traditional approach to enhance the photoluminescence intensity of the luminescent molecules in such conjugates is to incorporate spacer-coated plasmonic nanoantennas, where the spacer prevents intense non-radiative decay of the luminescent molecules. Here, we explore the capabilities of an alternative platform for photoluminescence enhancement, which is based on low-loss Mie-resonant colloidal silicon particles. We demonstrate that resonant silicon particles of spherical shape are more efficient for photoluminescence enhancement than their plasmonic counterparts in spacer-free configuration. Our theoretical calculations show that significant enhancement originates from larger quantum yields supported by silicon particles and their resonant features. Our results prove the potential of high-index dielectric particles for spacer-free enhancement of photoluminescence, which potentially could be a future platform for bioimaging and nanolasers.	0
Abstract2class: Retinal artery occlusion is associated with compositional and functional shifts in the gut microbiome and altered trimethylamine-N-oxide levels Abstract: Retinal artery occlusion (RAO) is a sight threatening complication of cardiovascular disease and commonly occurs due to underlying atherosclerosis. As cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis in particular has been associated with compositional alterations in the gut microbiome, we investigated this association in patients with clinically confirmed non-arteritic RAO compared to age- and sex-matched controls. On the phylum level, the relative abundance of Bacteroidetes was decreased in patients with RAO compared to controls, whereas the opposite applied for the phylum of Proteobacteria. Several genera and species such as Actinobacter, Bifidobacterium spp., Bacteroides stercoris, Faecalibacterium prausnitzii were relatively enriched in patients with RAO, whereas others such as Odoribacter, Parasutterella or Lachnospiraceae were significantly lower. Patient's gut microbiomes were enriched in genes of the cholesterol metabolism pathway. The gut derived, pro-atherogenic metabolite trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) was significantly higher in patients with RAO compared to controls (p = 0.023) and a negative correlation between relative abundances of genera Parasutterella and Lachnospiraceae and TMAO levels and a positive correlation between relative abundance of genus Akkermansia and TMAO levels was found in study subjects. Our findings proposes that RAO is associated with alterations in the gut microbiome and with elevated TMAO levels, suggesting that RAO could be targeted by microbiome-altering interventions.	0
Abstract2class: Generation of bioinspired structural colors via two-photon polymerization Abstract: Colors of crystals, pigments, metals, salt solutions and bioluminescence occur in nature due to the optical properties of electrons in atoms and molecules. However, colors can also result from interference effects on nanostructures. In contrast to artificial coloration, which are caused by well-defined regular structures, the structural colors of living organisms are often more intense and almost angle-independent. In this paper, we report the successful manufacturing of a lamellar nanostructure that mimics the ridge shape of the Morpho butterfly using a 3d-direct laser writing technique. The viewing angle dependency of the color was analyzed via a spectrometer and the structure was visualized using a scanning electron microscope. The generated nano- and micro-structures and their optical properties were comparable to those observed in the Morpho butterfly.	0
Abstract2class: Cretaceous origin of the unique prey-capture apparatus in mega-diverse genus: stem lineage of Steninae rove beetles discovered in Burmese amber Abstract: Stenus is the largest genus of rove beetles and the second largest among animals. Its evolutionary success was associated with the adhesive labial prey-capture apparatus, a unique apomorphy of that genus. Definite Stenus with prey-capture apparatus are known from the Cenozoic fossils, while the age and early evolution of Steninae was hardly ever hypothesized. Our study of several Cretaceous Burmese amber inclusions revealed a stem lineage of Steninae that possibly possesses the Stenus-like prey-capture apparatus. Phylogenetic analysis of extinct and extant taxa of Steninae and putatively allied subfamilies of Staphylinidae with parsimony and Bayesian approaches resolved the Burmese amber lineage as a member of Steninae. It justified the description of a new extinct stenine genus Festenus with two new species, F. robustus and F. gracilis. The Late Cretaceous age of Festenus suggests an early origin of prey-capture apparatus in Steninae that, perhaps, drove the evolution towards the crown Stenus. Our analysis confirmed the well-established sister relationships between Steninae and Euaesthetinae and resolved Scydmaeninae as their next closest relative, the latter having no stable position in recent phylogenetic studies of rove beetles. Close affiliation of Megalopsidiinae, a subfamily often considered as a sister group to Euaesthetinae + Steninae clade, is rejected.	0
Abstract2class: Variants of the 5'-terminal region of p53 mRNA influence the ribosomal scanning and translation efficiency Abstract: The p53 protein is one of the major cell cycle regulators. The protein is expressed as at least twelve protein isoforms resulting from the use of alternative promoters, alternative splicing or downstream initiation codons. Importantly, there is growing evidence that translation initiation of p53 mRNA may be regulated by the structure and length of the naturally occurring variants of the 5'-terminal region of p53 mRNA transcripts. Here, several mRNA constructs were synthesized with variable length of the p53 5'-terminal regions and encoding luciferase reporter protein, and their translation was monitored continuously in situ in a rabbit reticulocyte lysate system. Moreover, four additional mRNA constructs were prepared. In two constructs, the structural context of AUG1 initiation codon was altered while in the other two constructs, characteristic hairpin motifs present in the p53 5'-terminal region were changed. Translation of the last two constructs was also performed in the presence of the cap analogue to test the function of the 5'-terminal region in cap-independent translation initiation. Superposition of several structural factors connected with the length of the 5'-terminal region, stable elements of the secondary structure, structural environment of the initiation codon and IRES elements greatly influenced the ribosomal scanning and translation efficiency.	0
Abstract2class: Parametric instability of optical non-Hermitian systems near the exceptional point Abstract: In contrast to Hermitian systems, the modes of non-Hermitian systems are generally nonorthogonal. As a result, the power of the system signal depends not only on the mode amplitudes but also on the phase shift between them. In this work, we show that it is possible to increase the mode amplitudes without increasing the power of the signal. Moreover, we demonstrate that when the system is at the exceptional point, any infinitesimally small change in the system parameters increases the mode amplitudes. As a result, the system becomes unstable with respect to such perturbation. We show such instability by using the example of two coupled waveguides in which loss prevails over gain and all modes are decaying. This phenomenon enables compensation for losses in dissipative systems and opens a wide range of applications in optics, plasmonics, and optoelectronics, in which loss is an inevitable problem and plays a crucial role.	0
Abstract2class: The Northern Route for Human dispersal in Central and Northeast Asia: New evidence from the site of Tolbor-16, Mongolia Abstract: The fossil record suggests that at least two major human dispersals occurred across the Eurasian steppe during the Late Pleistocene. Neanderthals and Modern Humans moved eastward into Central Asia, a region intermittently occupied by the enigmatic Denisovans. Genetic data indicates that the Denisovans interbred with Neanderthals near the Altai Mountains (South Siberia) but where and when they met H. sapiens is yet to be determined. Here we present archaeological evidence that document the timing and environmental context of a third long-distance population movement in Central Asia, during a temperate climatic event around 45,000 years ago. The early occurrence of the Initial Upper Palaeolithic, a techno-complex whose sudden appearance coincides with the first occurrence of H. sapiens in the Eurasian steppes, establishes an essential archaeological link between the Siberian Altai and Northwestern China . Such connection between regions provides empirical ground to discuss contacts between local and exogenous populations in Central and Northeast Asia during the Late Pleistocene.	0
Abstract2class: Amplification, Decoherence, and the Acquisition of Information by Spin Environments Abstract: Quantum Darwinism recognizes the role of the environment as a communication channel: Decoherence can selectively amplify information about the pointer states of a system of interest (preventing access to complementary information about their superpositions) and can make records of this information accessible to many observers. This redundancy explains the emergence of objective, classical reality in our quantum Universe. Here, we demonstrate that the amplification of information in realistic spin environments can be quantified by the quantum Chernoff information, which characterizes the distinguishability of partial records in individual environment subsystems. We show that, except for a set of initial states of measure zero, the environment always acquires redundant information. Moreover, the Chernoff information captures the rich behavior of amplification in both finite and infinite spin environments, from quadratic growth of the redundancy to oscillatory behavior. These results will considerably simplify experimental testing of quantum Darwinism, e.g., using nitrogen vacancies in diamond.	0
Abstract2class: Rapid Purification of Human Bispecific Antibodies via Selective Modulation of Protein A Binding Abstract: Methods to rapidly generate high quality bispecific antibodies (BsAb) having normal half-lives are critical for therapeutic programs. Here, we identify 3 mutations (T307P, L309Q, and Q311R or "TLQ") in the Fc region of human IgG1 which disrupt interaction with protein A while enhancing interaction with FcRn. The mutations are shown to incrementally alter the pH at which a mAb elutes from protein A affinity resin. A BsAb comprised of a TLQ mutant and a wild-type IgG1 can be efficiently separated from contaminating parental mAbs by differential protein A elution starting from either a) purified parental mAbs, b) in-supernatant crossed parental mAbs, or c) co-transfected mAbs. We show that the Q311R mutation confers enhanced FcRn interaction in vitro, and Abs harboring either the Q311R or TLQ mutations have serum half-lives as long as wild-type human IgG1. The mutant Abs have normal thermal stability and Fcγ receptor interactions. Together, the results lead to a method for high-throughput generation of BsAbs suitable for in vivo studies.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanical Properties of Human Dura Mater in Tension - An Analysis at an Age Range of 2 to 94 Years Abstract: Realistic human head models are of great interest in traumatic brain injury research and in the forensic pathology courtroom and teaching. Due to a lack of biomechanical data, the human dura mater is underrepresented in head models. This study provides tensile data of 73 fresh human cranial dura mater samples retrieved from an area between the anterior middle and the posterior middle meningeal artery. Tissues were adapted to their native water content using the osmotic stress technique. Tensile tests were conducted under quasi-static uniaxial testing conditions with simultaneous digital image correlation. Human temporal dura mater is mechanically highly variable with regards to its elastic modulus of 70 ± 44 MPa, tensile strength of 7 ± 4 MPa, and maximum strain of 11 ± 3 percent. Mechanical properties of the dura mater did not vary significantly between side nor sex and decreased with the age of the cadaver. Both elastic modulus and tensile strength appear to have constant mechanical parameters within the first 139 hours post mortem. The mechanical properties provided by this study can help to improve computational and physical human head models. These properties under quasi-static conditions do not require adjustments for side nor sex, whereas adjustments of tensile properties accompanied with normal aging may be of interest.	0
Abstract2class: Cognitive requirements of cumulative culture: teaching is useful but not essential Abstract: The cumulative nature of human culture is unique in the animal kingdom. Progressive improvements in tools and technologies have facilitated humanity's spread across the globe and shaped human evolution, but the cognitive mechanisms enabling cultural change remain unclear. Here we show that, contrary to theoretical predictions, cumulative improvements in tools are not dependent on specialised, high-fidelity social learning mechanisms. Participants were tasked with building a basket to carry as much rice as possible using a set of everyday materials and divided into treatment groups with differing opportunities to learn asocially, imitate, receive teaching or emulate by examining baskets made by previous chain members. Teaching chains produced more robust baskets, but neither teaching nor imitation were strictly necessary for cumulative improvements; emulation chains generated equivalent increases in efficacy despite exhibiting relatively low copying fidelity. People used social information strategically, choosing different materials to make their baskets if the previous basket in the chain performed poorly. Together, these results suggest that cumulative culture does not rest on high-fidelity social learning mechanisms alone. Instead, the roots of human cultural prowess may lie in the interplay of strategic social learning with other cognitive traits including the ability to reverse engineer artefacts through causal reasoning.	0
Abstract2class: All-optical coherent population trapping with defect spin ensembles in silicon carbide Abstract: Divacancy defects in silicon carbide have long-lived electronic spin states and sharp optical transitions. Because of the various polytypes of SiC, hundreds of unique divacancies exist, many with spin properties comparable to the nitrogen-vacancy center in diamond. If ensembles of such spins can be all-optically manipulated, they make compelling candidate systems for quantum-enhanced memory, communication, and sensing applications. We report here direct all-optical addressing of basal plane-oriented divacancy spins in 4H-SiC. By means of magneto-spectroscopy, we fully identify the spin triplet structure of both the ground and the excited state, and use this for tuning of transition dipole moments between particular spin levels. We also identify a role for relaxation via intersystem crossing. Building on these results, we demonstrate coherent population trapping -a key effect for quantum state transfer between spins and photons- for divacancy sub-ensembles along particular crystal axes. These results, combined with the flexibility of SiC polytypes and device processing, put SiC at the forefront of quantum information science in the solid state.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic variation and linkage disequilibrium in Bacillus anthracis Abstract: We performed whole-genome amplification followed by hybridization of custom-designed resequencing arrays to resequence 303 kb of genomic sequence from a worldwide panel of 39 Bacillus anthracis strains. We used an efficient algorithm contained within a custom software program, UniqueMER, to identify and mask repetitive sequences on the resequencing array to reduce false-positive identification of genetic variation, which can arise from cross-hybridization. We discovered a total of 240 single nucleotide variants (SNVs) and showed that B. anthracis strains have an average of 2.25 differences per 10,000 bases in the region we resequenced. Common SNVs in this region are found to be in complete linkage disequilibrium. These patterns of variation suggest there has been little if any historical recombination among B. anthracis strains since the origin of the pathogen. This pattern of common genetic variation suggests a framework for recognizing new or genetically engineered strains.	0
Abstract2class: Breast cancer occurrence after low dose radiotherapy of non-malignant disorders of the shoulder Abstract: Stochastic long-term damages at relatively low doses have the potential for cancer induction. For the first time we investigated the occurrence of breast cancer in female patients after radiotherapy of non-malignant disorders of the shoulder and made a comparison with the estimated spontaneous incidence of mammary carcinoma for this cohort. In a geographically defined district with a population of approximately 100.000 inhabitants, comprehensive data of radiological diagnostics and radiotherapy were registered nearly completely for 41 years; data included mammography and radiotherapy of breast cancer patients as well as of non-malignant disorders. Within this population a collective of 158 women with radiotherapy of the shoulder was investigated. Radiotherapy was performed with cobalt-60 photons (Gammatron) with an average cumulative-dose of 6 Gy. The average follow-up time was 21.3 years. Patients were 55 years old (median) when radiotherapy of the shoulder was performed. Seven patients (4.4%) developed breast cancer after a median of 21 years. According to the incidence statistics, 9.4 +/- 1.8 (95%CI) cases (5.9%) would be expected. In regard to the irradiated shoulder neither the ipsilateral nor the contralateral breasts showed increased rates of breast cancer. An induction of additional breast cancer caused by radiation of non-malignant disorders of the shoulder wasn't detected in the investigated cohort.	0
Abstract2class: Significance of oxygen transport through aquaporins Abstract: Aquaporins are membrane integral proteins responsible for the transmembrane transport of water and other small neutral molecules. Despite their well-acknowledged importance in water transport, their significance in gas transport processes remains unclear. Growing evidence points to the involvement of plant aquaporins in CO2 delivery for photosynthesis. The role of these channel proteins in the transport of O2 and other gases may also be more important than previously envisioned. In this study, we examined O2 permeability of various human, plant, and fungal aquaporins by co-expressing heterologous aquaporin and myoglobin in yeast. Two of the most promising O2-transporters (Homo sapiens AQP1 and Nicotiana tabacum PIP1;3) were confirmed to facilitate O2 transport in the spectrophotometric assay using yeast protoplasts. The over-expression of NtPIP1;3 in yeasts significantly increased their O2 uptake rates in suspension culture. In N. tabacum roots subjected to hypoxic hydroponic conditions, the transcript levels of the O2-transporting aquaporin NtPIP1;3 significantly increased after the seven-day hypoxia treatment, which was accompanied by the increase of ATP levels in the apical root segments. Our results suggest that the functional significance of aquaporin-mediated O2 transport and the possibility of controlling the rate of transmembrane O2 transport should be further explored.	0
Abstract2class: Publisher Correction: Optimization of large animal MI models; a systematic analysis of control groups from preclinical studies Abstract: A correction to this article has been published and is linked from the HTML and PDF versions of this paper. The error has been fixed in the paper.	0
Abstract2class: Optimization of large animal MI models; a systematic analysis of control groups from preclinical studies Abstract: Large animal models are essential for the development of novel therapeutics for myocardial infarction. To optimize translation, we need to assess the effect of experimental design on disease outcome and model experimental design to resemble the clinical course of MI. The aim of this study is therefore to systematically investigate how experimental decisions affect outcome measurements in large animal MI models. We used control animal-data from two independent meta-analyses of large animal MI models. All variables of interest were pre-defined. We performed univariable and multivariable meta-regression to analyze whether these variables influenced infarct size and ejection fraction. Our analyses incorporated 246 relevant studies. Multivariable meta-regression revealed that infarct size and cardiac function were influenced independently by choice of species, sex, co-medication, occlusion type, occluded vessel, quantification method, ischemia duration and follow-up duration. We provide strong systematic evidence that commonly used endpoints significantly depend on study design and biological variation. This makes direct comparison of different study-results difficult and calls for standardized models. Researchers should take this into account when designing large animal studies to most closely mimic the clinical course of MI and enable translational success.	0
Abstract2class: Hybrid architecture for encoded measurement-based quantum computation Abstract: We present a hybrid scheme for quantum computation that combines the modular structure of elementary building blocks used in the circuit model with the advantages of a measurement-based approach to quantum computation. We show how to construct optimal resource states of minimal size to implement elementary building blocks for encoded quantum computation in a measurement-based way, including states for error correction and encoded gates. The performance of the scheme is determined by the quality of the resource states, where within the considered error model a threshold of the order of 10% local noise per particle for fault-tolerant quantum computation and quantum communication.	0
Abstract2class: The role of irradiance and C-use strategies in tropical macroalgae photosynthetic response to ocean acidification Abstract: Fleshy macroalgae may increase photosynthesis with greater CO2 availability under ocean acidification (OA) and outcompete calcifying macroalgae important for tropical reef accretion. Macroalgae use energy-dependent carbon concentrating mechanisms (CCMs) to take up HCO3-, the dominant inorganic carbon for marine photosynthesis, but carbon-use strategies may depend on the pCO2, pH and irradiance. We examined photosynthesis in eight tropical macroalgae across a range of irradiances (0-1200 μmol photon m-2 s-1), pH levels (7.5-8.5) and CO2 concentrations (3-43 μmol kg-1). Species-specific CCM strategies were assessed using inhibitors and δ13C isotope signatures. Our results indicate that the log of irradiance is a predictor of the photosynthetic response to elevated pCO2 (R2 > 0.95). All species utilized HCO3-, exhibited diverse C-use pathways and demonstrated facultative HCO3- use. All fleshy species had positive photosynthetic responses to OA, in contrast to a split amongst calcifiers. We suggest that shifts in photosynthetically-driven tropical macroalgal changes due to OA will most likely occur in moderate to high-irradiance environments when CCMs are ineffective at meeting the C-demands of photosynthesis. Further, facultative use of HCO3- allows greater access to CO2 for photosynthesis under OA conditions, particularly amongst fleshy macroalgae, which could contribute to enhance fleshy species dominance over calcifiers.	0
Abstract2class: "FlashMap" - A Semi-Automatic Tool for Rapid and Accurate Spatial Analysis of Marker Expression in the Subventricular Zone Abstract: The subventricular zone (SVZ) is a region of ongoing postnatal germinal activity that shows complex spatial heterogeneity. For instance, different SVZ microdomains contain neural stem cells that express distinct transcription factors and generate different glial and neuronal progenies. These unique characteristics call for the development of new methods to integrate a spatial dimension to histological analyses performed in this germinal region. We developed "FlashMap", a semi-automatic software that allows the segmentation and rapid measurement of optical densities throughout the full SVZ coordinates. "FlashMap" generates easily readable two-dimensional heatmaps that can be superimposed onto three-dimensional reconstructions of the ventricular system for optimal spatial exploration. Accurate heatmaps can be obtained, even following serial section subsampling thereby reducing the amount of tissue and time required for histological analysis. We first illustrate the potential of "FlashMap" by spatially exploring the correlation of SVZ thickness and cellular density with germinal activity throughout its rostro-caudal coordinates. We then used "FlashMap" to analyse the spatial expression of the transcription factors Dlx2, Tbr2 and Hopx as well as of the immature neuronal marker Dcx, to demonstrate the suitability of this approach to explore the regional production of cells of distinct lineages by defined SVZ microdomains.	0
Abstract2class: Bacterial MbtH-like Proteins Stimulate Nonribosomal Peptide Synthetase-Derived Secondary Metabolism in Filamentous Fungi Abstract: Filamentous fungi are known producers of bioactive natural products, low molecular weight molecules that arise from secondary metabolism. MbtH-like proteins (MLPs) are small (∼10 kDa) proteins, which associate noncovalently with adenylation domains of some bacterial nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS). MLPs promote the folding, stability, and activity of NRPS enzymes. MLPs are highly conserved among a wide range of bacteria; however, they are absent from all fungal species sequenced to date. We analyzed the interaction potential of bacterial MLPs with eukaryotic NRPS enzymes first using crystal structures, with results suggesting a conservation of the interaction surface. Subsequently, we transformed five MLPs into Penicillium chrysogenum strains and analyzed changes in NRPS-derived metabolite profiles. Three of the five transformed MLPs increased the rate of nonribosomal peptide formation and elevated the concentrations of intermediate and final products of the penicillin, roquefortine, chrysogine, and fungisporin biosynthetic pathways. Our results suggest that even though MLPs are not found in the fungal domain of life, they can be used in fungal hosts as a tool for natural product discovery and biotechnological production.	0
Abstract2class: Engineered l-Lactate Responding Promoter System Operating in Glucose-Rich and Anoxic Environments Abstract: Bacteria equipped with genetically encoded lactate biosensors are promising tools for biopharmaceutical production, diagnostics, and cellular therapies. However, many applications involve glucose-rich and anoxic environments, in which current whole-cell lactate biosensors show low performance. Here we engineer an optimized, synthetic lactate biosensor system by repurposing the natural LldPRD promoter regulated by the LldR transcriptional regulator. We removed glucose catabolite and anoxic repression by designing a hybrid promoter, containing LldR operators and tuned both regulator and reporter gene expressions to optimize biosensor signal-to-noise ratio. The resulting lactate biosensor, termed ALPaGA (A Lactate Promoter Operating in Glucose and Anoxia), can operate in glucose-rich, aerobic and anoxic conditions. We show that ALPaGA works reliably in the probiotic chassisEscherichia coliNissle 1917 and can detect endogenous l-lactate produced by 3D tumor spheroids with an improved dynamic range. In the future, the ALPaGA system could be used to monitor bioproduction processes and improve the specificity of engineered bacterial cancer therapies by restricting their activity to the lactate-rich microenvironment of solid tumors.	0
Abstract2class: Exploring the Tunability and Dynamic Properties of MarR-PmarO Sensor System in Escherichia coli Abstract: Transcriptional factor-based biosensors (TFBs) have been widely used in dynamic pathway control or high-throughput screening. Here, we systematically explored the tunability of a salicylic acid responsive regulator MarR from Escherichia coli aiming to explore its engineering potential. The effect of endogenous MarR in E. coli on the MarR-PmarO biosensor system was investigated. Furthermore, to investigate the function of marO binding boxes in this biosensor system, a series of hybrid promoters were constructed by placing the marO binding boxes in the strong constitutive pL promoter. The engineered hybrid promoters became responsive to MarR and salicylic acid. To further study the influence of each nucleotide in the marO box on MarR binding, we employed dynamic modeling to simulate the interaction and binding energy between each nucleotide in the marO boxes with the corresponding residues on MarR. Guided by the results of the simulation, we introduced mutations to key positions on the hybrid promoters and investigated corresponding dynamic performance. Two promoter variants I12AII4T and I12AII14T that exhibited improved responsive strengths and shifted dynamic ranges were obtained, which can be beneficial for future metabolic engineering research.	0
Abstract2class: Predicting Transcriptional Output of Synthetic Multi-input Promoters Abstract: Recent advances in synthetic biology have led to a wealth of well-characterized genetic parts. As parts libraries grow, so too does the potential to create novel multi-input promoters that integrate disparate signals to determine transcriptional output. Our ability to construct such promoters will outpace our ability to characterize promoter performance, due to the vast number of input combinations. In this study, we examine the input-output relations of recently developed synthetic multi-input promoters and describe two methods for predicting their behavior. The first method uses 1-dimensional induction data obtained from experiments on single-input systems to predict the n-dimensional induction responses of systems with n inputs. We demonstrate that this approach accurately predicts Boolean (on/off) responses of multi-input systems consisting of novel chimeric transcription factors and hybrid promoters in Escherichia coli. The second method uses only a small amount of multi-input response data to accurately predict analog system response over the entire landscape of input combinations. Taken together, these methods facilitate the design of synthetic circuits that utilize multi-input promoters.	0
Abstract2class: Biosynthesis of Diverse Type II Polyketide Core Structures in Streptomyces coelicolor M1152 Abstract: Synthetic biology-based approaches have been employed to generate advanced natural product (NP) pathway intermediates to overcome obstacles in NP drug discovery and production. Type II polyketides (PK-IIs) comprise a major subclass of NPs that provide attractive structures for antimicrobial and anticancer drug development. Herein, we have assembled five biosynthetic pathways using a generalized operon design strategy in Streptomyces coelicolor M1152 to allow comparative analysis of metabolite production in an improved heterologous host. The work resulted in production of four distinct PK-II core structures, namely benzoisochromanequinone, angucycline, tetracenomycin, and pentangular compounds, which serve as precursors to diverse pharmaceutically important NPs. Our bottom-up design strategy provided evidence that the biosynthetic pathway of BE-7585A proceeds via an angucycline core structure, instead of rearrangement of an anthracycline aglycone, and led to the discovery of a novel 26-carbon pentangular polyketide. The synthetic biology platform presented here provides an opportunity for further controlled production of diverse PK-IIs in a heterologous host.	0
Abstract2class: Automated Continuous Evolution of Proteins in Vivo Abstract: We present automated continuous evolution (ACE), a platform for the hands-free directed evolution of biomolecules. ACE pairs OrthoRep, a genetic system for continuous targeted mutagenesis of user-selected genes in vivo, with eVOLVER, a scalable and automated continuous culture device for precise, multiparameter regulation of growth conditions. By implementing real-time feedback-controlled tuning of selection stringency with eVOLVER, genes of interest encoded on OrthoRep autonomously traversed multimutation adaptive pathways to reach desired functions, including drug resistance and improved enzyme activity. The durability, scalability, and speed of biomolecular evolution with ACE should be broadly applicable to protein engineering as well as prospective studies on how selection parameters and schedules shape adaptation.	0
Abstract2class: Tunable Expression Systems for Orthogonal DNA Replication Abstract: We recently developed an orthogonal DNA replication (OrthoRep) system capable of driving the rapid continuous evolution of genes in vivo. However, OrthoRep uses a special transcription system, the components of which (e.g., promoters) have previously limited the strength with which OrthoRep-encoded genes can be expressed. Here, we report a collection of synthetic and evolved OrthoRep expression parts that allow OrthoRep-encoded genes to span expression levels matching those of endogenous Saccharomyces cerevisiae genes. Specifically, we found that various promoter mutations as well as a genetically encoded poly(A) tail enable us to tune the expression level of OrthoRep-encoded genes over a large range and up to levels 43-fold higher than were previously attained, reaching at least ∼40% of the strength of the genomic TDH3 promoter. We further show that expression level gains using our new parts are stable over passaging and consistent across multiple genes and OrthoRep systems of different mutation rates. This new set of expression parts further expands OrthoRep's applicability to the continuous in vivo evolution of proteins and pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Direct Comparison of d-DNA and l-DNA Strand-Displacement Reactions in Living Mammalian Cells Abstract: To overcome technical challenges associated with the use of DNA strand-displacement circuits in vivo, including degradation by cellular nucleases, researchers are increasingly turning to bio-orthogonal l-DNA. Although enhanced stability and improved performance of l-DNA-based circuits within living cells are often implied, direct experimental evidence has not been provided. Herein, we directly compare the functional stability and kinetics of d-DNA and l-DNA strand-displacement in live cells for the first time. We show that l-DNA strand-displacement reaction systems have minimal "leak", fast reaction kinetics, and prolonged stability inside living cells as compared to conventional d-DNA. Furthermore, using "heterochiral" strand-displacement, we demonstrate that biostable l-DNA reaction components can be easily interfaced with native DNA inside cells. Overall, our results strongly support the broader adoption of l-DNA in the field of DNA molecular circuitry, especially for in vivo applications.	0
Abstract2class: Modular and Single-Cell Sensors of Bacterial Ser/Thr Kinase Activity Abstract: At the single-cell level, protein kinase activity is typically inferred from downstream transcriptional reporters. However, promoters are often coregulated by several pathways, making the activity of a specific kinase difficult to deconvolve. Here, we present modular, direct, and specific sensors of bacterial kinase activity, including FRET-based sensors, as well as a synthetic transcription factor based on the lactose repressor (LacI) that has been engineered to respond to phosphorylation. We demonstrate the utility of these sensors in measuring the activity of PrkC, a conserved bacterial Ser/Thr kinase, in different growth conditions from single cells to colonies. We also show that PrkC activity increases in response to a cell-wall active antibiotic that blocks the late steps in peptidoglycan synthesis (cefotaxime), but not the early steps (fosfomycin). These sensors have a modular design that should generalize to other bacterial signaling systems in the future.	0
Abstract2class: Semisynthetic Macrocyclic Lipo-lanthipeptides Display Antimicrobial Activity Against Bacterial Pathogens Abstract: A large number of antimicrobial peptides depend on intramolecular disulfide bonds for their biological activity. However, the relative instability of disulfide bonds has limited the potential of some of these peptides to be developed into therapeutics. Conversely, peptides containing intramolecular (methyl)lanthionine-based bonds, lanthipeptides, are highly stable under a broader range of biological and physical conditions. Here, the class-II lanthipeptide synthetase CinM, from the cinnamycin gene cluster, was employed to create methyllanthionine stabilized analogues of disulfide-bond-containing antimicrobial peptides. The resulting analogues were subsequently modified in vitro by adding lipid tails of variable lengths through chemical addition. Finally, the created compounds were characterized by MIC tests against several relevant pathogens, killing assays, membrane permeability assays, and hemolysis assays. It was found that CinM could successfully install methyllanthionine bonds at the intended positions of the analogues and that the lipidated macrocyclic core peptides have bactericidal activity against tested Gram-positive and Gram-negative pathogenic bacteria. Additionally, fluorescence microscopy assays revealed that the lipidated compounds disrupt the bacterial membrane and lyse bacterial cells, hinting toward a potential mode of action. Notably, the semisynthesized macrocyclic lipo-lanthipeptides show low hemolytic activity. These results show that the methods developed here extend the toolbox for novel antimicrobial development and might enable the further development of novel compounds with killing activity against relevant pathogenic bacteria.	0
Abstract2class: Nisin- and Ripcin-Derived Hybrid Lanthipeptides Display Selective Antimicrobial Activity against Staphylococcus aureus Abstract: Lanthipeptides are (methyl)lanthionine ring-containing ribosomally synthesized and post-translationally modified peptides (RiPPs). Many lanthipeptides show strong antimicrobial activity against bacterial pathogens, including antibiotic-resistant bacterial pathogens. The group of disulfide-bond-containing antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) is well-known in nature and forms a rich source of templates for the production of novel peptides with corresponding (methyl)lanthionine analogues instead of disulfides. Here, we show that novel macrocyclic lanthipeptides (termed thanacin and ripcin) can be synthesized using the known antimicrobials thanatin and rip-thanatin as templates. Notably, the synthesized nisin(1-20)-ripcin hybrid lanthipeptides (ripcin B-G) showed selective antimicrobial activity against S. aureus, including an antibiotic-resistant MRSA strain. Interestingly, ripcin B-G, which are hybrid peptides of nisin(1-20) and ripcin that are each inactive against Gram-negative pathogens, showed substantial antimicrobial activity against the tested Gram-negative pathogens. Moreover, ripcin B-G was highly resistant against the nisin resistance protein (NSR; a peptidase that removes the C-terminal 6 amino acids of nisin and strongly reduces its antimicrobial activity), opposed to nisin itself. This study provides an example of converting disulfide-bond-based AMPs into (methyl)lanthionine-based macrocyclic hybrid lanthipeptides and can yield antimicrobial peptides with selective antimicrobial activity against S. aureus.	0
Abstract2class: High-Throughput Screening for Substrate Specificity-Adapted Mutants of the Nisin Dehydratase NisB Abstract: Microbial lanthipeptides are formed by a two-step enzymatic introduction of (methyl)lanthionine rings. A dehydratase catalyzes the dehydration of serine and threonine residues, yielding dehydroalanine and dehydrobutyrine, respectively. Cyclase-catalyzed coupling of the formed dehydroresidues to cysteines forms (methyl)lanthionine rings in a peptide. Lanthipeptide biosynthetic systems allow discovery of target-specific, lanthionine-stabilized therapeutic peptides. However, the substrate specificity of existing modification enzymes impose limitations on installing lanthionines in non-natural substrates. The goal of the present study was to obtain a lanthipeptide dehydratase with the capacity to dehydrate substrates that are unsuitable for the nisin dehydratase NisB. We report high-throughput screening for tailored specificity of intracellular, genetically encoded NisB dehydratases. The principle is based on the screening of bacterially displayed lanthionine-constrained streptavidin ligands, which have a much higher affinity for streptavidin than linear ligands. The designed NisC-cyclizable high-affinity ligands can be formed via mutant NisB-catalyzed dehydration but less effectively via wild-type NisB activity. In Lactococcus lactis, a cell surface display precursor was designed comprising DSHPQFC. The Asp residue preceding the serine in this sequence disfavors its dehydration by wild-type NisB. The cell surface display vector was coexpressed with a mutant NisB library and NisTC. Subsequently, mutant NisB-containing bacteria that display cyclized strep ligands on the cell surface were selected via panning rounds with streptavidin-coupled magnetic beads. In this way, a NisB variant with a tailored capacity of dehydration was obtained, which was further evaluated with respect to its capacity to dehydrate nisin mutants. These results demonstrate a powerful method for selecting lanthipeptide modification enzymes with adapted substrate specificity.	0
Abstract2class: Optogenetic Amplification Circuits for Light-Induced Metabolic Control Abstract: Dynamic control of microbial metabolism is an effective strategy to improve chemical production in fermentations. While dynamic control is most often implemented using chemical inducers, optogenetics offers an attractive alternative due to the high tunability and reversibility afforded by light. However, a major concern of applying optogenetics in metabolic engineering is the risk of insufficient light penetration at high cell densities, especially in large bioreactors. Here, we present a new series of optogenetic circuits we call OptoAMP, which amplify the transcriptional response to blue light by as much as 23-fold compared to the basal circuit (OptoEXP). These circuits show as much as a 41-fold induction between dark and light conditions, efficient activation at light duty cycles as low as ∼1%, and strong homogeneous light-induction in bioreactors of at least 5 L, with limited illumination at cell densities above 40 OD600. We demonstrate the ability of OptoAMP circuits to control engineered metabolic pathways in novel three-phase fermentations using different light schedules to control enzyme expression and improve production of lactic acid, isobutanol, and naringenin. These circuits expand the applicability of optogenetics to metabolic engineering.	0
Abstract2class: Efficient and Reproducible Multigene Expression after Single-Step Transfection Using Improved BAC Transgenesis and Engineering Toolkit Abstract: Achieving stable expression of a single transgene in mammalian cells remains challenging; even more challenging is obtaining simultaneous stable expression of multiple transgenes at reproducible, relative expression levels. Previously, we attained copy-number-dependent, chromosome-position-independent expression of reporter minigenes by embedding them within a BAC "scaffold" containing the mouse Msh3-Dhfr locus (DHFR BAC). Here, we extend this "BAC TG-EMBED" approach. First, we report a toolkit of endogenous promoters capable of driving transgene expression over a 0.01- to 5-fold expression range relative to the CMV promoter, allowing fine-tuning of relative expression levels of multiple reporter genes. Second, we demonstrate little variation in expression level and long-term expression stability of a reporter gene embedded in BACs containing either transcriptionally active or inactive genomic regions, making the choice of BAC scaffolds more flexible. Third, we present a novel BAC assembly scheme, "BAC-MAGIC", for inserting multiple transgenes into BAC scaffolds, which is much more time-efficient than traditional galK-based methods. As a proof-of-principle for our improved BAC TG-EMBED toolkit, we simultaneously fluorescently labeled three nuclear compartments at reproducible, relative intensity levels in 94% of stable clones after a single transfection using a DHFR BAC scaffold containing 4 transgenes assembled with BAC-MAGIC. Our extended BAC TG-EMBED toolkit and BAC-MAGIC method provide an efficient, versatile platform for stable simultaneous expression of multiple transgenes at reproducible, relative levels.	0
Abstract2class: Point-of-Care Analyte Quantification and Digital Readout via Lysate-Based Cell-Free Biosensors Interfaced with Personal Glucose Monitors Abstract: Field-deployable diagnostics based on cell-free systems have advanced greatly, but on-site quantification of target analytes remains a challenge. Here we demonstrate that Escherichia coli lysate-based cell-free biosensors coupled to a personal glucose monitor (PGM) can enable on-site analyte quantification, with the potential for straightforward reconfigurability to diverse types of analytes. We show that analyte-responsive regulators of transcription and translation can modulate the production of the reporter enzyme β-galactosidase, which in turn converts lactose into glucose for PGM quantification. Because glycolysis is active in the lysate and would readily deplete converted glucose, we decoupled enzyme production and glucose conversion to increase the end point signal output. However, this lysate metabolism did allow for one-pot removal of glucose present in complex samples (like human serum) without confounding target quantification. Taken together, our results show that integrating lysate-based cell-free biosensors with PGMs enables accessible target detection and quantification at the point of need.	0
Abstract2class: Recombinant Protein Stability in Cyanobacteria Abstract: The living cell possesses extraordinary molecular and biochemical mechanisms by which to recognize and efficiently remove foreign, damaged, or denatured proteins. This essential function has been a barrier to the overexpression of recombinant proteins in most expression systems. A notable exception is the overexpression in E. coli of recombinant proteins, most of which, however, end-up as "inclusion bodies", i.e., cytoplasmic aggregates of proteins that are inaccessible to the cell's proteasome. "Fusion constructs as protein overexpression vectors" proved to be unparalleled in their ability to cause substantial accumulation of recombinant proteins from plants, animals, and bacteria, as soluble proteins in unicellular cyanobacteria. Recombinant protein levels in the range of 10-20% of the total cellular protein can be achieved. The present work investigated this unique property in the context of recombinant protein stability in Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 by developing and applying an in vivo cellular tobacco etch virus cleavage system with the objective of separating the target heterologous proteins from their fusion leader sequences. The work provides new insights about the overexpression, cellular stability, and exploitation of transgenes with commercial interest, highly expressed in a cyanobacterial biofactory. The results support the notion that eukaryotic plant- and animal-origin recombinant proteins are unstable, when free in the cyanobacterial cytosol but stable when in a fusion configuration with a highly expressed cyanobacterial native or heterologous protein. Included in this analysis are recombinant proteins of the plant isoprenoid biosynthetic pathway (isoprene synthase, β-phellandrene synthase, geranyl diphosphate synthase), the human interferon protein, as well as prokaryotic proteins (tetanus toxin fragment C and the antibiotic resistance genes kanamycin and chloramphenicol). The future success of synthetic biology approaches with cyanobacteria and other systems would require overexpression of pathway enzymes to attain product volume, and the work reported in this paper sets the foundation for such recombinant pathway enzyme overexpression.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a High-Throughput, In Vivo Selection Platform for NADPH-Dependent Reactions Based on Redox Balance Principles Abstract: Bacteria undergoing anaerobic fermentation must maintain redox balance. In vivo metabolic evolution schemes based on this principle have been limited to targeting NADH-dependent reactions. Here, we developed a facile, specific, and high-throughput growth-based selection platform for NADPH-consuming reactions in vivo, based on an engineered NADPH-producing glycolytic pathway in Escherichia coli. We used the selection system in the directed evolution of a NADH-dependent d-lactate dehydrogenase from Lactobacillus delbrueckii toward utilization of NADPH. Through one round of selection, we obtained multiple enzyme variants with superior NADPH-dependent activities and protein expression levels; these mutants may serve as important tools in biomanufacturing d-lactate as a renewable polymer building block. Importantly, sequence analysis and computational protein modeling revealed that diverging evolutionary paths during the selection resulted in two distinct cofactor binding modes, which suggests that the high throughput of our selection system allowed deep searching of protein sequence space to discover diverse candidates en masse.	0
Abstract2class: Application of an Acyl-CoA Ligase from Streptomyces aizunensis for Lactam Biosynthesis Abstract: ε-Caprolactam and δ-valerolactam are important commodity chemicals used in the manufacture of nylons, with millions of tons produced annually. Biological production of these highly valued chemicals has been limited due to a lack of enzymes that cyclize ω-amino fatty acid precursors to corresponding lactams under ambient conditions. In this study, we demonstrated production of these chemicals using ORF26, an acyl-CoA ligase involved in the biosynthesis of ECO-02301 in Streptomyces aizunensis. This enzyme has a broad substrate spectrum and can cyclize 4-aminobutyric acid into γ-butyrolactam, 5-aminovaleric acid into δ-valerolactam and 6-aminocaproic acid into ε-caprolactam. Recombinant E. coli expressing ORF26 produced valerolactam and caprolactam when 5-aminovaleric acid and 6-aminocaproic acid were added to the culture medium. Upon coexpressing ORF26 with a metabolic pathway that produced 5-aminovaleric acid from lysine, we were able to demonstrate production of δ-valerolactam from lysine.	0
Abstract2class: Development of a Transcription Factor-Based Lactam Biosensor Abstract: Lactams are an important class of commodity chemicals used in the manufacture of nylons, with millions of tons produced every year. Biological production of lactams could be greatly improved by high-throughput sensors for lactam biosynthesis. To identify biosensors of lactams, we applied a chemoinformatic approach inspired by small molecule drug discovery. We define this approach as analogue generation toward catabolizable chemicals or AGTC. We discovered a lactam biosensor based on the ChnR/Pb transcription factor-promoter pair. The microbial biosensor is capable of sensing ε-caprolactam, δ-valerolactam, and butyrolactam in a dose-dependent manner. The biosensor has sufficient specificity to discriminate against lactam biosynthetic intermediates and therefore could potentially be applied for high-throughput metabolic engineering for industrially important high titer lactam biosynthesis.	0
Abstract2class: Profilin's Affinity for Formin Regulates the Availability of Filament Ends for Actin Monomer Binding Abstract: Nucleation-promoting proteins tightly regulate actin polymerization in cells. Whereas many of these proteins bind actin monomers directly, formins use the actin-binding protein profilin to dynamically load actin monomers onto their flexible Formin Homology 1 (FH1) domains. Following binding, FH1 domains deliver profilin-actin complexes to filament ends. To investigate profilin's role as an adaptor protein in formin-mediated elongation, we engineered a chimeric formin that binds actin monomers directly via covalent attachment of profilin to its binding site in the formin. This formin mediates slow filament elongation owing to a high probability of profilin binding at filament ends. Varying the position at which profilin is tethered to the formin alters the elongation rate by modulating profilin occupancy at the filament end. By regulating the availability of the barbed end, we propose that profilin binding establishes a secondary point of control over the rate of filament elongation mediated by formins. Profilin's differential affinities for actin monomers, barbed ends and polyproline are thus tuned to adaptively bridge actin and formins and optimize the rate of actin polymerization.	0
Abstract2class: Insights into cleavage specificity from the crystal structure of foot-and-mouth disease virus 3C protease complexed with a peptide substrate Abstract: Picornavirus replication is critically dependent on the correct processing of a polyprotein precursor by 3C protease(s) (3C(pro)) at multiple specific sites with related but non-identical sequences. To investigate the structural basis of its cleavage specificity, we performed the first crystallographic structural analysis of non-covalent complexes of a picornavirus 3C(pro) with peptide substrates. The X-ray crystal structure of the foot-and-mouth disease virus 3C(pro), mutated to replace the catalytic Cys by Ala and bound to a peptide (APAKQ|LLNFD) corresponding to the P5-P5' region of the VP1-2A cleavage junction in the viral polyprotein, was determined up to 2.5 A resolution. Comparison with free enzyme reveals significant conformational changes in 3C(pro) on substrate binding that lead to the formation of an extended interface of contact primarily involving the P4-P2' positions of the peptide. Strikingly, the deep S1' specificity pocket needed to accommodate P1'-Leu only forms when the peptide binds. Substrate specificity was investigated using peptide cleavage assays to show the impact of amino acid substitutions within the P5-P4' region of synthetic substrates. The structure of the enzyme-peptide complex explains the marked substrate preferences for particular P4, P2 and P1 residue types, as well as the relative promiscuity at P3 and on the P' side of the scissile bond. Furthermore, crystallographic analysis of the complex with a modified VP1-2A peptide (APAKE|LLNFD) containing a Gln-to-Glu substitution reveals an identical mode of peptide binding and explains the ability of foot-and-mouth disease virus 3C(pro) to cleave sequences containing either P1-Gln or P1-Glu. Structure-based mutagenesis was used to probe interactions within the S1' specificity pocket and to provide direct evidence of the important contribution made by Asp84 of the Cys-His-Asp catalytic triad to proteolytic activity. Our results provide a new level of detail in our understanding of the structural basis of polyprotein cleavage by 3C(pro).	0
Abstract2class: Crystallographic analysis of human serum albumin complexed with 4Z,15E-bilirubin-IXalpha Abstract: Bilirubin, an insoluble yellow-orange pigment derived from heme catabolism, accumulates to toxic levels in individuals with impaired or immature liver function. The resulting jaundice may be managed with phototherapy to isomerize the biosynthetic 4Z,15Z-bilirubin-IXalpha to more soluble and excretable isomers, such as 4Z,15E-bilirubin. Bilirubin and its configurational isomers are transported to the liver by human serum albumin (HSA) but their precise binding location(s) on the protein have yet to be determined. To investigate the molecular details of their interaction, we co-crystallised bilirubin with HSA. Strikingly, the crystal structure--determined to 2.42 A resolution--revealed the 4Z,15E-bilirubin-IXalpha isomer bound to an L-shaped pocket in sub-domain IB. We also determined the co-crystal structure of HSA complexed with fusidic acid, an antibiotic that competitively displaces bilirubin from the protein, and showed that it binds to the same pocket. These results provide the first crystal structure of a natural bilirubin pigment bound to serum albumin, challenge some of the present conceptions about HSA-bilirubin interactions, and provide a sound structural framework for finally resolving the long-standing question of where 4Z,15Z-bilirubin-IXalpha binds to the protein.	0
Abstract2class: The TβR-I pre-helix extension is structurally ordered in the unbound form and its flanking prolines are essential for binding Abstract: Transforming growth factor β isoforms (TGF-β) are among the most recently evolved members of a signaling superfamily with more than 30 members. TGF-β play vital roles in regulating cellular growth and differentiation, and they signal through a highly restricted subset of receptors known as TGF-β type I receptor (TβR-I) and TGF-β type II receptor (TβR-II). TGF-β's specificity for TβR-I has been proposed to arise from its pre-helix extension, a five-residue loop that binds in the cleft between TGF-β and TβR-II. The structure and backbone dynamics of the unbound form of the TβR-I extracellular domain were determined using NMR to investigate the extension's role in binding. This showed that the unbound form is highly similar to the bound form in terms of both the β-strand framework that defines the three-finger toxin fold and the extension and its characteristic cis-Ile54-Pro55 peptide bond. The NMR data further showed that the extension and two flanking 3(10) helices are rigid on the nanosecond-to-picosecond timescale. The functional significance of several residues within the extension was investigated by binding studies and reporter gene assays in cultured epithelial cells. These demonstrated that the pre-helix extension is essential for binding, with Pro55 and Pro59 each playing a major role. These findings suggest that the pre-helix extension and its flanking prolines evolved to endow the TGF-β signaling complex with its unique specificity, departing from the ancestral promiscuity of the bone morphogenetic protein subfamily, where the binding interface of the type I receptor is highly flexible.	0
Abstract2class: Mitochondrial D-loop sequences are integrated in the rat nuclear genome Abstract: We have cloned two fragments of rat nuclear DNA (nucDNA), 3.3 x 10(3) nucleotide-pairs (knp) and 9.1 knp, that contain a 0.5 knp section sharing 80% sequence identity with the mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) heavy strand origin of replication (D-loop) nascent strand and 88% identity with each other. The light and heavy strand promoters of the D-loop region are not present in either clone, thus they likely do not function as replication origins in the nuclear genome. The nucDNA sequences surrounding the mtDNA-like sequences are not mitochondrial, thus the mtDNA-like sequences are demonstrably covalently linked in the nuclear genome. Indeed, the surrounding nuclear sequences of each clone also share 88% identity. This sequence arrangement strongly suggests an initial insertion of mtDNA into nucDNA with subsequent amplification of an encompassing region of nucDNA. Divergence calculations suggest that the mtDNA insertion occurred around 13.6 million years ago (MYA) with the subsequent separation occurring around 6.5 MYA. The mtDNA-like sequences of the nuclear clones hybridize strongly to a number of different BamHI-PstI restriction fragments, suggesting either repeated integration and/or frequent mutational events producing new restriction enzyme sites. It is not yet known if one or more of the uncloned D-loop-like sequences are associated with promoters, which would suggest possible function. The 3.3 knp nucDNA fragment is present in low copy number. In contrast, the 9.1 knp nucDNA fragment appears to be moderately repeated. The elements do not appear to be tandemly repeated. The nucDNA clones contain remnants of rat long interspersed repetitive element (LINE) sequences; in addition the 9.1 knp fragment contains sequences with similarity to portions of viral reverse transcriptase and RNaseH genes. Until now, all mtDNA-like sequences found in the nuclear genome have been coding sequences. This is the first confirmation by sequence analysis of a portion of the mtDNA control region in the nuclear genome.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular Mechanisms of Two-Component Signal Transduction Abstract: Two-component systems (TCS) comprising sensor histidine kinases and response regulator proteins are among the most important players in bacterial and archaeal signal transduction and also occur in reduced numbers in some eukaryotic organisms. Given their importance to cellular survival, virulence, and cellular development, these systems are among the most scrutinized bacterial proteins. In the recent years, a flurry of bioinformatics, genetic, biochemical, and structural studies have provided detailed insights into many molecular mechanisms that underlie the detection of signals and the generation of the appropriate response by TCS. Importantly, it has become clear that there is significant diversity in the mechanisms employed by individual systems. This review discusses the current knowledge on common themes and divergences from the paradigm of TCS signaling. An emphasis is on the information gained by a flurry of recent structural and bioinformatics studies.	0
Abstract2class: Hydrophobic forces dominate the thermodynamic characteristics of UvrA-DNA damage interactions Abstract: The Escherichia coli DNA repair proteins UvrA, UvrB and UvrC work together to recognize and incise DNA damage during the process of nucleotide excision repair (NER). To gain an understanding of the damage recognition properties of UvrA, we have used fluorescence spectroscopy to study the thermodynamics of its interaction with a defined DNA substrate containing a benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide (BPDE) adduct. Oligonucleotides containing a single site-specifically modified N2-guanine (+)-trans-, (-)-trans-, (+)-cis-, or (-)-cis-BPDE adducts were ligated into 50-base-pair DNA fragments. All four stereoisomers of DNA-BPDE adducts show an excitation maximum at 350 nm and an emission maximum around 380 to 385 nm. Binding of UvrA to the BPDE-DNA adducts results in a five to sevenfold fluorescence enhancement. Titration of the BPDE-adducted DNA with UvrA was used to generate binding isotherms. The equilibrium dissociation constants for UvrA binding to (+)-trans-, (-)-trans-, (+)-cis-, and (-)-cis- BPDE adduct were: 7.4+/-1.9, 15. 8+/-5.4, 11.3+/-2.7 and 22.4+/-2.0 nM, respectively. There was a large negative change in heat capacity DeltaCpo,obs, (-3.3 kcal mol-1 K-1) accompanied by a relatively unchanged DeltaGoobs with temperature. Furthermore, varying the concentration of KCl showed that the number of ions released upon formation of UvrA-DNA complex is about 3.4, a relatively small value compared to the contact size of UvrA with the substrate. These data suggest that hydrophobic interactions are an important driving force for UvrA binding to BPDE-damaged DNA.	0
Abstract2class: Alternating access of the putative substrate-binding chamber in the ABC transporter MsbA Abstract: MsbA is an ATP-binding cassette transporter from Escherichia coli that is involved in trafficking lipid A across the inner membrane. ATP-binding cassette transporters harness the free energy of ATP binding and hydrolysis to drive the uphill translocation of substrates against their concentration gradients. A model of protein motion coupling energy input to work was inspired by crystallographic snapshots of MsbA. Central to this model is a switch in the accessibility of a transmembrane chamber, implicated in substrate binding, from an inward- to an outward-facing configuration. Here, we used spin labeling and electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy to systematically explore rearrangements in MsbA structure during the ATP hydrolysis cycle. Spin-label accessibility and local dynamics were determined in liposomes for the nucleotide-free intermediate and the transition state of ATP hydrolysis. The changes in the electron paramagnetic resonance parameters between these two intermediates fit a global pattern consistent with alternating access of the chamber. In the transition state of ATP hydrolysis, spin labels on the cytoplasmic side report increased dynamic restrictions and reduced water accessibility, while those on the extracellular side report increased water penetration. Furthermore, spin-label mobility and accessibility as well as their changes are consistent with those expected based on the crystal structures. The reversal in chamber hydration is likely to reduce the free energy of amphipathic substrate binding and promote translocation across the membrane.	0
Abstract2class: Conformational cycle of the ABC transporter MsbA in liposomes: detailed analysis using double electron-electron resonance spectroscopy Abstract: Driven by the energy of ATP binding and hydrolysis, ATP-binding cassette transporters alternate between inward- and outward-facing conformations, allowing vectorial movement of substrates. Conflicting models have been proposed to describe the conformational motion underlying this switch in access of the transport pathway. One model, based on three crystal structures of the lipid flippase MsbA, envisions a large-amplitude motion that disengages the nucleotide-binding domains and repacks the transmembrane helices. To test this model and place the crystal structures in a mechanistic context, we use spin labeling and double electron-electron resonance spectroscopy to define the nature and amplitude of MsbA conformational change during ATP hydrolysis cycle. For this purpose, spin labels were introduced at sites selected to provide a distinctive pattern of distance changes unique to the crystallographic transformation. Distance changes in liposomes, induced by the transition from nucleotide-free MsbA to the highest energy intermediate, fit a simple pattern whereby residues on the cytoplasmic side undergo 20-30 A closing motion while a 7- to 10-A opening motion is observed on the extracellular side. The transmembrane helices undergo relative movement to create the outward opening consistent with that implied by the crystal structures. Double electron-electron resonance distance distributions reveal asymmetric backbone flexibility on the two sides of the transporter that correlates with asymmetric opening of the substrate-binding chamber. Together with extensive accessibility analysis, our results suggest that these structures capture features of the motion that couples ATP energy expenditure to work, providing a framework for the mechanism of substrate transport.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular determinants for the interaction of human neutrophil alpha defensin 1 with its propeptide Abstract: Human neutrophil alpha-defensins (HNPs) are cationic antimicrobial peptides that are synthesized in vivo as inactive precursors (proHNPs). Activation requires proteolytic excision of their anionic N-terminal inhibitory pro peptide. The pro peptide of proHNP1 also interacts specifically with and inhibits the antimicrobial activity of HNP1 inter-molecularly. In the light of the opposite net charges segregated in proHNP1, functional inhibition of the C-terminal defensin domain by its propeptide is generally thought to be of electrostatic nature. Using a battery of analogs of the propeptide and of proHNP1, we identified residues in the propeptide region important for HNP1 binding and inhibition. Only three anionic residues in the propeptide, Glu(15), Asp(20) and Glu(23), were modestly important for interactions with HNP1. By contrast, the hydrophobic residues in the central part of the propeptide, and the conserved hydrophobic motif Val(24)Val(25)Val(26)Leu(28) in particular, were critical for HNP1 binding and inhibition. Neutralization of all negative charges in the propeptide only partially activated the bactericidal activity of proHNP1. Our data indicate that hydrophobic forces have a dominant role in mediating the interactions between HNP1 and its propeptide--a finding largely contrasting the commonly held view that the interactions are of an electrostatic nature.	0
Abstract2class: A New Critical Conformational Determinant of Multidrug Efflux by an MFS Transporter Abstract: Secondary multidrug (Mdr) transporters utilize ion concentration gradients to actively remove antibiotics and other toxic compounds from cells. The model Mdr transporter MdfA from Escherichia coli exchanges dissimilar drugs for protons. The transporter should open at the cytoplasmic side to enable access of drugs into the Mdr recognition pocket. Here we show that the cytoplasmic rim around the Mdr recognition pocket represents a previously overlooked important regulatory determinant in MdfA. We demonstrate that increasing the positive charge of the electrically asymmetric rim dramatically inhibits MdfA activity and sometimes even leads to influx of planar, positively charged compounds, resulting in drug sensitivity. Our results suggest that unlike the mutants with the electrically modified rim, the membrane-embedded wild-type MdfA exhibits a significant probability of an inward-closed conformation, which is further increased by drug binding. Since MdfA binds drugs from its inward-facing environment, these results are intriguing and raise the possibility that the transporter has a sensitive, drug-induced conformational switch, which favors an inward-closed state.	0
Abstract2class: Synthetic Ecology of Microbes: Mathematical Models and Applications Abstract: As the indispensable role of natural microbial communities in many aspects of life on Earth is uncovered, the bottom-up engineering of synthetic microbial consortia with novel functions is becoming an attractive alternative to engineering single-species systems. Here, we summarize recent work on synthetic microbial communities with a particular emphasis on open challenges and opportunities in environmental sustainability and human health. We next provide a critical overview of mathematical approaches, ranging from phenomenological to mechanistic, to decipher the principles that govern the function, dynamics and evolution of microbial ecosystems. Finally, we present our outlook on key aspects of microbial ecosystems and synthetic ecology that require further developments, including the need for more efficient computational algorithms, a better integration of empirical methods and model-driven analysis, the importance of improving gene function annotation, and the value of a standardized library of well-characterized organisms to be used as building blocks of synthetic communities.	0
Abstract2class: Distinguishing reversible from irreversible virus capsid assembly Abstract: Capsids of spherical viruses may be constructed from hundreds or thousands of copies of the major capsid protein(s). These assembly reactions are poorly understood. Here we consider the predicted behavior for assembly where the component reactions have weak association energy and are reversible and compare them to essentially irreversible reactions. The comparisons are based on mass action calculations and the behavior predicted from kinetic simulations where assembly is described as a cascade of low order reactions. Reversible reactions are characterized by a pseudo-critical concentration, whereas irreversible reactions consume all free subunits. Irreversible reactions are more susceptible to kinetic traps comprised of numerous small intermediates. In the case where only the ultimate step is irreversible, very low concentrations of intermediates slow the completion of the reaction so that overall it closely matches the predictions for the reversible reactions that make up the majority of the cascade. Data in the literature strongly support the hypothesis that most viruses are held together by many weak interactions.	0
Abstract2class: Catabolite activator protein-induced DNA bending in transcription initiation Abstract: We describe experiments that enable us to track the presence and direction of the DNA bend induced by Escherichia coli catabolite activator protein (CAP) through the intermediate stages of transcription initiation at the lac promoter. Transcriptional complexes examined were formed on superhelical templates to enhance specific complex formation, and detected by electrophoretic analysis after restriction digestion. We found that the bend is maintained and even increased upon formation of closed and open complexes. Our results exclude the hypothesis that the energy of the CAP-induced bend is used to promote open complex formation. We now suggest a new model, in which DNA wraps around the CAP-polymerase complex to form a writhing structure equivalent to that at the end of an interwound superhelical domain. Formation of this structure may facilitate open complex formation. We further propose that the stored bend energy may be used to help counteract strong protein-protein or protein-DNA interactions, thus assisting the process of RNA polymerase escape from the promoter.	0
Abstract2class: Conformational flexibility and peptide interaction of the translocation ATPase SecA Abstract: The SecA ATPase forms a functional complex with the protein-conducting SecY channel to translocate polypeptides across the bacterial cell membrane. SecA recognizes the translocation substrate and catalyzes its unidirectional movement through the SecY channel. The recent crystal structure of the Thermotoga maritima SecA-SecYEG complex shows the ATPase in a conformation where the nucleotide-binding domains (NBDs) have closed around a bound ADP-BeFx complex and SecA's polypeptide-binding clamp is shut. Here, we present the crystal structure of T. maritima SecA in isolation, determined in its ADP-bound form at 3.1 A resolution. SecA alone has a drastically different conformation in which the nucleotide-binding pocket between NBD1 and NBD2 is open and the preprotein cross-linking domain has rotated away from both NBDs, thereby opening the polypeptide-binding clamp. To investigate how this clamp binds polypeptide substrates, we also determined a structure of Bacillus subtilis SecA in complex with a peptide at 2.5 A resolution. This structure shows that the peptide augments the highly conserved beta-sheet at the back of the clamp. Taken together, these structures suggest a mechanism by which ATP hydrolysis can lead to polypeptide translocation.	0
Abstract2class: Structural insight into the mechanism of substrate specificity and catalytic activity of an HD-domain phosphohydrolase: the 5'-deoxyribonucleotidase YfbR from Escherichia coli Abstract: HD-domain phosphohydrolases have nucleotidase and phosphodiesterase activities and play important roles in the metabolism of nucleotides and in signaling. We present three 2.1-A-resolution crystal structures (one in the free state and two complexed with natural substrates) of an HD-domain phosphohydrolase, the Escherichia coli 5'-nucleotidase YfbR. The free-state structure of YfbR contains a large cavity accommodating the metal-coordinating HD motif (H33, H68, D69, and D137) and other conserved residues (R18, E72, and D77). Alanine scanning mutagenesis confirms that these residues are important for activity. Two structures of the catalytically inactive mutant E72A complexed with Co(2+) and either thymidine-5'-monophosphate or 2'-deoxyriboadenosine-5'-monophosphate disclose the novel binding mode of deoxyribonucleotides in the active site. Residue R18 stabilizes the phosphate on the Co(2+), and residue D77 forms a strong hydrogen bond critical for binding the ribose. The indole side chain of W19 is located close to the 2'-carbon atom of the deoxyribose moiety and is proposed to act as the selectivity switch for deoxyribonucleotide, which is supported by comparison to YfdR, another 5'-nucleotidase in E. coli. The nucleotide bases of both deoxyriboadenosine-5'-monophosphate and thymidine-5'-monophosphate make no specific hydrogen bonds with the protein, explaining the lack of nucleotide base selectivity. The YfbR E72A substrate complex structures also suggest a plausible single-step nucleophilic substitution mechanism. This is the first proposed molecular mechanism for an HD-domain phosphohydrolase based directly on substrate-bound crystal structures.	0
Abstract2class: Ribosome Mechanics Informs about Mechanism Abstract: The essential aspects of the ribosome's mechanism can be extracted from coarse-grained simulations, including the ratchet motion, the movement together of critical bases at the decoding center, and movements of the peptide tunnel lining that assist in the expulsion of the synthesized peptide. Because of its large size, coarse graining helps to simplify and to aid in the understanding of its mechanism. Results presented here utilize coarse-grained elastic network modeling to extract the dynamics, and both RNAs and proteins are coarse grained. We review our previous results, showing the well-known ratchet motions and the motions in the peptide tunnel and in the mRNA tunnel. The motions of the lining of the peptide tunnel appear to assist in the expulsion of the growing peptide chain, and clamps at the ends of the mRNA tunnel with three proteins ensure that the mRNA is held tightly during decoding and essential for the helicase activity at the entrance. The entry clamp may also assist in base recognition to ensure proper selection of the incoming tRNA. The overall precision of the ribosome machine-like motions is remarkable.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic Insights into the Role of Atg11 in Selective Autophagy Abstract: Macroautophagy (referred to hereafter as autophagy) is an intracellular degradation pathway in which the formation of a double-membrane vesicle called the autophagosome is a key event in the transport of multiple cytoplasmic cargo (e.g., proteins, protein aggregates, lipid droplets or organelles) to the vacuole (lysosome in mammals) for degradation and recycling. During this process, autophagosomes are formed de novo by membrane fusion events leading to phagophore formation initiated at the phagophore assembly site. In yeast, Atg11 and Atg17 function as protein scaffolds, essential for selective and non-selective types of autophagy, respectively. While Atg17 functions in non-selective autophagy are well-defined in the literature, less attention is concentrated on recent findings regarding the roles of Atg11 in selective autophagy. Here, we summarize current knowledge about the Atg11 scaffold protein and review recent findings in the context of its role in selective autophagy initiation and autophagosome formation.	0
Abstract2class: Modular architecture of the hexameric human mitochondrial DNA helicase Abstract: We have probed the structure of the human mitochondrial DNA helicase, an enzyme that uses the energy of nucleotide hydrolysis to unwind duplex DNA during mitochondrial DNA replication. This novel helicase shares substantial amino acid sequence and functional similarities with the bacteriophage T7 primase-helicase. We show in velocity sedimentation and gel filtration analyses that the mitochondrial DNA helicase exists as a hexamer. Limited proteolysis by trypsin results in the production of several stable fragments, and N-terminal sequencing reveals distinct N and C-terminal polypeptides that represent minimal structural domains. Physical analysis of the proteolytic products defines the region required to maintain oligomeric structure to reside within amino acid residues approximately 405-590. Truncations of the N and C termini affect differentially DNA-dependent ATPase activity, and whereas a C-terminal domain polypeptide is functional, an N-terminal domain polypeptide lacks ATPase activity. Sequence similarity and secondary structural alignments combined with biochemical data suggest that amino acid residue R609 serves as the putative arginine finger that is essential for ATPase activity in ring helicases. The hexameric conformation and modular architecture revealed in our study document that the mitochondrial DNA helicase and bacteriophage T7 primase-helicase share physical features. Our findings place the mitochondrial DNA helicase firmly in the DnaB-like family of replicative DNA helicases.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptome profiling reveals the roles of pigment formation mechanisms in yellow Paeonia delavayi flowers Abstract: The yellow colour of ornamental varieties of tree peony originated from Paeonia delavayi. However, but P. delavayi and Paeonia suffruticosa belong to different subgroups, so hybridization is difficult and results in a long breeding cycle. However, no comprehensive transcriptomic profiling has focused on the colour formation mechanisms of yellow tree peony petals. Analysing the colour formation mechanism of yellow petals in P. delavayi is very important for directional molecular breeding. In this study, the transcriptional map of yellow pigment development in petals was used to analyse the mechanism of petal colour formation. We analysed the genes related to the metabolism of flavonoids and carotenoids and the transcription factors (TFs) involved in P. delavayi var. lutea (pure yellow individual) yellow pigment development using transcriptome sequence profiling. Transcriptome sequence profiles revealed three and four differentially expressed transcripts (DETs) involved in flavonoid biosynthesis and carotenoid biosynthesis, respectively. An analysis of DETs in the flavonoid pathway showed that chalcone synthase (CHS) and chalcone 2´-glucosyltransferases (THC2'GT) act in synergy to synthesize isosalipurposide (ISP). CHS and flavonol synthase (FLS) synergistically synthesize quercetin and kaempferol. DEG analysis of the carotenoid pathway revealed that phytoene synthase (PSY), carotenoid isomerase (CRTISO) and β-carotene hydroxylases (CHYB) play a key role in regulating lutein formation, and carotenoid cleavage dioxygenase (CCD) plays an important role in the degradation of carotenoids. These two pathways may be regulated by TF families such as bHLH, ARF, and MYB. The results of the transient overexpression of genes showed that CHS and CHI are regulated by PdMYB2. In this study, the molecular mechanism of ISP synthesis was analysed in depth, and the complete metabolic pathway of carotenoids in Paeonia L. was reported for the first time. By studying the formation mechanism of yellow pigment in P. delavayi petals, a breeding strategy for improving flavonol and carotenoid contents and reducing anthocyanin synthesis by genetic engineering was suggested.	0
Abstract2class: A two-phase comprehensive NSCLC prognostic study identifies lncRNAs with significant main effect and interaction Abstract: Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) are involved in regulating physiological behaviors for various malignant tumors, including non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, few studies comprehensively evaluated both lncRNA-lncRNA interaction effects and main effects of lncRNA on overall survival of NSCLC. Hence, we performed a two-phase designed study of lncRNA expression in tumor tissues using 604 NSCLC patients from The Cancer Genome Atlas as the discovery phase and 839 patients from Gene Expression Omnibus as the validation phase. In the discovery phase, we adopted a two-step strategy, Screening before Testing, for dimension reduction and signal detection. These candidate lncRNAs first screened out by the weighted random forest (Ranger), were then tested through the Cox proportional hazards model adjusted for covariates. Significant lncRNAs with either type of effects aforementioned were carried forward into the validation phase to confirm their significances again. As a result, in the discovery phase, 19 lncRNAs were identified by Ranger, among which five lncRNAs and one pair of lncRNA-lncRNA interaction exhibited significant effects (FDR-q ≤ 0.05) main and interaction effects on NSCLC survival, respectively, through Cox model. After the independent validation, we finally observed that one lncRNA (ENSG00000227403.1) with main effect was robustly associated with NSCLC prognosis (HRdiscovery = 0.90, P = 1.20 × 10-3; HRvalidation = 0.94, P = 4.11 × 10-3) and one pair of lncRNAs (ENSG00000267121.4 and ENSG00000272369.1) had significant interaction effect on NSCLC survival (HRdiscovery = 1.12, P = 3.07 × 10-4; HRvalidation = 1.11, P = 0.0397). Our comprehensive NSCLC prognostic study of lncRNA provided population-level evidence for further functional study.	0
Abstract2class: An E. coli biosensor for screening of cDNA libraries for isochorismate pyruvate lyase-encoding cDNAs Abstract: Salicylic acid (SA) is an essential hormone for development and induced defense against biotrophic pathogens in plants. The formation of SA mainly derives from chorismate via demonstrated isochorismate synthase (ICS) and presumed isochorismate pyruvate lyase (IPL)-mediated steps in Arabidopsis thaliana, but so far no plant enzyme displaying IPL activity has been identified. Here, we developed an E. coli SA biosensor to screen for IPL activity based on the SalR regulator/salA promoter combination from Acinetobacter sp ADP1, to control the expression of the reporter luxCDABE. The biosensor was responsive to micromolar concentrations of exogenous SA, and to endogenous SA produced after transformation with a plasmid permitting IPTG-inducible expression of bacterial IPL in this biosensor strain. After screening a cDNA library constructed from turnip crinkle virus (TCV)-infected Arabidopsis ecotype Di-17, we identified an enzyme, PRXR1, as a putative IPL that converts isochorismate into SA. Our results provide a new experimental approach to identify IPL and new insights into the SA biosynthesis pathway in Arabidopsis.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization of a large sex determination region in Salix purpurea L. (Salicaceae) Abstract: Dioecy has evolved numerous times in plants, but heteromorphic sex chromosomes are apparently rare. Sex determination has been studied in multiple Salix and Populus (Salicaceae) species, and P. trichocarpa has an XY sex determination system on chromosome 19, while S. suchowensis and S. viminalis have a ZW system on chromosome 15. Here we use whole genome sequencing coupled with quantitative trait locus mapping and a genome-wide association study to characterize the genomic composition of the non-recombining portion of the sex determination region. We demonstrate that Salix purpurea also has a ZW system on chromosome 15. The sex determination region has reduced recombination, high structural polymorphism, an abundance of transposable elements, and contains genes that are involved in sex expression in other plants. We also show that chromosome 19 contains sex-associated markers in this S. purpurea assembly, along with other autosomes. This raises the intriguing possibility of a translocation of the sex determination region within the Salicaceae lineage, suggesting a common evolutionary origin of the Populus and Salix sex determination loci.	0
Abstract2class: Different scales of gene duplications occurring at different times have jointly shaped the NBS-LRR genes in Prunus species Abstract: In this study, genome-wide identification, phylogenetic relationships, duplication time and selective pressure of the NBS-LRR genes, an important group of plant disease-resistance genes (R genes), were performed to uncover their genetic evolutionary patterns in the six Prunus species. A total of 1946 NBS-LRR genes were identified; specifically, 589, 361, 284, 281, 318, and 113 were identified in Prunus yedoensis, P. domestica, P. avium, P. dulcis, P. persica and P. yedoensis var. nudiflora, respectively. Two NBS-LRR gene subclasses, TIR-NBS-LRR (TNL) and non-TIR-NBS-LRR (non-TNL), were also discovered. In total, 435 TNL and 1511 non-TNL genes were identified and could be classified into 30/55/75 and 103/158/191 multi-gene families, respectively, according to three different criteria. Higher Ks and Ka/Ks values were detected in TNL gene families than in non-TNL gene families. These results indicated that the TNL genes had more members involved in relatively ancient duplications and were affected by stronger selection pressure than the non-TNL genes. In general, the NBS-LRR genes were shaped by species-specific duplications, and lineage-specific duplications occurred at recent and relatively ancient periods among the six Prunus species. Therefore, different duplicated copies of NBS-LRRs can resist specific pathogens and will provide an R-gene library for resistance breeding in Prunus species.	0
Abstract2class: Disruption of carotene biosynthesis leads to abnormal plastids and variegated leaves in Brassica napus Abstract: Leaf color is an important characteristic of normal chloroplast development. Variegated plants have green- and white-sectored leaves, which can be used to identify important pathways and molecular mechanisms of chloroplast development. We studied two Brassica napus variegation mutants from same one variegated ancestor, designated ZY-4 and ZY-8, which have different degrees of variegation. When grown in identical conditions, the ratio of white sectors in ZY-4 leaves is higher than in ZY-8. In both mutants, the cells in green sectors contain normal chloroplasts; while, the cells in white sectors contain abnormal plastids. Seedling chloroplasts ultrastructure of both mutants showed that the biogenesis of chloroplasts was blocked in early stages; delayed development and structual damage in ZY-4 were more serious than in ZY-8. Employing bulked segregant analysis(BSA), two bulks (BY142 and BY137) from BC2F1 lines derived from ZY-4 and ZS11, and one bulk (BY56) from BC2F1 lines derived from ZY-8 and ZS11, and screening by Brassica 60K SNP BeadChip Array, showed the candidate regions localized in chromosome A08 (BY142), C04 (BY137), and A08 (BY56), respectively. Transcriptome analysis of five seedling development stages of ZY-4, ZY-8, and ZS11 showed that photosynthesis, energy metabolism-related pathways and translation-related pathways were important for chloroplast biogenesis. The number of down- or up-regulated genes related to immune system process in ZY-4 was more than in ZY-8. The retrograde signaling pathway was mis-regulated in both mutants. DEG analysis indicated that both mutants showed photooxidative damages. By coupling transcriptome and BSA CHIP analyses, some candidate genes were identified. The gene expression pattern of carotene biosynthesis pathway was disrupted in both mutants. However, histochemical analysis of ROS revealed that there was no excessive accumulation of ROS in ZY-4 and ZY-8. Taken together, our data indicate that the disruption of carotene biosynthetic pathways leads to the variegation phenotypes of ZY-4 and ZY-8 and there are some functions that can compensate for the disruption of carotene biosynthesis in ZY-4 and ZY-8 to reduce ROS and prevent seedling mortality.	0
Abstract2class: Genome-wide identification and functional analysis of the TIFY gene family in response to drought in cotton Abstract: Jasmonates control many aspects of plant biological processes. They are important for regulating plant responses to various biotic and abiotic stresses, including drought, which is one of the most serious threats to sustainable agricultural production. However, little is known regarding how jasmonate ZIM-domain (JAZ) proteins mediate jasmonic acid signals to improve stress tolerance in cotton. This represents the first comprehensive comparative study of TIFY transcription factors in both diploid A, D and tetraploid AD cotton species. In this study, we identified 21 TIFY family members in the genome of Gossypium arboretum, 28 members from Gossypium raimondii and 50 TIFY genes in Gossypium hirsutum. The phylogenetic analyses indicated the TIFY gene family could be divided into the following four subfamilies: TIFY, PPD, ZML, and JAZ subfamilies. The cotton TIFY genes have expanded through tandem duplications and segmental duplications compared with other plant species. Gene expression profile revealed temporal and tissue specificities for TIFY genes under simulated drought conditions in Gossypium arboretum. The JAZ subfamily members were the most highly expressed genes, suggesting that they have a vital role in responses to drought stress. Over-expression of GaJAZ5 gene decreased water loss, stomatal openings, and the accumulation of H2O2 in Arabidopsis thaliana. Additionally, the results of drought tolerance assays suggested that this subfamily might be involved in increasing drought tolerance. Our study provides new data regarding the genome-wide analysis of TIFY gene families and their important roles in drought tolerance in cotton species. These data may form the basis of future studies regarding the relationship between drought and jasmonic acid.	0
Abstract2class: Three pleiotropic loci associated with bone mineral density and lean body mass Abstract: Both bone mineral density (BMD) and lean body mass (LBM) are important physiological measures with strong genetic determination. Besides, BMD and LBM might have common genetic factors. Aiming to identify pleiotropic genomic loci underlying BMD and LBM, we performed bivariate genome-wide association study meta-analyses of femoral neck bone mineral density and LBM at arms and legs, and replicated in the large-scale UK Biobank cohort sample. Combining the results from discovery meta-analysis and replication sample, we identified three genomic loci at the genome-wide significance level (p < 5.0 × 10-8): 2p23.2 (lead SNP rs4477866, discovery p = 3.47 × 10-8, replication p = 1.03 × 10-4), 16q12.2 (rs1421085, discovery p = 2.04 × 10-9, replication p = 6.47 × 10-14) and 18q21.32 (rs11152213, discovery p = 3.47 × 10-8, replication p = 6.69 × 10-6). Our findings not only provide useful insights into lean mass and bone mass development, but also enhance our understanding of the potential genetic correlation between BMD and LBM.	0
Abstract2class: Transcriptional analysis of the titin cap gene Abstract: Mutations in titin cap (Tcap), also known as telethonin, cause limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2G (LGMD2G). Tcap is one of the titin interacting Z-disc proteins involved in the regulation and development of normal sarcomeric structure. Given the essential role of Tcap in establishing and maintaining normal skeletal muscle architecture, we were interested in determining the regulatory elements required for expression of this gene in myoblasts. We have defined a highly conserved 421 bp promoter proximal promoter fragment that contains two E boxes and multiple putative Mef2 binding sequences. This promoter can be activated by MyoD and myogenin in NIH3T3 fibroblast cells, and maintains the differentiated cell-specific expression pattern of the endogenous Tcap in C2C12 cells. We find that while both E boxes are required for full activation by MyoD or myogenin in NIH3T3 cells, the promoter proximal E box has a greater contribution to activation of this promoter in C2C12 cells and to activation by MyoD in NIH3T3 cells. Together, the data suggest an important role for MyoD in activating Tcap expression through the promoter proximal E box. We also show that myogenin is required for normal expression in vivo and physically binds to the Tcap promoter during embryogenesis.	0
Abstract2class: The highly attenuated oncolytic recombinant vaccinia virus GLV-1h68: comparative genomic features and the contribution of F14.5L inactivation Abstract: As a new anticancer treatment option, vaccinia virus (VACV) has shown remarkable antitumor activities (oncolysis) in preclinical studies, but potential infection of other organs remains a safety concern. We present here genome comparisons between the de novo sequence of GLV-1h68, a recombinant VACV, and other VACVs. The identified differences in open reading frames (ORFs) include genes encoding host-range selection, virulence and immune modulation proteins, e.g., ankyrin-like proteins, serine proteinase inhibitor SPI-2/CrmA, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor homolog CrmC, semaphorin-like and interleukin-1 receptor homolog proteins. Phylogenetic analyses indicate that GLV-1h68 is closest to Lister strains but has lost several ORFs present in its parental LIVP strain, including genes encoding CrmE and a viral Golgi anti-apoptotic protein, v-GAAP. The reduced pathogenicity of GLV-1h68 is confirmed in male mice bearing C6 rat glioma and in immunocompetent mice bearing B16-F10 murine melanoma. The contribution of foreign gene expression cassettes in the F14.5L, J2R and A56R loci is analyzed, in particular the contribution of F14.5L inactivation to the reduced virulence is demonstrated by comparing the virulence of GLV-1h68 with its F14.5L-null and revertant viruses. GLV-1h68 is a promising engineered VACV variant for anticancer therapy with tumor-specific replication, reduced pathogenicity and benign tissue tropism.	0
Abstract2class: Application of the prenatal BACs-on-Beads™ assay for rapid prenatal detection of sex chromosome mosaicism Abstract: The prenatal BACs-on-Beads™ (BoBs) assay was introduced for rapid detection of abnormalities of chromosomes 13, 18, 21, X, and Y and specific nine significant microdeletion syndromes. The ability of prenatal BoBs to detect mosaicism ranged from 20 to 40%. However, there have been no prenatal studies of sex chromosome mosaicism in prenatal BoBs. Therefore, the present study was performed with an aim to uncover the detection level of sex chromosome mosaicism that application of prenatal BoBs assay, and then to assess the sensitivity of prenatal BoBs assay, thereby improving the prenatal diagnostic accuracy. A total of 31 samples of amniotic fluid (AF) and umbilical cord blood (UCB) for prenatal diagnosis were collected, and the results were confirmed through karyotyping, single nucleotide polymorphism microarray (SNP-array) and copy number variation sequencing (CNV-seq). 23 cases of sex chromosome mosaicism were prompted abnormal by prenatal BoBs, the minimum detection level of mosaicism was about 6% as detected by karyotype. The overall sensitivity of prenatal BoBs in the detection of sex chromosome mosaicism was 74.2% (23/31). This study evaluated the effectiveness of prenatal BoBs for detecting sex chromosome mosaicism in prenatal diagnosis, and the results will provide valuable information for genetic counseling.	0
Abstract2class: Evaluating the estimation of genetic correlation and heritability using summary statistics Abstract: While novel statistical methods quantifying the shared heritability of traits and diseases between ancestral distinct populations have been recently proposed, a thorough evaluation of these approaches under differing circumstances remain elusive. Brown et al.2016 proposed the method Popcorn to estimate the shared heritability, i.e. genetic correlation, using only summary statistics. Here, we evaluate Popcorn under several parameters and circumstances: sample size, number of SNPs, sample size of external reference panel, various population pairs, inappropriate external reference panel, and admixed population involved. Our results determined the minimum sample size of the external reference panel, summary statistics, and number of SNPs required to accurately estimate both the genetic correlation and heritability. Moreover, the number of individuals and SNPs required to produce accurate and stable estimates was directly proportional with heritability in Popcorn. Misrepresentation of the reference panel overestimated the genetic correlation by 20% and heritability by 60%. Lastly, applying Popcorn to homogeneous (EUR) and admixed (ASW) populations underestimated the genetic correlation by 15%. Although statistical approaches estimating the shared heritability between ancestral populations will provide novel etiologic insight, caution is required ensuring results are based on the appropriate sample size, number of SNPs, and the generalizability of the reference panel to the discovery populations.	0
Abstract2class: Genetic architecture of wild soybean (Glycine soja) response to soybean cyst nematode (Heterodera glycines) Abstract: The soybean cyst nematode (SCN) is one of the most destructive pathogens of soybean plants worldwide. Host-plant resistance is an environmentally friendly method to mitigate SCN damage. To date, the resistant soybean cultivars harbor limited genetic variation, and some are losing resistance. Thus, a better understanding of the genetic mechanisms of the SCN resistance, as well as developing diverse resistant soybean cultivars, is urgently needed. In this study, a genome-wide association study (GWAS) was conducted using 1032 wild soybean (Glycine soja) accessions with over 42,000 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) to understand the genetic architecture of G. soja resistance to SCN race 1. Ten SNPs were significantly associated with the response to race 1. Three SNPs on chromosome 18 were localized within the previously identified quantitative trait loci (QTLs), and two of which were localized within a strong linkage disequilibrium block encompassing a nucleotide-binding (NB)-ARC disease resistance gene (Glyma.18G102600). Genes encoding methyltransferases, the calcium-dependent signaling protein, the leucine-rich repeat kinase family protein, and the NB-ARC disease resistance protein, were identified as promising candidate genes. The identified SNPs and candidate genes can not only shed light on the molecular mechanisms underlying SCN resistance, but also can facilitate soybean improvement employing wild genetic resources.	0
Abstract2class: The RRM1 domain of the poly(A)-binding protein from Saccharomyces cerevisiae is critical to control of mRNA deadenylation Abstract: The poly(A)-binding protein PAB1 from the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae plays an important role in controlling mRNA deadenylation rates. Deletion of either its RRM1 or proline-rich domain (P domain) severely restricts deadenylation and slows mRNA degradation. Because these large deletions could be having unknown effects on the structure of PAB1, different strategies were used to determine the importance of the RRM1 and P domains to deadenylation. Since the P domain is quite variable in size and sequence among eukaryotes, P domains from two human PABPCs and from Xenopus were substituted for that of PAB1. The resultant PAB1 hybrid proteins, however, displayed limited or no difference in mRNA deadenylation as compared with PAB1. In contrast to the P domain, the RRM1 domain is highly conserved across species, and a systematic mutagenesis of the RRM1 domain was undertaken to identify its functional regions. Several mutations along the RNA-binding surface of RRM1 inhibited deadenylation, whereas one set of mutations on its exterior non-RNA binding surface shifted deadenylation from a slow distributive process to a rapid processive deadenylation. These results suggest that the RRM1 domain is the more critical region of PAB1 for controlling deadenylation and consists of at least two distinguishable functional regions.	0
Abstract2class: Mitogenomics of recombinant mitochondrial genomes of Baltic Sea Mytilus mussels Abstract: Recombination in the control region (CR) of Mytilus mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) was originally reported based on the relatively short, sequenced fragments of mitochondrial genomes. Recombination outside the CR has been reported recently with the suggestion that such processes are common in Mytilus. We have fully sequenced a set of 11 different mitochondrial haplotypes representing the high diversity of paternally inherited mitochondrial genomes of Baltic Sea Mytilus mussels, including the haplotype close to the native Mytilus trossulus mitochondrial genome, which was thought to have been entirely eliminated from this population. Phylogenetic and comparative analysis showed that the recombination is limited to the vicinity of the CR in all sequenced genomes. Coding sequence comparison indicated that all paternally inherited genomes showed increased accumulation of nonsynonymous substitutions, including the genomes which switched their transmission route very recently. The acquisition of certain CR sequences through recombination with highly divergent paternally inherited genomes seems to precede and favor the switch, but it is not a prerequisite for this process. Interspecies hybridization in the Baltic Sea during the recent 10,000 years created conditions for both structural and evolutionary mitochondrial instability which resulted in the observed variation and dynamics of mtDNA in Baltic Sea Mytilus mussels. In conclusion, the data shows that the effects of mitochondrial recombination are limited to the CR of few phylogenetic lineages.	0
Abstract2class: Identification of genetic variation and haplotype structure of the canine ABCA4 gene for retinal disease association studies Abstract: Over 200 mutations in the retina specific member of the ATP-binding cassette transporter superfamily (ABCA4) have been associated with a diverse group of human retinal diseases. The disease mechanisms, and genotype-phenotype associations, nonetheless, remain elusive in many cases. As orthologous genes are commonly mutated in canine models of human blinding disorders, canine ABCA4 appears to be an ideal candidate gene to identify and study sequence changes in dogs affected by various forms of inherited retinal degeneration. However, the size of the gene and lack of haplotype assignment significantly limit targeted association and/or linkage approaches. This study assessed the naturally observed sequence diversity of ABCA4 in the dog, identifying 80% of novel variations. While none of the observed polymorphisms have been associated with blinding disorders to date, breed and potentially disease specific haplotypes have been identified. Moreover, a tag SNP map of 17 (15) markers has been established that accurately predicts common ABCA4 haplotypes (frequency > 5%) explaining >85% (>80%) of the observed genetic diversity and will considerably advance future studies. Our sequence analysis of the complete canine ABCA4 coding region will clearly provide a baseline and tools for future association studies and comparative genomics to further delineate the role of ABCA4 in canine blinding disorders.	0
Abstract2class: Pioneer factors and their in vitro identification methods Abstract: Pioneer transcription factors are a special group of transcription factors that can interact with nucleosomal DNA and initiate regulatory events. Their binding to regulatory regions is the first event in gene activation and can occur in silent or heterochromatin regions. Several research groups have endeavored to define pioneer factors and study their binding characteristics using various techniques. In this review, we describe the in vitro methods used to define and characterize pioneer factors, paying particular attention to differences in methodologies and how these differences can affect results.	0
Abstract2class: Identification and profiling of microRNAs and differentially expressed genes during anther development between a genetic male-sterile mutant and its wildtype cotton via high-throughput RNA sequencing Abstract: Genetic male sterility (GMS) facilitates hybrid seed production in crops including cotton (Gossypium hirsutum). However, the genetic and molecular mechanisms specifically involved in this developmental process are poorly understood. In this study, small RNA sequencing, degradome sequencing, and transcriptome sequencing were performed to analyze miRNAs and their target genes during anther development in a GMS mutant ('Dong A') and its fertile wildtype (WT). A total of 80 known and 220 novel miRNAs were identified, 71 of which showed differential expressions during anther development. A further degradome sequencing revealed a total of 117 candidate target genes cleaved by 16 known and 36 novel miRNAs. Based on RNA-seq, 24, 11, and 21 predicted target genes showed expression correlations with the corresponding miRNAs at the meiosis, tetrad and uninucleate stages, respectively. In addition, a large number of differentially expressed genes were identified, most of which were involved in sucrose and starch metabolism, carbohydrate metabolism, and plant hormone signal transduction based on Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) analysis. The results of our study provide valuable information for further functional investigations of the important miRNAs and target genes involved in genetic male sterility and advance our understanding of miRNA regulatory functions during cotton anther development.	0
Abstract2class: Phylogenetic characterization and promoter expression analysis of a novel hybrid protein disulfide isomerase/cargo receptor subfamily unique to plants and chromalveolates Abstract: Protein disulfide isomerases (PDIs) play critical roles in protein folding by catalyzing the formation and rearrangement of disulfide bonds in nascent secretory proteins. There are six distinct PDI subfamilies in terrestrial plants. A unique feature of PDI-C subfamily members is their homology to the yeast retrograde (Golgi-to-endoplasmic reticulum) cargo receptor proteins, Erv41p and Erv46p. Here, we demonstrate that plant Erv41p/Erv46p-like proteins are divided into three subfamilies: ERV-A, ERV-B and PDI-C, which all possess the N-proximal and C-proximal conserved domains of yeast Erv41p and Erv46p. However, in PDI-C isoforms, these domains are separated by a thioredoxin domain. The distribution of PDI-C isoforms among eukaryotes indicates that the PDI-C subfamily likely arose through an ancient exon-shuffling event that occurred before the divergence of plants from stramenopiles and rhizarians. Arabidopsis has three PDI-C genes: PDI7, PDI12, and PDI13. PDI12- and PDI13-promoter: β-glucuronidase (GUS) gene fusions are co-expressed in pollen and stipules, while PDI7 is distinctly expressed in the style, hydathodes, and leaf vasculature. The PDI-C thioredoxin domain active site motif CxxS is evolutionarily conserved among land plants. Whereas PDI12 and PDI13 retain the CxxS motif, PDI7 has a CxxC motif similar to classical PDIs. We hypothesize that PDI12 and PDI13 maintain the ancestral roles of PDI-C in Arabidopsis, while PDI7 has undergone neofunctionalization. The unusual PDI/cargo receptor hybrid arrangement in PDI-C isoforms has no counterpart in animals or yeast, and predicts the need for pairing redox functions with cargo receptor processes during protein trafficking in plants and other PDI-C containing organisms.	0
Abstract2class: Quantitative trait locus analysis of circulating adhesion molecules in hyperlipidemic apolipoprotein E-deficient mice Abstract: Circulating soluble adhesion molecules have been suggested as useful markers to predict several clinical conditions such as atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. To determine genetic factors influencing plasma levels of soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and P-selectin, quantitative trait locus (QTL) analysis was performed on an intercross between C57BL/6J (B6) and C3H/HeJ (C3H) mouse strains deficient in apolipoprotein E-deficient (apoE-/-). Female F2 mice were fed a western diet for 12 weeks. One significant QTL, named sVcam1 (71 cM, LOD 3.9), on chromosome 9 and three suggestive QTLs on chromosomes 5, 13 and 15 were identified to affect soluble VCAM-1 levels. Soluble P-selectin levels were controlled by one significant QTL, named sSelp1 (8.5 cM, LOD 3.4), on chromosome 16 and two suggestive QTLs on chromosomes 10 and 13. Both adhesion molecules showed significant or an apparent trend of correlations with body weight, total cholesterol, and LDL/VLDL cholesterol levels in the F2 population. These results indicate that plasma VCAM-1 and P-selectin levels are complex traits regulated by multiple genes, and this regulation is conferred, at least partially, by acting on body weight and lipid metabolism in hyperlipidemic apoE-/- mice.	0
Abstract2class: The sodium/galactose symporter crystal structure is a dynamic, not so occluded state Abstract: The recent elucidation of the sodium/galactose symporter structure from the Vibrio parahaemolyticus bacterium, vSGLT, has revealed a similarity in the core architecture with transporters from different gene families, including the leucine transporter (LeuT). Even though several transporters sharing this core have been structurally determined over the past few years, vSGLT is the only one crystallized in the substrate-bound inward-facing conformation so far. In this study, we report the first insight into the dynamics and coordination of the galactose (Gal) and proposed Na+ ion in vSGLT using a series of molecular dynamics simulations with a total time of about 0.1 micros. Our study reveals new residues, not observed in the crystal structure, which closely interact with the Na(+) ion or the substrate for extended times, and shows that in the crystallized conformation, a Na+ ion placed at the site equivalent to Na2 in LeuT can escape into the intracellular (IC) space in the absence of external forces. We have identified the highly conserved Asp189 as a likely binding residue on the pathway of Na(+) into the IC cavity. The release of Gal, on the other hand, requires the rotation of the side chain of the inner hydrophobic gate, Tyr263, without a significant change in vSGLT backbone conformation. Our simulations further show that the crystal structure represents but one accessible binding pose of Gal and Na+ among an ensemble of microstates, and that the Gal undergoes versatile alternate interactions at the binding pocket.	0
Abstract2class: Mechanistic understanding of Pyrococcus horikoshii Dph2, a [4Fe-4S] enzyme required for diphthamide biosynthesis Abstract: Diphthamide, the target of diphtheria toxin, is a unique posttranslational modification on eukaryotic and archaeal translation elongation factor 2 (EF2). The proposed biosynthesis of diphthamide involves three steps and we have recently found that in Pyrococcus horikoshii (P. horikoshii), the first step uses an S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM)-dependent [4Fe-4S] enzyme, PhDph2, to catalyze the formation of a C-C bond. Crystal structure shows that PhDph2 is a homodimer and each monomer contains three conserved cysteine residues that can bind a [4Fe-4S] cluster. In the reduced state, the [4Fe-4S] cluster can provide one electron to reductively cleave the bound SAM molecule. However, different from classical radical SAM family of enzymes, biochemical evidence suggest that a 3-amino-3-carboxypropyl radical is generated in PhDph2. Here we present evidence supporting that the 3-amino-3-carboxypropyl radical does not undergo hydrogen abstraction reaction, which is observed for the deoxyadenosyl radical in classical radical SAM enzymes. Instead, the 3-amino-3-carboxypropyl radical is added to the imidazole ring in the pathway towards the formation of the product. Furthermore, our data suggest that the chemistry requires only one [4Fe-4S] cluster to be present in the PhDph2 dimer.	0
Abstract2class: The proteomic response to mutants of the Escherichia coli RNA degradosome Abstract: The Escherichia coli RNA degradosome recognizes and degrades RNA through the coordination of four main protein components, the endonuclease RNase E, the exonuclease PNPase, the RhlB helicase and the metabolic enzyme enolase. To help our understanding of the functions of the RNA degradosome, we quantified expression changes of >2300 proteins using mass spectrometry based shotgun proteomics in E. coli strains deficient in rhlB, eno, pnp (which displays temperature sensitive growth), or rne(1-602) which encodes a C-terminal truncation mutant of RNase E and is deficient in degradosome assembly. Global protein expression changes are most similar between the pnp and rhlB mutants, confirming the functional relationship between the genes. We observe down-regulation of protein chaperones including GroEL and DnaK (which associate with the degradosome), a decrease in translation related proteins in Δpnp, ΔrhlB and rne(1-602) cells, and a significant increase in the abundance of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases. Analysis of the observed proteomic changes points to a shared motif, CGCTGG, that may be associated with RNA degradosome targets. Further, our data provide information on the expression modulation of known degradosome-associated proteins, such as DeaD and RNase G, as well as other RNA helicases and RNases - suggesting or confirming functional complementarity in some cases. Taken together, our results emphasize the role of the RNA degradosome in the modulation of the bacterial proteome and provide the first large-scale proteomic description of the response to perturbation of this major pathway of RNA degradation.	0
Abstract2class: An IgE receptor mimetic peptide (PepE) protects mice from IgE mediated anaphylaxis Abstract: Crosslinking of receptor-bound Immunoglobulin E (IgE) triggers immediate hypersensitivity reactions including anaphylaxis. Blocking the interaction of IgE with its high-affinity receptor, FcεRI, on mast cells and basophils is an attractive strategy for the treatment of allergies. This approach has seen clinical success using the anti-IgE monoclonal antibody, omalizumab. We recently designed and characterized a novel FcεRI-mimetic peptide (PepE) which contains the two key FcεRI α-chain receptor loops known to interact with the ε-heavy chain of IgE, C'-E and B-C, with an optimized linker for joining them. PepE has high specificity and affinity for IgE, blocks IgE binding to FcεRI and prevents IgE-induced mediator release from RBL2H3 cells. We have now investigated the biological effects of this peptide in vivo using a line of mice (BALB/c Il4raF709) very sensitive to IgE-mediated systemic anaphylaxis. IgE-deficient (IgE-/-) Il4raF709 mice were passively sensitized with the anti-DNP IgE monoclonal antibody (SPE-7) and subsequently challenged i.v. with DNP-BSA. Mice receiving a single dose of PepE prior to sensitization with SPE-7 IgE were fully protected from anaphylaxis while vehicle control-treated mice displayed strong reactions with significant core body temperature drops and elevated levels of mouse mast cell protease-1 (mMCP-1) in the serum. However, PepE had no effect on IgE-mediated anaphylaxis if given after IgE administration in IgE-/- mice, suggesting that PepE can block binding of free IgE to FcεRI but cannot compete with the receptor for already bound IgE in vivo. A single dose of PepE treatment did not protect IgE sufficient mice from IgE mediated anaphylaxis. However, a 3 week long course of PepE treatment protected IgE sufficient Il4raF709 mice from body temperature drops and elevation of serum mMCP-1. Our findings establish the potential of this type of structure for blocking IgE binding to mast cells in vivo and suggest that related peptides might have the potential to attenuate clinical allergic reactions.	0
Abstract2class: Photocleavable peptide-oligonucleotide conjugates for protein kinase assays by MALDI-TOF MS Abstract: Robust methods for highly parallel, quantitative analysis of cellular protein tyrosine kinase activities may provide tools critically needed to decipher oncogenic signaling, discover new targeted drugs, diagnose cancer and monitor patients. Here, we describe proof-of-principle for a novel protein kinase assay with the potential to help overcome these challenges. MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry provides an ideal tool for label-free multiplexed analysis of peptide phosphorylation, but is poorly matched to homogeneous assays and complex samples. Thus, we conjugated a common oligonucleotide tag to multiple peptide substrates, offering efficient capture from solution-phase kinase reactions by annealing to the complementary sequence tethered to PEG-passivated superparamagnetic microparticles. To enable reversible conjugation, we developed a novel bifunctional cross-linker allowing simple and efficient preparation of photocleavable peptide-oligonucleotide conjugates. After washing away contaminants and following photorelease, MALDI-TOF analysis yielded relative phosphorylation of each peptide with high sensitivity and specificity. Validating the hybridization-mediated multiplexed kinase assay, when three peptide substrate-oligonucleotide conjugates were mixed with the tyrosine kinase c-Abl and ATP, we readily observed their differential phosphorylation yet measured a common IC(50) for the Abl kinase inhibitor imatinib. This new assay enables analysis of protein kinase activities in a multiplexed format amenable to screening inhibitors against multiple kinases in parallel, an important capability for drug discovery and predictive diagnostics.	0
Abstract2class: LC-MS-based metabolomics Abstract: Metabolomics aims at identification and quantitation of small molecules involved in metabolic reactions. LC-MS has enjoyed a growing popularity as the platform for metabolomic studies due to its high throughput, soft ionization, and good coverage of metabolites. The success of a LC-MS-based metabolomic study often depends on multiple experimental, analytical, and computational steps. This review presents a workflow of a typical LC-MS-based metabolomic analysis for identification and quantitation of metabolites indicative of biological/environmental perturbations. Challenges and current solutions in each step of the workflow are reviewed. The review intends to help investigators understand the challenges in metabolomic studies and to determine appropriate experimental, analytical, and computational methods to address these challenges.	0
Abstract2class: Characterization and development of novel small-molecules inhibiting GSK3 and activating Wnt signaling Abstract: Glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK3) is an essential component of the Wnt signaling pathway and plays important roles in regulating cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. As GSK3 is abnormally upregulated in several diseases including type II diabetes, Alzheimer's disease and cancer, it has been regarded as a potential drug target. During zebrafish development, inhibition of GSK3 leads to ectopic activation of the Wnt pathway, resulting in a headless embryo. Using this phenotype as an assay we screened a chemical library of 4000 compounds and identified one novel compound, 3F8, which specifically inhibits eye and forebrain formation in zebrafish embryos, resembling a typical Wnt overexpression phenotype. Cell reporter assays, chemical informatics analysis and in vitro kinase experiments revealed that 3F8 is a selective GSK3 inhibitor, which is more potent than SB216763, a commonly used GSK3 inhibitor. Based on the structure of 3F8, a new generation of compounds inhibiting GSK3 was synthesized and validated by biological assays. Together, 3F8 and its derivatives could be useful as new reagents and potential therapeutic candidates for GSK3 related diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Molecular and genetic inflammation networks in major human diseases Abstract: It has been well-recognized that inflammation alongside tissue repair and damage maintaining tissue homeostasis determines the initiation and progression of complex diseases. Albeit with the accomplishment of having captured the most critical inflammation-involved molecules, genetic susceptibilities, epigenetic factors, and environmental factors, our schemata on the role of inflammation in complex diseases remain largely patchy, in part due to the success of reductionism in terms of research methodology per se. Omics data alongside the advances in data integration technologies have enabled reconstruction of molecular and genetic inflammation networks which shed light on the underlying pathophysiology of complex diseases or clinical conditions. Given the proven beneficial role of anti-inflammation in coronary heart disease as well as other complex diseases and immunotherapy as a revolutionary transition in oncology, it becomes timely to review our current understanding of the molecular and genetic inflammation networks underlying major human diseases. In this review, we first briefly discuss the complexity of infectious diseases and then highlight recently uncovered molecular and genetic inflammation networks in other major human diseases including obesity, type II diabetes, coronary heart disease, late onset Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, and sporadic cancer. The commonality and specificity of these molecular networks are addressed in the context of genetics based on genome-wide association study (GWAS). The double-sword role of inflammation, such as how the aberrant type 1 and/or type 2 immunity leads to chronic and severe clinical conditions, remains open in terms of the inflammasome and the core inflammatome network features. Increasingly available large Omics and clinical data in tandem with systems biology approaches have offered an exciting yet challenging opportunity toward reconstruction of more comprehensive and dynamic molecular and genetic inflammation networks, which hold great promise in transiting network snapshots to video-style multi-scale interplays of disease mechanisms, in turn leading to effective clinical intervention.	0
Abstract2class: An evidence-based knowledgebase of pulmonary arterial hypertension to identify genes and pathways relevant to pathogenesis Abstract: Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) is a major progressive form of pulmonary hypertension (PH) with more than 4800 patients in the United States. In the last two decades, many studies have identified numerous genes associated with this disease. However, there is no comprehensive research resource for PAH or other PH types that integrates various genetic studies and their related biological information. Thus, the number of associated genes, and their strength of evidence, is unclear. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that a web-based knowledgebase could be used to develop a biological map of highly interrelated, functionally important genes in PAH. We developed the pulmonary arterial hypertension knowledgebase (PAHKB, ), a comprehensive database with a user-friendly web interface. PAHKB extracts genetic data from all available sources, including those from association studies, genetic mutation, gene expression, animal model, supporting literature, various genomic annotations, gene networks, cellular and regulatory pathways, as well as microRNAs. Moreover, PAHKB provides online tools for data browsing and searching, data integration, pathway graphical presentation, and gene ranking. In the current release, PAHKB contains 341 human PH-related genes (293 protein coding and 48 non-coding genes) curated from over 1000 PubMed abstracts. Based on the top 39 ranked PAH-related genes in PAHKB, we constructed a core biological map. This core map was enriched with the TGF-beta signaling pathway, focal adhesion, cytokine-cytokine receptor interaction, and MAPK signaling. In addition, the reconstructed map elucidates several novel cancer signaling pathways, which may provide clues to support the application of anti-cancer therapeutics to PAH. In summary, we have developed a system for the identification of core PH-related genes and identified critical signaling pathways that may be relevant to PAH pathogenesis. This system can be easily applied to other pulmonary diseases.	0
Abstract2class: Synergetic regulatory networks mediated by oncogene-driven microRNAs and transcription factors in serous ovarian cancer Abstract: Although high-grade serous ovarian cancer (OVC) is the most lethal gynecologic malignancy in women, little is known about the regulatory mechanisms in the cellular processes that lead to this cancer. Recently, accumulated lines of evidence have shown that the interplay between transcription factors (TFs) and microRNAs (miRNAs) is critical in cellular regulation during tumorigenesis. A comprehensive investigation of TFs and miRNAs, and their target genes, may provide a deeper understanding of the regulatory mechanisms in the pathology of OVC. In this study, we have integrated three complementary algorithms into a framework, aiming to infer the regulation by miRNAs and TFs in conjunction with gene expression profiles. We demonstrated the utility of our framework by inferring 67 OVC-specific regulatory feed-forward loops (FFL) initiated by miRNAs or TFs in high-grade serous OVC. By analyzing these regulatory behaviors, we found that all the 67 FFLs are consistent in their regulatory effects on genes that are jointly targeted by miRNAs and TFs. Remarkably, we unveiled an unbalanced distribution of FFLs with different oncogenic effects. In total, 31 of the 67 coherent FFLs were mainly initiated by oncogenes. On the contrary, only 4 of the FFLs were initiated by tumor suppressor genes. These overwhelmingly observed oncogenic genes were further detected in a sub-network with 32 FFLs centered by miRNA let-7b and TF TCF7L1 to regulate cell differentiation. Closer inspection of 32 FFLs revealed that 75% of the miRNAs reportedly play functional roles in cell differentiation, especially when enriched in epithelial-mesenchymal transitions. This study provides a comprehensive pathophysiological overview of recurring coherent circuits in OVC that are co-regulated by miRNAs and TFs. The prevalence of oncogenic coherent FFLs in serous OVC suggests that oncogene-driven regulatory motifs could cooperatively act upon critical cellular processes such as cell differentiation in a highly efficient and consistent manner.	0
Abstract2class: Prediction of RNA binding proteins comes of age from low resolution to high resolution Abstract: Networks of protein-RNA interactions is likely to be larger than protein-protein and protein-DNA interaction networks because RNA transcripts are encoded tens of times more than proteins (e.g. only 3% of human genome coded for proteins), have diverse function and localization, and are controlled by proteins from birth (transcription) to death (degradation). This massive network is evidenced by several recent experimental discoveries of large numbers of previously unknown RNA-binding proteins (RBPs). Meanwhile, more than 400 non-redundant protein-RNA complex structures (at 25% sequence identity or less) have been deposited into the protein databank. These sequences and structural resources for RBPs provide ample data for the development of computational techniques dedicated to RBP prediction, as experimentally determining RNA-binding functions is time-consuming and expensive. This review compares traditional machine-learning based approaches with emerging template-based methods at several levels of prediction resolution ranging from two-state binding/non-binding prediction, to binding residue prediction and protein-RNA complex structure prediction. The analysis indicates that the two approaches are complementary and their combinations may lead to further improvements.	0
Abstract2class: Revisiting and revising the purinosome Abstract: Some metabolic pathway enzymes are known to organize into multi-enzyme complexes for reasons of catalytic efficiency, metabolite channeling, and other advantages of compartmentalization. It has long been an appealing prospect that de novo purine biosynthesis enzymes form such a complex, termed the "purinosome." Early work characterizing these enzymes garnered scarce but encouraging evidence for its existence. Recent investigations led to the discovery in human cell lines of purinosome bodies-cytoplasmic puncta containing transfected purine biosynthesis enzymes, which were argued to correspond to purinosomes. New discoveries challenge both the functional and physiological relevance of these bodies in favor of protein aggregation.	0
Abstract2class: Leveraging kinase inhibitors to develop small molecule tools for imaging kinases by fluorescence microscopy Abstract: As the usage of fluorescence microscopy as a tool to study biological systems continues to grow, so does the need for additional tools that permit the selective detection of proteins of interest. Existing selective and well-characterized kinase inhibitors may be exploited to develop novel small molecule probes useful in imaging kinases by fluorescence microscopy.	0
Abstract2class: Multidimensional glycan arrays for enhanced antibody profiling Abstract: Carbohydrate-binding antibodies play a critical role in basic and clinical research. Monoclonal antibodies that bind glycans are used to measure carbohydrate expression, and serum antibodies to glycans can be important elements of the immune response to pathogens and vaccines. Carbohydrate antigen arrays, or glycan arrays, have emerged as powerful tools for the high-throughput analysis of carbohydrate-protein interactions. Our group has focused on the development and application of neoglycoprotein arrays, a unique array format wherein carbohydrates are covalently attached to a carrier protein prior to immobilization on the surface. The neoglycoprotein format permits variations of glycan structure, glycan density, and neoglycoprotein density on a single array. The focus of this study was on the effects of neoglycoprotein density on antibody binding. First, we evaluated binding of five monoclonal antibodies (81FR2.2, HE-195, HE-193, B480, and Z2A) to the blood group A antigen and found that neoglycoprotein density had a substantial effect on recognition. Next, we profiled serum antibodies in 15 healthy individuals and showed that inclusion of multiple neoglycoprotein densities helps distinguish different subpopulations of antibodies. Finally, we evaluated immune responses induced by a prostate cancer vaccine and showed that variations in neoglycoprotein density enable one to detect antibody responses that could not be detected otherwise. Neoglycoprotein density is a useful element of diversity for evaluating antibody recognition and, when combined with variations in glycan structure and glycan density, provides multidimensional glycan arrays with enhanced performance for monoclonal antibody development, biomarker discovery, and vaccine optimization.	0
Abstract2class: Non-traditional roles of G protein-coupled receptors in basic cell biology Abstract: G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) are key signaling proteins that regulate how cells interact with their environment. Traditional signaling cascades involving GPCRs have been well described and are well established and very important clinical targets. With the development of more recent technologies, hints about the involvement of GPCRs in fundamental cell biological processes are beginning to emerge. In this review, we give a basic introduction to GPCR signaling and highlight some less well described roles of GPCRs, including in cell division and membrane trafficking, which may occur through canonical and non-canonical signaling pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Metal ions binding to recA inteins from Mycobacterium tuberculosis Abstract: Zinc has been found in the crystal structures of inteins and the zinc ion can inhibit intein splicing both in vitro and in vivo. The interactions between metal ions and three minimized recA inteins have been studied in this work. Isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC) results show that the zinc binding affinity to three inteins is in the order of DeltaI-SM > DeltaDeltaI(hh)-SM approximately DeltaDeltaI(hh)-CM, but is much weaker than to EDTA. These data explain the reversible inhibition and the presence of zinc only in the crystal structure of DeltaI-SM of recA intein. A positive correlation between binding constants and inhibition efficiency was observed upon the titration of different metal ions. Single-site binding modes were detected in all interactions, except DeltaDeltaI(hh)-CM which has two Zn sites. Zinc binding sites on DeltaDeltaI(hh)-CM were analyzed by NMR spectroscopy and ITC titration on inteins with chemical modifications. Results indicate that the Cys1 and His73 are the second zinc binding sites in DeltaDeltaI(hh)-CM. CD studies show the metal coordinations have negligible influence on protein structure. This work suggests that the mobility restriction of key residues from metal coordination is likely the key cause of metal inhibition of intein splicing.	0
Abstract2class: Allosteric pathways in tetrahydrofolate sensing riboswitch with dynamics correlation network Abstract: Riboswitches are cis-acting genetic control elements. Due to their fundamental importance in bacteria gene regulation, they have been proposed as antibacterial drug targets. Tetrahydrofolate (THF) is an essential cofactor of one-carbon transfer reactions and downregulates the expression of downstream genes. However, information on how to transfer from the binding site of THF to the expression platform is still unavailable. Herein, a nucleotide/nucleotide dynamics correlation network based on an all-atom molecular dynamic simulation was used to reveal the regulation mechanism of a THF-sensing riboswitch. Shortest pathway analysis based on the network illustrates that there is an allosteric pathway through the P2 helix to the pseudoknot, then to the P1 helix in the THF-riboswitch. Thus the hypothesis of "THF-binding induced allosteric switching" was proposed and evaluated using THF and pseudoknot weakened experiments. Furthermore, a possible allosteric pathway of C30-C31-G33-A34-G35-G36-G37-A38-G48-G47-U46-A90-U91-C92-G93-C94-G95-C96 was identified and confirmed through the perturbation of the network. The proposed allosteric mechanism and the underlying allosteric pathway provide fundamental insights for the regulation of THF sensing riboswitches.	0
Abstract2class: Relating protein adduction to gene expression changes: a systems approach Abstract: Modification of proteins by reactive electrophiles such as the 4-hydroxy-2-nonenal (HNE) plays a critical role in oxidant-associated human diseases. However, little is known about protein adduction and the mechanism by which protein damage elicits adaptive effects and toxicity. We developed a systems approach for relating protein adduction to gene expression changes through the integration of protein adduction, gene expression, protein-DNA interaction, and protein-protein interaction data. Using a random walk strategy, we expanded a list of responsive transcription factors inferred from gene expression studies to upstream signaling networks, which in turn allowed overlaying protein adduction data on the network for the prediction of stress sensors and their associated regulatory mechanisms. We demonstrated the general applicability of transcription factor-based signaling network inference using 103 known pathways. Applying our workflow on gene expression and protein adduction data from HNE-treatment not only rediscovered known mechanisms of electrophile stress but also generated novel hypotheses regarding protein damage sensors. Although developed for analyzing protein adduction data, the framework can be easily adapted for phosphoproteomics and other types of protein modification data.	0
Abstract2class: Computational models for large-scale simulations of facilitated diffusion Abstract: The binding of site-specific transcription factors to their genomic target sites is a key step in gene regulation. While the genome is huge, transcription factors belong to the least abundant protein classes in the cell. It is therefore fascinating how short the time frame is that they require to home in on their target sites. The underlying search mechanism is called facilitated diffusion and assumes a combination of three-dimensional diffusion in the space around the DNA combined with one-dimensional random walk on it. In this review, we present the current understanding of the facilitated diffusion mechanism and identify questions that lack a clear or detailed answer. One way to investigate these questions is through stochastic simulation and, in this manuscript, we support the idea that such simulations are able to address them. Finally, we review which biological parameters need to be included in such computational models in order to obtain a detailed representation of the actual process.	0
Abstract2class: De novo design of protein mimics of B-DNA Abstract: Structural mimicry of DNA is utilized in nature as a strategy to evade molecular defences mounted by host organisms. One such example is the protein Ocr - the first translation product to be expressed as the bacteriophage T7 infects E. coli. The structure of Ocr reveals an intricate and deliberate arrangement of negative charges that endows it with the ability to mimic ∼24 base pair stretches of B-DNA. This uncanny resemblance to DNA enables Ocr to compete in binding the type I restriction modification (R/M) system, and neutralizes the threat of hydrolytic cleavage of viral genomic material. Here, we report the de novo design and biophysical characterization of DNA mimicking peptides, and describe the inhibitory action of the designed helical bundles on a type I R/M enzyme, EcoR124I. This work validates the use of charge patterning as a design principle for creation of protein mimics of DNA, and serves as a starting point for development of therapeutic peptide inhibitors against human pathogens that employ molecular camouflage as part of their invasion stratagem.	0
Abstract2class: Highly effective, regiospecific reduction of chalcone by cyanobacteria leads to the formation of dihydrochalcone: two steps towards natural sweetness Abstract: Background:                       Chalcones are the biogenetic precursors of all known flavonoids, which play an essential role in various metabolic processes in photosynthesizing organisms. The use of whole cyanobacteria cells in a two-step, light-catalysed regioselective bio-reduction of chalcone, leading to the formation of the corresponding dihydrochalcone, is reported. The prokaryotic microalgae cyanobacteria are known to produce phenolic compounds, including flavonoids, as natural components of cells. It seems logical that organisms producing such compounds possess a suitable "enzymatic apparatus" to carry out their biotransformation. Therefore, determination of the ability of whole cells of selected cyanobacteria to carry out biocatalytic transformations of chalcone, the biogenetic precursor of all known flavonoids, was the aim of our study.                  Results:                       Chalcone was found to be converted to dihydrochalcone by all examined cyanobacterial strains; however, the effectiveness of this process depends on the strain with biotransformation yields ranging from 3% to >99%. The most effective biocatalysts are Anabaena laxa, Aphanizomenon klebahnii, Nodularia moravica, Synechocystis aquatilis (>99% yield) and Merismopedia glauca (92% yield). The strains Anabaena sp. and Chroococcus minutus transformed chalcone in more than one way, forming a few products; however, dihydrochalcone was the dominant product. The course of biotransformation shed light on the pathway of chalcone conversion, indicating that the process proceeds through the intermediate cis-chalcone. The scaled-up process, conducted on a preparative scale and by using a mini-pilot photobioreactor, fully confirmed the high effectiveness of this bioconversion. Moreover, in the case of the mini-pilot photobioreactor batch cultures, the optimization of culturing conditions allowed the shortening of the process conducted by A. klebahnii by 50% (from 8 to 4 days), maintaining its >99% yield.                  Conclusions:                       This is the first report related to the use of whole cells of halophilic and freshwater cyanobacteria strains in a two-step, light-catalysed regioselective bio-reduction of chalcone, leading to the formation of the corresponding dihydrochalcone. The total bioconversion of chalcone in analytical, preparative, and mini-pilot scales of this process creates the possibility of its use in the food industry for the production of natural sweeteners.	0
Abstract2class: Modified 'one amino acid-one codon' engineering of high GC content TaqII-coding gene from thermophilic Thermus aquaticus results in radical expression increase Abstract: Background:                       An industrial approach to protein production demands maximization of cloned gene expression, balanced with the recombinant host's viability. Expression of toxic genes from thermophiles poses particular difficulties due to high GC content, mRNA secondary structures, rare codon usage and impairing the host's coding plasmid replication.TaqII belongs to a family of bifunctional enzymes, which are a fusion of the restriction endonuclease (REase) and methyltransferase (MTase) activities in a single polypeptide. The family contains thermostable REases with distinct specificities: TspGWI, TaqII, Tth111II/TthHB27I, TspDTI and TsoI and a few enzymes found in mesophiles. While not being isoschizomers, the enzymes exhibit amino acid (aa) sequence homologies, having molecular sizes of ~120 kDa share common modular architecture, resemble Type-I enzymes, cleave DNA 11/9 nt from the recognition sites, their activity is affected by S-adenosylmethionine (SAM).                  Results:                       We describe the taqIIRM gene design, cloning and expression of the prototype TaqII. The enzyme amount in natural hosts is extremely low. To improve expression of the taqIIRM gene in Escherichia coli (E. coli), we designed and cloned a fully synthetic, low GC content, low mRNA secondary structure taqIIRM, codon-optimized gene under a bacteriophage lambda (λ) PR promoter. Codon usage based on a modified 'one amino acid-one codon' strategy, weighted towards low GC content codons, resulted in approximately 10-fold higher expression of the synthetic gene. 718 codons of total 1105 were changed, comprising 65% of the taqIIRM gene. The reason for we choose a less effective strategy rather than a resulting in high expression yields 'codon randomization' strategy, was intentional, sub-optimal TaqII in vivo production, in order to decrease the high 'toxicity' of the REase-MTase protein.                  Conclusions:                       Recombinant wt and synthetic taqIIRM gene were cloned and expressed in E. coli. The modified 'one amino acid-one codon' method tuned for thermophile-coded genes was applied to obtain overexpression of the 'toxic' taqIIRM gene. The method appears suited for industrial production of thermostable 'toxic' enzymes in E. coli. This novel variant of the method biased toward increasing a gene's AT content may provide economic benefits for industrial applications.	0
Abstract2class: Towards a 'chassis' for bacterial magnetosome biosynthesis: genome streamlining of Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense by multiple deletions Abstract: Background:                       Because of its tractability and straightforward cultivation, the magnetic bacterium Magnetospirillum gryphiswaldense has emerged as a model for the analysis of magnetosome biosynthesis and bioproduction. However, its future use as platform for synthetic biology and biotechnology will require methods for large-scale genome editing and streamlining.                  Results:                       We established an approach for combinatory genome reduction and generated a library of strains in which up to 16 regions including large gene clusters, mobile genetic elements and phage-related genes were sequentially removed, equivalent to ~ 227.6 kb and nearly 5.5% of the genome. Finally, the fragmented genomic magnetosome island was replaced by a compact cassette comprising all key magnetosome biosynthetic gene clusters. The prospective 'chassis' revealed wild type-like cell growth and magnetosome biosynthesis under optimal conditions, as well as slightly improved resilience and increased genetic stability.                  Conclusion:                       We provide first proof-of-principle for the feasibility of multiple genome reduction and large-scale engineering of magnetotactic bacteria. The library of deletions will be valuable for turning M. gryphiswaldense into a microbial cell factory for synthetic biology and production of magnetic nanoparticles.	0
Abstract2class: Strong stimulation of recombinant protein production in Escherichia coli by combining stimulatory control elements in an expression cassette Abstract: Background:                       The XylS/Pm expression system has been used to produce recombinant proteins at industrial levels in Escherichia coli. Activation of transcription from the Pm promoter takes place in the presence of benzoic acid or derivatives of it. Previous mutagenesis studies resulted in identification of several variants of the expression control elements xylS (X), Pm (P) and the 5'-untranslated region (U) that individually gave rise to strongly stimulated expression. The goal of this study was to test if combination of such stimulatory mutations in the same expression vectors would lead to further increase of expression levels.                  Results:                       We combined X, P and U variants that were originally identified due to their ability to strongly stimulate expression of the reporter gene bla (resistance to penicillin). Combination of optimized elements stimulated bla expression up to 75-fold (X, P and U combined) relative to the wild-type system, while accumulated transcript levels increased about 50-fold. This is much more than for the elements individually. We also tested combination of the variant elements on two other and unrelated genes, celB (encoding phosphoglucomutase) and the human growth factor gene gm-csf. Protein production from these genes is much more efficient than from bla in the wild-type system, but expression was still significantly stimulated by the combination of X, P and U variants, although not to the same extent as for bla. We also integrated a single copy of the expression cassette with each gene into the E. coli chromosome and found that the expression level from this single copy was higher for bla than for the wild-type plasmid system, while it was lower for celB and gm-csf.                  Conclusion:                       Our results show that combination of stimulatory expression control elements can be used to further increase production of different proteins in E. coli. For one reporter gene (bla) this allowed for more protein production from a single gene copy integrated on the chromosome, compared to the wild-type plasmid system. The approach described here should in principle be applicable for improvement of any expression cassette.	0
Abstract2class: Towards the development of Bacillus subtilis as a cell factory for membrane proteins and protein complexes Abstract: Background:                       The Gram-positive bacterium Bacillus subtilis is an important producer of high quality industrial enzymes and a few eukaryotic proteins. Most of these proteins are secreted into the growth medium, but successful examples of cytoplasmic protein production are also known. Therefore, one may anticipate that the high protein production potential of B. subtilis can be exploited for protein complexes and membrane proteins to facilitate their functional and structural analysis. The high quality of proteins produced with B. subtilis results from the action of cellular quality control systems that efficiently remove misfolded or incompletely synthesized proteins. Paradoxically, cellular quality control systems also represent bottlenecks for the production of various heterologous proteins at significant concentrations.                  Conclusion:                       While inactivation of quality control systems has the potential to improve protein production yields, this could be achieved at the expense of product quality. Mechanisms underlying degradation of secretory proteins are nowadays well understood and often controllable. It will therefore be a major challenge for future research to identify and modulate quality control systems of B. subtilis that limit the production of high quality protein complexes and membrane proteins, and to enhance those systems that facilitate assembly of these proteins.	0
Abstract2class: Highly enantioselective synthesis of (R)-1,3-butanediol via deracemization of the corresponding racemate by a whole-cell stereoinverting cascade system Abstract: Background:                       Deracemization, the transformation of the racemate into a single stereoisomeric product in 100% theoretical yield, is an appealing but challenging option for the asymmetric synthesis of optically pure chiral compounds as important pharmaceutical intermediates. To enhance the synthesis of (R)-1,3-butanediol from the corresponding low-cost racemate with minimal substrate waste, we designed a stereoinverting cascade deracemization route and constructed the cascade reaction for the total conversion of racemic 1,3-butanediol into its (R)-enantiomer. This cascade reaction consisted of the absolutely enantioselective oxidation of (S)-1,3-butanediol by Candida parapsilosis QC-76 and the subsequent asymmetric reduction of the intermediate 4-hydroxy-2-butanone to (R)-1,3-butanediol by Pichia kudriavzevii QC-1.                  Results:                       The key reaction conditions including choice of cosubstrate, pH, temperature, and rotation speed were optimized systematically and determined as follows: adding acetone as the cosubstrate at pH 8.0, a temperature of 30 °C, and rotation speed of 250 rpm for the first oxidation process; in the next reduction process, the optimal conditions were: adding glucose as the cosubstrate at pH 8.0, a temperature of 35 °C, and rotation speed of 200 rpm. By investigating the feasibility of the step-by-step method with one-pot experiment as a natural extension for performing the oxidation-reduction cascade, the step-by-step approach exhibited high efficiency for this cascade process from racemate to (R)-1,3-butanediol. Under optimal conditions, 20 g/L of the racemate transformed into 16.67 g/L of (R)-1,3-butanediol with 99.5% enantiomeric excess by the oxidation-reduction cascade system in a 200-mL bioreactor.                  Conclusions:                       The step-by-step cascade reaction efficiently produced (R)-1,3-butanediol from the racemate by biosynthesis and shows promising application prospects.	0
Abstract2class: Development and application of a rapid all-in-one plasmid CRISPR-Cas9 system for iterative genome editing in Bacillus subtilis Abstract: Background:                       Bacillus subtilis, an important industrial microorganism, is commonly used in the production of industrial enzymes. Genome modification is often necessary to improve the production performance of cell. The dual-plasmid CRISPR-Cas9 system suitable for iterative genome editing has been applied in Bacillus subtilis. However, it is limited by the selection of knockout genes, long editing cycle and instability.                  Results:                       To address these problems, we constructed an all-in-one plasmid CRISPR-Cas9 system, which was suitable for iterative genome editing of B. subtilis. The PEG4000-assisted monomer plasmid ligation (PAMPL) method greatly improved the transformation efficiency of B. subtilis SCK6. Self-targeting sgRNArep transcription was tightly controlled by rigorous promoter PacoR, which could induce the elimination of plasmids after genome editing and prepare for next round of genome editing. Our system achieved 100% efficiency for single gene deletions and point mutations, 96% efficiency for gene insertions, and at least 90% efficiency for plasmid curing. As a proof of concept, two extracellular protease genes epr and bpr were continuously knocked out using this system, and it only took 2.5 days to complete one round of genome editing. The engineering strain was used to express Douchi fibrinolytic enzyme DFE27, and its extracellular enzyme activity reached 159.5 FU/mL.                  Conclusions:                       We developed and applied a rapid all-in-one plasmid CRISPR-Cas9 system for iterative genome editing in B. subtilis, which required only one plasmid transformation and curing, and accelerated the cycle of genome editing. To the best of our knowledge, this is the rapidest iterative genome editing system for B. subtilis. We hope that the system can be used to reconstruct the B. subtilis cell factory for the production of various biological molecules.	0
Abstract2class: Comparison of tolerance of four bacterial nanocellulose-producing strains to lignocellulose-derived inhibitors Abstract: Background:                       Through pretreatment and enzymatic saccharification lignocellulosic biomass has great potential as a low-cost feedstock for production of bacterial nanocellulose (BNC), a high value-added microbial product, but inhibitors formed during pretreatment remain challenging. In this study, the tolerance to lignocellulose-derived inhibitors of three new BNC-producing strains were compared to that of Komagataeibacter xylinus ATCC 23770. Inhibitors studied included furan aldehydes (furfural and 5-hydroxymethylfurfural) and phenolic compounds (coniferyl aldehyde and vanillin). The performance of the four strains in the presence and absence of the inhibitors was assessed using static cultures, and their capability to convert inhibitors by oxidation and reduction was analyzed.                  Results:                       Although two of the new strains were more sensitive than ATCC 23770 to furan aldehydes, one of the new strains showed superior resistance to both furan aldehydes and phenols, and also displayed high volumetric BNC yield (up to 14.78 ± 0.43 g/L) and high BNC yield on consumed sugar (0.59 ± 0.02 g/g). The inhibitors were oxidized and/or reduced by the strains to be less toxic. The four strains exhibited strong similarities with regard to predominant bioconversion products from the inhibitors, but displayed different capacity to convert the inhibitors, which may be related to the differences in inhibitor tolerance.                  Conclusions:                       This investigation provides information on different performance of four BNC-producing strains in the presence of lignocellulose-derived inhibitors. The results will be of benefit to the selection of more suitable strains for utilization of lignocellulosics in the process of BNC-production.	0
Abstract2class: Significance of CO2 donor on the production of succinic acid by Actinobacillus succinogenes ATCC 55618 Abstract: Background:                       Succinic acid is a building-block chemical which could be used as the precursor of many industrial products. The dissolved CO2 concentration in the fermentation broth could strongly regulate the metabolic flux of carbon and the activity of phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) carboxykinase, which are the important committed steps for the biosynthesis of succinic acid by Actinobacillus succinogenes. Previous reports showed that succinic acid production could be promoted by regulating the supply of CO2 donor in the fermentation broth. Therefore, the effects of dissolved CO2 concentration and MgCO3 on the fermentation process should be investigated. In this article, we studied the impacts of gaseous CO2 partial pressure, dissolved CO2 concentration, and the addition amount of MgCO3 on succinic acid production by Actinobacillus succinogenes ATCC 55618. We also demonstrated that gaseous CO2 could be removed when MgCO3 was fully supplied.                  Results:                       An effective CO2 quantitative mathematical model was developed to calculate the dissolved CO2 concentration in the fermentation broth. The highest succinic acid production of 61.92 g/L was obtained at 159.22 mM dissolved CO2 concentration, which was supplied by 40 g/L MgCO3 at the CO2 partial pressure of 101.33 kPa. When MgCO3 was used as the only CO2 donor, a maximal succinic acid production of 56.1 g/L was obtained, which was just decreased by 7.03% compared with that obtained under the supply of gaseous CO2 and MgCO3.                  Conclusions:                       Besides the high dissolved CO2 concentration, the excessive addition of MgCO3 was beneficial to promote the succinic acid synthesis. This was the first report investigating the replaceable of gaseous CO2 in the fermentation of succinic acid. The results obtained in this study may be useful for reducing the cost of succinic acid fermentation process.	0
Abstract2class: High-efficiency promoter-driven coordinated regulation of multiple metabolic nodes elevates lipid accumulation in the model microalga Phaeodactylum tricornutum Abstract: Background:                       Microalgal metabolic engineering holds great promise for the overproduction of a wide range of commercial bioproducts. It demands simultaneous manipulation of multiple metabolic nodes. However, high-efficiency promoters have been lacking.                  Results:                       Here we report a strong constitutive promoter Pt211 in expressing multiple target genes in oleaginous microalga Phaeodactylum tricornutum. Pt211 was revealed to contain significant cis-acting elements. GUS reporter and principal genes glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase (GPAT) and diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2 (DGAT2) involved in triacylglycerol biosynthesis were tested under driven of Pt211 in P. tricornutum. GUS staining and qPCR analysis showed strong GUS expression. DGAT2 and GPAT linked with a designed 2A sequence exhibited higher transcript abundances than WT, while algal growth and photosynthesis were not impaired.                  Conclusion:                       The total lipid content increased notably by 2.6-fold compared to WT and reached up to 57.5% (dry cell weight). Overall, our findings report a strong promoter and a strategy for coordinated manipulation of complex metabolic pathways.	0
Abstract2class: Construction of a cellulase hyper-expression system in Trichoderma reesei by promoter and enzyme engineering Abstract: Background:                       Trichoderma reesei is the preferred organism for producing industrial cellulases. However, a more efficient heterologous expression system for enzymes from different organism is needed to further improve its cellulase mixture. The strong cbh1 promoter of T. reesei is frequently used in heterologous expression, however, the carbon catabolite repressor CREI may reduce its strength by binding to the cbh1 promoter at several binding sites. Another crucial point to enhance the production of heterologous enzymes is the stability of recombinant mRNA and the prevention of protein degradation within the endoplasmic reticulum, especially for the bacteria originated enzymes.In this study, the CREI binding sites within the cbh1 promoter were replaced with the binding sites of transcription activator ACEII and the HAP2/3/5 complex to improve the promoter efficiency. To further improve heterologous expression efficiency of bacterial genes within T. reesei, a flexible polyglycine linker and a rigid α-helix linker were tested in the construction of fusion genes between cbh1 from T. reesei and e1, encoding an endoglucanase from Acidothermus cellulolyticus.                  Results:                       The modified promoter resulted in an increased expression level of the green fluorescent protein reporter by 5.5-fold in inducing culture medium and 7.4-fold in repressing culture medium. The fusion genes of cbh1 and e1 were successfully expressed in T. reesei under the control of promoter pcbh1m2. The higher enzyme activities and thermostability of the fusion protein with rigid linker indicated that the rigid linker might be more suitable for the heterologous expression system in T. reesei. Compared to the parent strain RC30-8, the FPase and CMCase activities of the secreted enzyme mixture from the corresponding transformant R1 with the rigid linker increased by 39% and 30% at 60°C, respectively, and the reduced sugar concentration in the hydrolysate of pretreated corn stover (PCS) was dramatically increased by 40% at 55°C and 169% at 60°C when its enzyme mixture was used in the hydrolysis.                  Conclusions:                       This study shows that optimizations of the promoter and linker for hybrid genes can dramatically improve the efficiency of heterologous expression of cellulase genes in T. reesei.	0
Abstract2class: Correction to: Bioprospection of actinobacteria derived from freshwater sediments for their potential to produce antimicrobial compounds Abstract: Upon publication of this article [1], it was brought to our attention that Figs. 3, 4 and 5 are incorrectly presented in the original version of the article. The figures were inadvertently swapped in the original submission and published. Figure 3 should be treated as Fig. 5; Fig. 4 should be 3 and Fig. 5 should be Fig. 4.	0
Abstract2class: Bioprospection of actinobacteria derived from freshwater sediments for their potential to produce antimicrobial compounds Abstract: Background:                       Actinobacteria from freshwater habitats have been explored less than from other habitats in the search for compounds of pharmaceutical value. This study highlighted the abundance of actinobacteria from freshwater sediments of two rivers and one lake, and the isolates were studied for their ability to produce antimicrobial bioactive compounds.                  Results:                       16S rRNA gene sequencing led to the identification of 84 actinobacterial isolates separated into a common genus (Streptomyces) and eight rare genera (Nocardiopsis, Saccharopolyspora, Rhodococcus, Prauserella, Amycolatopsis, Promicromonospora, Kocuria and Micrococcus). All strains that showed significant inhibition potentials were found against Gram-positive, Gram-negative and yeast pathogens. Further, three biosynthetic genes, polyketide synthases type II (PKS II), nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPS) and aminodeoxyisochorismate synthase (phzE), were detected in 38, 71 and 29% of the strains, respectively. Six isolates based on their antimicrobial potentials were selected for the detection and quantification of standard antibiotics using ultra performance liquid chromatography (UPLC-ESI-MS/MS) and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) using gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC/MS). Four antibiotics (fluconazole, trimethoprim, ketoconazole and rifampicin) and 35 VOCs were quantified and determined from the methanolic crude extract of six selected Streptomyces strains.                  Conclusion:                       Infectious diseases still remain one of the leading causes of death globally and bacterial infections caused millions of deaths annually. Culturable actinobacteria associated with freshwater lake and river sediments has the prospects for the production of bioactive secondary metabolites.	0
Abstract2class: Substantially improving the enantioconvergence of PvEH1, a Phaseolus vulgaris epoxide hydrolase, towards m-chlorostyrene oxide by laboratory evolution Abstract: Background:                       Epoxide hydrolase can regioselectively catalyze the oxirane ring-opening hydrolysis of rac-epoxides producing the corresponding chiral diols. In our laboratory, a gene named pveh1 encoding an EH from Phaseolus vulgaris was cloned. Although the directed modification of PvEH1 was carried out, the mutant PvEH1Y3 showed a limited degree of enantioconvergence towards racemic (rac-) m-chlorostyrene oxide (mCSO).                  Results:                       PvEH1 and PvEH1Y3 were combinatively subjected to laboratory evolution to further enhance the enantioconvergence of PvEH1Y3 towards rac-mCSO. Firstly, the substrate-binding pocket of PvEH1 was identified using a CAVER 3.0 software, and divided into three zones. After all residues in zones 1 and 3 were subjected to leucine scanning, two E. coli transformants, E. coli/pveh1Y149L and /pveh1P184L, were selected, by which rac-mCSO was transformed into (R)-m-chlorophenyl-1,2-ethanediol (mCPED) having 55.1% and 27.2% eep. Secondly, two saturation mutagenesis libraries, E. coli/pveh1Y149X and /pveh1P184X (X: any one of 20 residues) were created at sites Y149 and P184 of PvEH1. Among all transformants, both E. coli/pveh1Y149L (65.8% αS and 55.1% eep) and /pveh1P184W (66.6% αS and 59.8% eep) possessed the highest enantioconvergences. Finally, the combinatorial mutagenesis was conducted by replacements of both Y149L and P184W in PvEH1Y3, constructing E. coli/pveh1Y3Z2, whose αS reached 97.5%, higher than that (75.3%) of E. coli/pveh1Y3. In addition, the enantioconvergent hydrolysis of 20 mM rac-mCSO was performed by E. coli/pveh1Y3Z2, giving (R)-mCPED with 95.2% eep and 97.2% yield.                  Conclusions:                       In summary, the enantioconvergence of PvEH1Y3Z2 was successfully improved by laboratory evolution, which was based on the study of substrate-binding pocket by leucine scanning. Our present work introduced an effective strategy for the directed modification of enantioconvergence of PvEH1.	0
Abstract2class: Ochrobactrum sp. MPV1 from a dump of roasted pyrites can be exploited as bacterial catalyst for the biogenesis of selenium and tellurium nanoparticles Abstract: Background:                       Bacteria have developed different mechanisms for the transformation of metalloid oxyanions to non-toxic chemical forms. A number of bacterial isolates so far obtained in axenic culture has shown the ability to bioreduce selenite and tellurite to the elemental state in different conditions along with the formation of nanoparticles-both inside and outside the cells-characterized by a variety of morphological features. This reductive process can be considered of major importance for two reasons: firstly, toxic and soluble (i.e. bioavailable) compounds such as selenite and tellurite are converted to a less toxic chemical forms (i.e. zero valent state); secondly, chalcogen nanoparticles have attracted great interest due to their photoelectric and semiconducting properties. In addition, their exploitation as antimicrobial agents is currently becoming an area of intensive research in medical sciences.                  Results:                       In the present study, the bacterial strain Ochrobactrum sp. MPV1, isolated from a dump of roasted arsenopyrites as residues of a formerly sulfuric acid production near Scarlino (Tuscany, Italy) was analyzed for its capability of efficaciously bioreducing the chalcogen oxyanions selenite (SeO32-) and tellurite (TeO32-) to their respective elemental forms (Se0 and Te0) in aerobic conditions, with generation of Se- and Te-nanoparticles (Se- and TeNPs). The isolate could bioconvert 2 mM SeO32- and 0.5 mM TeO32- to the corresponding Se0 and Te0 in 48 and 120 h, respectively. The intracellular accumulation of nanomaterials was demonstrated through electron microscopy. Moreover, several analyses were performed to shed light on the mechanisms involved in SeO32- and TeO32- bioreduction to their elemental states. Results obtained suggested that these oxyanions are bioconverted through two different mechanisms in Ochrobactrum sp. MPV1. Glutathione (GSH) seemed to play a key role in SeO32- bioreduction, while TeO32- bioconversion could be ascribed to the catalytic activity of intracellular NADH-dependent oxidoreductases. The organic coating surrounding biogenic Se- and TeNPs was also characterized through Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy. This analysis revealed interesting differences among the NPs produced by Ochrobactrum sp. MPV1 and suggested a possible different role of phospholipids and proteins in both biosynthesis and stabilization of such chalcogen-NPs.                  Conclusions:                       In conclusion, Ochrobactrum sp. MPV1 has demonstrated to be an ideal candidate for the bioconversion of toxic oxyanions such as selenite and tellurite to their respective elemental forms, producing intracellular Se- and TeNPs possibly exploitable in biomedical and industrial applications.	0
Abstract2class: Bioprospecting the microbiome of Red Sea Atlantis II brine pool for peptidases and biosynthetic genes with promising antibacterial activity Abstract: Background:                       The search for novel antimicrobial agents is crucial as antibiotic-resistant pathogens continue to emerge, rendering the available antibiotics no longer effective. Likewise, new anti-cancer drugs are needed to combat the emergence of multi-drug resistant tumors. Marine environments are wealthy sources for natural products. Additionally, extreme marine environments are interesting niches to search for bioactive natural compounds. In the current study, a fosmid library of metagenomic DNA isolated from Atlantis II Deep Lower Convective Layer (ATII LCL), was functionally screened for antibacterial activity as well as anticancer effects.                  Results:                       Two clones exhibited antibacterial effects against the marine Bacillus Cc6 strain, namely clones 102-5A and 88-1G and they were further tested against eleven other challenging strains, including six safe relatives of ESKAPE pathogens (Enterococcus faecium, Staphylococcus aureus, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Acinetobacter baumannii, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and Enterobacter spp.), a safe relative to Mycobacterium tuberculosis and four resistant clinical isolates. Clone 88-1G resulted in clear zones of inhibition against eight bacterial strains, while clone 102-5A resulted in zones of inhibition against five bacterial strains. The whole cell lysates of clone 88-1G showed 15% inhibition of Mtb ClpP protease -Mycobacterium tuberculosis drug target-, while whole cell lysates of clone 102-5A showed 19% inhibition of Mtb ClpP protease. Whole cell lysates from the selected clones exhibited anticancer effects against MCF-7 breast cancer cells (cell viability at 50% v/v was 46.2% ± 9.9 for 88-1G clone and 38% ± 7 for 102-5A clone), U2OS osteosarcoma cells (cell viability at 50% v/v was 64.6% ± 12.3 for 88-1G clone and 28.3% ± 1.7 for 102-5A clone) and 1BR hTERT human fibroblast cells (cell viability at 50% v/v was 74.4% ± 5.6 for 88-1G clone and 57.6% ± 8.9 for 102-5A clone). Sequencing of 102-5A and 88-1G clones, and further annotation detected putative proteases and putative biosynthetic genes in clones 102-5A and 88-1G, respectively.                  Conclusions:                       The ATII LCL metagenome hosts putative peptidases and biosynthetic genes that confer antibiotic and anti-cancer effects. The tested clones exhibited promising antibacterial activities against safe relative strains to ESKAPE pathogens and Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Thus, searching the microbial dark matter of extreme environments is a promising approach to identify new molecules with pharmaceutical potential use.	0
Abstract2class: Antibacterial and anticancer activities of orphan biosynthetic gene clusters from Atlantis II Red Sea brine pool Abstract: Background:                       Cancer and infectious diseases are problematic because of continuous emergence of drug resistance. One way to address this enormous global health threat is bioprospecting the unlikeliest environments, such as extreme marine niches, which have tremendous biodiversity that is barely explored. One such environment is the Red Sea brine pool, Atlantis II Deep (ATII). Here, we functionally screened a fosmid library of metagenomic DNA isolated from the ATII lower convective layer (LCL) for antibacterial and anticancer activities.                  Results:                       Selected clones, 14-7E and 10-2G, displayed antibacterial effects on the marine strain Bacillus sp. Cc6. Moreover, whole cell lysates from 14-7E and 10-2G exhibited decreased cell viability against MCF-7 (39.1% ± 6.6, 42% ± 8.1 at 50% v/v) and U2OS cells (35.7% ± 1.9, 79.9% ± 5.9 at 50% v/v), respectively. By sequencing the insert DNA from 14-7E and 10-2G, we identified two putative orphan biosynthetic gene clusters. Both clusters harbored putative ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporter permeases and S-adenosylmethionine-related genes. Interestingly, the biosynthetic gene cluster identified on 14-7E is of archaeal origin and harbors a putative transcription factor. Several identified genes may be responsible for the observed antibacterial and anticancer activities. The 14-7E biosynthetic gene cluster may be encoding enzymes producing a specialized metabolite (effect of detected genes involved in C-C bond formation and glycosylation). The bioactivity may also be due to predicted subtilases encoded by this cluster. The 10-2G cluster harbored putative glycosyltransferase and non-ribosomal peptide synthase genes; thus the observed activity of this clone could be caused by a bioactive peptide.                  Conclusions:                       The ATII LCL prokaryotic metagenome hosts putative orphan biosynthetic gene clusters that confer antibiotic and anticancer effects. Further biochemical studies should characterize the detected bioactive components, and the potential use of 14-7E metabolite for antibiosis and 10-2G metabolite as a selective anti-breast cancer drug.	0
Abstract2class: Enhanced acid-stress tolerance in Lactococcus lactis NZ9000 by overexpression of ABC transporters Abstract: Background:                       Microbial cell factories are widely used in the production of acidic products such as organic acids and amino acids. However, the metabolic activity of microbial cells and their production efficiency are severely inhibited with the accumulation of intracellular acidic metabolites. Therefore, it remains a key issue to enhance the acid tolerance of microbial cells. In this study, we investigated the effects of four ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters on acid stress tolerance in Lactococcus lactis.                  Results:                       Overexpressing the rbsA, rbsB, msmK, and dppA genes exhibited 5.8-, 12.2-, 213.7-, and 5.2-fold higher survival rates than the control strain, respectively, after acid shock for 3 h at pH 4.0. Subsequently, transcriptional profile alterations in recombinant strains were analyzed during acid stress. The differentially expressed genes associated with cold-shock proteins (csp), fatty acid biosynthesis (fabH), and coenzyme A biosynthesis (coaD) were up-regulated in the four recombinant strains during acid stress. Additionally, some genes were differentially expressed in specific recombinant strains. For example, in L. lactis (RbsB), genes involved in the pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway (pyrCBDEK) and glycine or betaine transport process (busAA and busAB) were up-regulated during acid stress, and the argG genes showed up-regulations in L. lactis (MsmK). Finally, we found that overexpression of the ABC transporters RbsB and MsmK increased intracellular ATP concentrations to protect cells against acidic damage in the initial stage of acid stress. Furthermore, L. lactis (MsmK) consistently maintained elevated ATP concentrations under acid stress.                  Conclusions:                       This study elucidates the common and specific mechanisms underlying improved acid tolerance by manipulating ABC transporters and provides a further understanding of the role of ABC transporters in acid-stress tolerance.	0
Abstract2class: Cloning and sequencing of the gene encoding the large (alpha-) subunit of the proteasome from Thermoplasma acidophilum Abstract: The gene encoding the alpha-subunit of the proteasome from the archaebacterium Thermoplasma acidophilum was cloned and sequenced. The gene encodes for a polypeptide with 233 amino acid residues and a calculated molecular weight of 25870. Sequence similarity of the alpha-subunit with the Saccharomyces cerevisiae wild-type suppressor gene scll+ encoded polypeptide, which is probably identical with the subunit YC7-alpha of the yeast proteasome, lends support to a putative role of proteasomes in the regulation of gene expression. The significant sequence similarity to the various subunits of eukaryotic proteasomes make it likely that proteasomal proteins are encoded by one gene family of ancient origin.	0
Abstract2class: Expression of functional Thermoplasma acidophilum proteasomes in Escherichia coli Abstract: The two genes encoding the constituent subunits of the Thermoplasma acidophilum proteasome were expressed in Escherichia coli yielding fully assembled molecules as shown by electron microscopy. The recombinant proteasomes were purified to homogeneity and were shown to have proteolytic activity indistinguishable from proteasomes isolated from T. acidophilum.	0
Abstract2class: Biochemical characterization and subcellular localization of the sterol C-24(28) reductase, erg4p, from the yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae Abstract: The yeast ERG4 gene encodes sterol C-24(28) reductase which catalyzes the final step in the biosynthesis of ergosterol. Deletion of ERG4 resulted in a complete lack of ergosterol and accumulation of the precursor ergosta-5,7,22,24(28)-tetraen-3beta-ol. An erg4 mutant strain exhibited pleiotropic defects such as hypersensitivity to divalent cations and a number of drugs such as cycloheximide, miconazole, 4-nitroquinoline, fluconazole, and sodium dodecyl sulfate. Similar to erg6 mutants, erg4 mutants are sensitive to the Golgi-destabilizing drug brefeldin A. Enzyme activity measurements with isolated subcellular fractions revealed that Erg4p is localized to the endoplasmic reticulum. This view was confirmed in vivo by fluorescence microscopy of a strain expressing a functional fusion of Erg4p to enhanced green fluorescent protein. We conclude that ergosterol biosynthesis is completed in the endoplasmic reticulum, and the final product is supplied from there to its membranous destinations.	0
Abstract2class: Electron paramagnetic resonance evidence that cellular oxygen toxicity is caused by the generation of superoxide and hydroxyl free radicals Abstract: Cells require molecular oxygen for the generation of energy through mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation; however, high concentrations of oxygen are toxic and can cause cell death. A number of different mechanisms have been proposed to cause cellular oxygen toxicity. One hypothesis is that reactive oxygen free radicals may be generated; however free radical generation in hyperoxic cells has never been directly measured and the mechanism of this radical generation is unknown. In order to determine if cellular oxygen toxicity is free radical mediated, we applied electron paramagnetic resonance, EPR, spectroscopy using the spin trap 5,5'-dimethyl-1-pyrroline-N-oxide, DMPO, to measure free radical generation in hyperoxic pulmonary endothelial cells. Cells in air did not give rise to any detectable signal. However, cells exposed to 100% O2 for 30 min exhibited a prominent signal of trapped hydroxyl radical, DMPO-OH, while cell free buffer did not give rise to any detectable radical generation. This cellular radical generation was demonstrated to be derived from the superoxide radical since the observed signal was totally quenched by superoxide dismutase, but not by equal concentrations of the denatured enzyme. It was confirmed that the hydroxyl radical was generated since in the presence of ethanol the CH3 CH(OH) radical was formed. Loss of cell viability as measured by uptake of trypan blue dye was observed paralleling the measured free radical generation. Thus, superoxide and hydroxyl radicals are generated in hyperoxic pulmonary endothelial cells and this appears to be an important mechanism of cellular oxygen toxicity.	0
Abstract2class: The principal neutralizing determinant of HIV-1 located in V3 of gp120 forms a 12-residue loop by internal hydrophobic interactions Abstract: The interactions of the peptide RP135a (RKSI-RIQRGPGRAFVT), corresponding to residues 311-326 of gp120 of HIV-1IIIB, with the anti-gp120 HIV-1IIIB neutralizing antibody 0.5 beta were studied by NMR. The NOESY difference spectra measured using specifically deuterated derivatives of the peptide show exclusively the interactions of the deuterated residues both within the bound peptide and with the Fab fragment of the antibody. These measurements reveal hydrophobic interactions within the bound peptide between Ile-4, Ile-6 and Val-15 that create a 12-residue loop with these residues at the base and the conserved GPGR sequence at its top.	0
Abstract2class: Effect of point mutations at position 89 of the E. coli 5S rRNA on the assembly and activity of the large ribosomal subunit Abstract: Nucleotide residue U89 in the D loop of Escherichia coli 5S rRNA is adjacent to two domains of 23S rRNA in the large ribosomal subunit [Dokudovskaya et al., RNA 2 (1996) 146-152]. 50S ribosomal subunits were reconstituted containing U89(C, G or A) mutants of 5S rRNAs and the activities of the corresponding 70S ribosomes were studied. The U89C mutant behaves similarly to the wild-type 5S rRNA. Replacement of the pyrimidine base at position U89 by more bulky purine bases impairs the incorporation of 5S rRNA into 50S subunits, whereas the particles formed showed full activities in poly(U)-dependent poly(Phe) synthesis in the presence of either U89G or U89A 5S rRNA mutants. The activity of the reconstituted particles depends on the incorporation of 5S rRNA in agreement with early observations.	0
Abstract2class: Predictions of linear T-cell and B-cell epitopes in proteins encoded by HIV-1, HIV-2 and SIVMAC and the conservation of these sites between strains Abstract: An important consideration in the design of vaccines to prevent HIV-1 infection effective against different strains is the amino acid sequence conservation of antigenic determinants. Even one amino acid change can destroy the antigenicity of a site for the antibody or T-cell receptor. The comparisons of predicted T- and B-cell epitopes between human HIV-1, HIV-2 and monkey SIVMAC AIDS viruses are presented. The three major gene products (env, gag and pol) were examined. A number of epitopes were identical between strains of HIV-1. Our analysis highlights the problem of designing an effective HIV-1 and HIV-2 vaccine and also the problem of testing human vaccines in monkey models.	0
Abstract2class: Crystallisation and preliminary X-ray diffraction studies of cyclophilin-tetrapeptide and cyclophilin-cyclosporin complexes Abstract: Recombinant human cyclophilin has been co-crystallised with a number of peptides to give crystals suitable for X-ray analysis. The crystal complexes for which heavy-atom derivatives have been prepared and X-ray data collected are: cyclophilin with N-acetyl-Ala-Ala-Pro-Ala-amidomethyl-coumarin (I) which crystallises in space group P2(1)2(1)2(1) with a = 108.2, b = 123.0, c = 35.8 A, and cyclophilin with cyclosporin (II) which crystallises as tetragonal plates in space group P4(1)2(1)2 or P4(3)2(1)2 with a = b = 94.98, c = 278.55 A.	0
Abstract2class: Calcium-dependent protein phosphorylation and dephosphorylation in intact brain neurons in culture Abstract: Preincubation of intact fetal rat brain neurons in culture with 32Pi results in the incorporation of 32Pi into about 20 specific proteins. Upon stimulation by electrical field stimulation or by K+-induced depolarization, highly significant calcium-dependent increase in phosphorylation of a protein of app. Mr 43 000 and decrease in phosphorylation of an app. Mr 55 000 protein occur. These changes can be attributed to the entry of Ca2+ into the cellular cytoplasm since they can occur upon selective permeabilization of the cell membrane to Ca2+ by the Ca2+-ionophore A23187 and are not observed upon stimulation of the cells in the presence of the Ca2+ channel blocker D-600. These data suggest that these phosphoproteins may be involved in the regulation of processes underlying neurotransmitter release.	0
Abstract2class: Phorbol ester and calcium act synergistically to enhance neurotransmitter release by brain neurons in culture Abstract: Preincubation of intact fetal brain neurons in culture with the phorbol ester TPA (12-O-tetradecanoyl phorbol-13-acetate) in the presence of calcium, resulted in the enhancement of the depolarization-induced, Ca2+-dependent neurotransmitter release by the cells. This effect was due to a marked decrease in the concentration of extracellular Ca2+ required to provoke the release. The concentration of Ca2+ needed to produce half-maximal release shifted from approx 0.1 mM in the absence of TPA to 0.018 mM in its presence. This activity of TPA was concentration-dependent (half-maximal effect at 4 nM TPA) and was also dependent on the presence of calcium during the preincubation period. The TPA-induced enhancement of the stimulated release was also observed when Ca2+ entry into the depolarized cells was partially inhibited by Co2+. The results suggest that TPA acts synergistically with Ca2+ to activate neuronal component(s) involved in Ca2+-dependent neurosecretion.	0
Abstract2class: Calcium is sufficient but not necessary for activation of sheep platelet cytosolic phospholipase A2 Abstract: In this study we demonstrate that: (1) although the major phospholipase A2 present in sheep platelets is activated by calcium ions, it can effectively catalyze hydrolysis of the sn-2 ester linkage in phospholipids in the absence of calcium; (2) expression of calcium-independent phospholipase A2 activity can be induced by NaCl utilizing purified (but not crude) cytosolic enzyme; and (3) calcium-independent phospholipase A2 activity is regulated by a reconstitutable cytosolic protein. Collectively, these results underscore the fundamental catalytic differences between extracellular and intracellular calcium-dependent phospholipases A2 and demonstrate that calcium is sufficient, but not necessary, for the activation of this class of intracellular phospholipases A2.	0
Abstract2class: Cytosolic ADP enhances the sensitivity to tolbutamide of ATP-dependent K+ channels from pancreatic B-cells Abstract: The effects of intracellular purine nucleotides on tolbutamide-induced block of ATP-dependent K+ channels from mouse pancreatic B-cells were studied using the patch-clamp technique. When applied to the inside of excised patches, tolbutamide alone blocked channel activity half-maximally at 55 microM and the concentration-response curve for the inhibition of K+ channels by tolbutamide was flat. ADP (1 mM), but not other nucleotides (AMP, GTP or GDP) increased the steepness of the concentration-response curve and decreased the half-maximally effective tolbutamide concentration to 4.2 microM. It is suggested that the ATP-dependent K+ channel or a closely related structure contains a receptor which is accessible for cytosolic ADP and controls the sensitivity to tolbutamide.	0
Abstract2class: Analysis of the conserved acidic residues in the regulatory domain of PhoB Abstract: The PhoB protein from Escherichia coli is a member of the two-component signal transduction pathway that controls an adaptive response to limiting phosphate. Activation involves its phosphorylation on a conserved aspartate. Site-directed mutations were introduced at conserved acidic residues. The E9D, D10E, D10N, E11A, E11D and E11Q mutants were each able to induce alkaline phosphatase under low phosphate growth conditions whereas the E9A, D10A, D53A, D53E and D53N could not. The E9Q mutant was constitutively active. Phosphorylation assays showed that only the E9D, E11A, E11Q and E11D mutants were phosphorylated by acetyl phosphate. Most mutants also displayed defects in magnesium binding.	0
Abstract2class: Primary structure of a putative serine protease specific for IGF-binding proteins Abstract: From a subtracted cDNA library we have isolated a cDNA clone coding for a novel transformation-sensitive protein which is expressed by human fibroblasts, but not by their matched SV40 transformed counterparts. This protein has a molecular mass of 51 kDa and is highly related to the HtrA family of serine proteases from bacteria. At the N-terminal end, it contains an IGF-binding domain which may modulate the activity of the associated serine protease. Our data are consistent with the assumption that the novel protein represents one of the proteases that regulate the availability of IGFs by cleaving IGF-binding proteins.	0
